THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

57 GEORGE III. 1817.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majefty’s Statute and Law Printers ;

And fold by J. Butterworth and Son, Law Bookfelleys, in Fleet-Street.

1817.

[Price j1. as. in Boards.]

A.

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all.

THE STATUTES,

Faffed in the FIFTH Session of the FIFTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland•

57 GEORGE III

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1.	A N Ad to continue and extend the Provifions of an A£t of

the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty ; and also for regulating the Trade of the Lfland of Mauritius.	Page	I

2.	An AS. for railing the Sum of Twenty-four Millions, by Ex-

chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. [See Cap, 132. § 12.poJl.~\	2

3.	An A& to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Per-

fons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Per-fon and Government. [*SW Cap. 55. pojl.]	3

4.	An A£t to extend the Privileges of the Trade of Malta to the

Port of Gibraltar.	5

5.	An Adf for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt,

Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Penlions, Offices, and Perfonal Estates, in England; and for receiving the Contributions of Persons receiving Penfions and holding Offices ; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. [See Cap. 132. §12. pojl.']	Ibid.

6.	An Aft to make perpetual certain Parts of an A<ft of the Thir ty -

sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Safety and Prefervation of His Majesty's Person and Government against Treafonable and Seditious Practices and Attempts ; and for the Safety and Prefervation of the Person of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent against Treafonable Pra&ices and Attempts.	8

7.	An A& to revive and make perpetual Two A<Ss of the Thirty-feventh Year of His present Majesty, the one in the Parliament of Great Britain, and the other in the Parliament of Ireland, for t!he better Prevention and Punilhment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majefty’s Forces by Sea or Land from

A 2.	their

Hosted

iv	The	TITLES of the STATUTES,

their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Difobedience.	Page 10

8.	An Adi to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thou-fand eight hundred and twenty, an Adi of the Fifty-fecond Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Separation of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit Dealers to fend out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight without Permit. 11

9.	An Adi for veiling all Eftates and Property occupied for the

Barrack Service in the Comptroller of the Barrack Department ; and for granting certain Powers to the said Comptroller.	Ibid.

10.	An Adi to regulate the Veffels carrying Paffengers from the

United Kingdom to certain of His Majefty’s Colonies in North America.	16

11.	An Adi to facilitate the Progrefs of Bufinefs in the Court of

King’s Bench in IVeJlminJler Hath	19

12.	An Adi forpunifhmg Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Cap. 35. poJl.~\ 2o

13.	An Adi for the regulating of His Majefty’s Royal Marine

Forces while on Shore.	30

14.	An Adi to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom

as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purpofes re-fpedlively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen ; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the first Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.	31

15.	An Adi to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thou-

fand eight hundred and eighteen, an Adi of the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufadlures of Great Britain<	Ibid.

16.	An Adi for railing the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Exchequer

Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. \_See Cap. 132. §12. poJl.~]	32

17.	An Adi to repeal, during the Continuance of Peace, so much

of an Adi of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty as prohibits the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless the Preemption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Navy.	Ibid.

18.	An Adi to facilitate the hearing and determining of Suits in

• Equity in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster.	33

19.	An Adi for the more effedlually preventing Seditious Meetings and Affemblies.	34

20.	An Adi for making further Regulations in respect to the Pay

of the Officers of the Royal Navy, in certain cases therein mentioned.	50

21.	An Adi to revive and continue for Two Years, and from thence

until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Adis made in the Forty-feventh and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.	58

22.	An Adi to amend Two Adis of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His Majefty’s Reign, to provide for the better

Execution

V

(.Public General) 57° GEO. III.

Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Conftables in Counties in certain cases.	Page 59

23.	An A 61 to further continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an A6f of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.	60

24.	An A6I to alter and enlarge the Powers of an A6f, palled in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown.

61

25* An A6I to explain and amend an A61, made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Affeffed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and to exempt such Dwelling Houfes as may be employed for the foie Purpofe of Trade, or of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, from the Duties charged by the said A61.	67

26.	An A61 to amend and render more effe61ual Four several A6ts

palled in the Forty eighth, Forty ninth. Fifty second and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commif-fioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities. ^	70

27.	An A6t for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Buck Wheat

imported into this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, in lieu thereof.	76

28.	An A6f to extend the Powers of Two A61s, for allowing

British Plantation Sugar and Coffee, and other Articles imported into Bermuda in British Ships, to be exported to America in Foreign Veffels, and to permit Articles, the Produce of America, to be imported into the said I Hand in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles.	77

29.	An Ato extend to Newfoundland the Provifions of an A6t

palled in the Fifty second Year of His present Majefty^s Reign* for permitting the Exportation of Wares, Goods and Merchandize from any of His Majefty’s Illands in the Wefl Indies, to any other, of the said Illands, and to and from any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America, and the said Illands and Colonies.	78.

30.	An A6t to regulate the Interefts and Periods of Payment of

Navy, Vidfualling and Tranfport Bills.	79

31.	An A61 for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be

railed by Lotteries. [See Cap. 132. {12. poJH\	Ibid.

32.	An A61 to repeal the Duties of Excife on Stone Bottles, and

charge other Duties in lieu thereof.	Cap*	119. poJl.~\ 80

33.	An A6t to reduce the Allowance of Spirits, Tea and Tobacco

for the Ufe of the Seamen on board certain Ships or Veffels making short Voyages.	.	83

34.	An A6t to authorize the Iffue of Exchequer Bills, and the

Advance of Money out of the Confolidated Fund, to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Filheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned.	85

35.	An A 61 for punishing Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the bet-

■t ter. Payment of the Army and their Quarters.	109

A 3	36. An

Hosted

VI

The TITLES of (he STATUTES,

36.	An A& to regulate the Trade to and from the Places withffi the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, and certain Pofleffions of His Majesty in the Mediterranean. Page no

37.	An Adi to explain and amend an Adi of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty; relating to Tolls on Carriages used in Hufbandry, and to remove Doubts as to Exemption of Carriages, not wholly laden with Manure, from Payment of Toll. 116

3§. An Adi to continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an A cl of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more efFedlual Prefervation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

“7

39.	An Adi to extend certain Provifions of the A6fs of the Thirty

sixth and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty to Matters of Charity and Friendly Societies.	Ibid,

40.	An Adi to authorize the rewarding Officers of the Cuftoms

for their Services in preventing illicit Diftillation in Scotland\ under an Adi patted in the last Session of Parliament.	118

41.	An Adi to repeal Two Adis passed in the Fifty fourth and

Fifty fifth Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Office of the Agent General, and for transferring the Duties of the said Office to the Offices of the Paymafter General and Secretary at War.	119

42.	An Adi to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Adi made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Najfau in the Ifiand of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked IJland in the Bahama IJlands, in American Ships coming in Bal-laft.	122

43.	An Adi for granting, for Two Years from the Fifth Day of

July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, Bounties on Sugar refined otherwise than by Claying.	Ibid.

44.	An Adi to allow Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry,

when assembled for the Suppreffion of Riots or Tumults, to be quartered and billetted, and Officers on Half Pay to hold certain Commiffions in such Corps, and to exempt Members in such Corps from serving the Office of Constable.	123

45.	An Adi for the Continuation of all and every Person or Perfons

in any and every Office, Place or Employment, Civil or Military, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Dominion of Wales, Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Ifies of Jet fey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sarke and Man, and also in all and every of His Majefty’s Foreign Pofsessions, Colonies or Plantations, which he or she shall hold, possess or exercise during the Pleafure of the Crown, at the time of the Death or Demife of His present Majesty, until removed or discharged therefrom by the succeeding King or Queen of this Realm.	124

46.	An Adi to prevent the iifuing and circulating of Pieces of Copper or other Metal, usually called Tokens.	125

47.	An Adi for settling and securing Annuities on Lord Colchejler9

and on the next Person to whom the Title of Lord Colchejler shall descend, in Confideration of his eminent Services.	131

48.	A11 Adi to make further Provifion for the Adjuftment of the

Accounts

(Public General) 57° GEO. III.

Accounts of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and for making good any occasional Deficiency which may arise in the said Fund in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and to direct the Application of Monies by the Commissioners for the Redudlion of the National Debt.	Page	135

49.	An Adi for altering and amending the Laws of Excife with

refpedl to Salt and Rock Sait.	141

50.	An Adi to continue an Adi made in the Fifty-fourth Year

of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 to provide for the preferring and rejloring of Peace in such Parts of Ireland as may at any time le dijlurbed by seditious Persons, or by Persons entering into unlawful Combinations or Confpiracies.	180

51.	An Adi to regulate the Celebration of Marriages in Newfoundland.	181

52.	An Adi to alter an Adi passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants. Ibid.

53.	An Adi for the more effectual Punifhment of Murders and

Manflaughters committed in Places not within His Majefty’s Dominions.	183

54.	An Adi to enable the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods,

Forefls and Land Revenues to make and maintain a Road from Milbanh Row, Wejlminster, to the Penitentiary.	184

55.	A.n Adi to continue an Adi to empower Hi9 Majesty to fe-

cure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are Confpiring againfl	His	Perfon	and Government.	193

56.	An Adi to amend the Laws in respect to forfeited Recognizances

in Ireland.	195

57.	An Adi to empower His Majesty to suspend Training, and to

regulate the Quotas of the Militia.	207

58.	An Adi to allow British Goods to be exported direct from

this Country to the United; States of America upon the fame Terms as when exported	to any	Foreign	Country.	209

59.	An Adi for letting to Farm the Poll Horse Duties, and for better securing and facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties.

60.	An Adi to regulate certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer

in England.	2	25

61.	An Adi to abolish the Offices of the Wardens, Chief Juflices

and Juflices in Eyre, North and South of Trent.	226

62.	An Adi to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other

63.	An Adi to regulate the Offices of Clerks to the Signet and

Privy Seal.	231

64.	An Adi to abolish certain Offices, and regulate others, in Scotland233

65.	An Adi to enable His Majesty to recompfenfe the Services of

Persons holding, or who have held, certain high and efficient Civil Offices.	238

66.	An Adi to amend an Adi of the Twenty-fecond Year of His present Majessy, for suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Board of Trade ; and for enabling the Vice President of the Board of Trade to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from the t)uty of Poftage. 245

210

Offices, in Ireland.

227

A 4

67. An

Hosted by

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

67.	An Ad to regulate certain Offices, and abolish others, in His Majefty’s Mints in England and Scotland respectively. Page 246

68.	An Ad to amend the Laws relating to Sheriffs in Ireland.	248

69.	An Ad to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of September

One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and to amend an Ad passed in Ireland\ in the Thirty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement and Extenfion of the Fifheries on the Coafts of Ireland.	250

70.	An Ad to relieve Persons impugning the Dodrine of the

Holy Trinity from certain Penalties, in Ireland.	Ibid.

71.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His prefent

Majefty’s Reign, for repealing the several Laws relating to Pri-fons in Ireland, and for reenading such of the Provifions thereof as have been found usual with Amendments.	251

72.	An Ad to continue until the End of the next Session of Par-

liament Two Ads made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.	254

73.	An Ad to allow the Exportation of Woollen or Bay Yarn

from Ireland by Licence obtained there.	Ibid.

74.	An Ad to extend several Ads for allowing the Importation

and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize to Porta Maria in the Ifland of Jamaica, and to the Port of Bridge Town in the Ifland of Barbadoes.	255

75.	An Ad to abolish the Punifliment of Public Whipping on Female Offenders.	257

76.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the Fifty-fourth Year of His

present Majesty, to regulate the Payment of Drawback on Paper allowed to the Univerfities in Scotland.	Ibid?

77.	An Ad for extending the Provifions of an Ad of the Fifty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money ; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Chelsea Hofpital to suspend the Penfions of such Persons as shall be guilty of Frauds in respect of Prize Money or Penfions.

258

78.	An Ad for fixing the Rates of Subfiltence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.	260

79.	An Ad to permit the Transfer of Capital from certain Public

Stocks or Funds in Great Britain to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland.	262

80.	An Ad for railing the Sum of Nine Millions, by Exchequer

Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. [See Cap* 132. §12. poJl.~]	269

81.	An Ad for raising the Sum of Three Millions six hundred

thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, in Ireland, for the Services of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. [See Cap* 132. § 12. poJl*~\	Ibid*

82.	An Ad to continue an Ad passed in Ireland in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, respecting certain Annuities, so long as the said Annuities shall be payable.

271

83.	An Ad to amend an Ad, made in the last Session of Par-

liament, for providing for the Charge of certain Additions to the Public Debt of Ireland.	272

84.	An

Hosted

{Public General) GEO. Ill;

84* An At to regulate the Offices of His Majelly’s Exchequer in* England and Ireland refpetively.	Page	273

85.	An A61 to permit, until the Fourteenth Day of November One

thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Importation of Coni and other Articles in any Ship and from any Country ; to permit such Articles which may have been warehoused for Exportation only to be entered for Home Confumption ; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given Directions for the Importation of Corn and other Articles, or the taking the fame out of Warehoufe free of Duty, and who have acted in obedience thereto.	275

86.	An Act to permit the Importation of Foreign Cambricks and

Lawns into Ireland, on Payment of the like Duties as are chargeable in Great Britain.	276

87.	An At to. amend Two Ads palled in the Forty fifth Year

of His present Majessy, and in the lait Session of Parliament, for the making more effe6lual Provifion for the Prevention of Smuggling.	278

88.	An At to permit Fuller’s Earth, Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay, to be carried Coallwife under certain Reflations. 290

89.	An At to. allow the Importation of Oranges and Lemons from

the Azores and the Madeiras into the British Colonies in North America.	Ibid.

9.0. An At for the Prevention of Persons going armed by Night for the Dellrution of Game ; and for repealing an At, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to Rogues and Vagabonds.	291

91.	An At to enable Jullices of the Peace to fettle the Fees

to be taken by the Clerks of the Peace of the refpetive Counties and other Divifions of England and Wales.	293

92.	An A6t to regulate the Adminillration'of Oaths in certain cafes

to Officers in His Majelly’s Land and Sea Forces.	295

93.	An At to regulate the Colls of Diflrelfes levied for Payment of

Small Rents.	296

94.	An At to amend an At of the lall Session of Parliament,

for the more easy alfeffing of	County Rates.	299

95.	An At to exempt the Territories within the Limits of the

East India Company’s Charter from certain of the Navigation Laws.	3Q.1

9.6. An At for fuspending, until the Firll Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Duties on Coals and Culm removed Coallwife within the Principality of Walesy and granting other Duties in lieu	thereof.	303

97.	An At for ratifying Articles of Agreement entered into by

the Right Honourable Henry Hall Viscount Gagey and the Com-miffioners of His Majelty’s Woods, Forells and Land Revenues ; and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown.	305

98.	An At for ratifying the Purchafe of the Impropriate Retory

of Saint Mary le bone in the County of .  Middlesex.	329

99.	An At to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms ; and for enforcing the Refidence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices ; and for the Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates in England. \_Bythis Ady § 1. the i^Eliz. c.2Q. as to certain Particulars therein mentionedy is

repealed ;

Hosted

The TITLES of the STATUTES*

repealed ; but the whole of that At7, together with all Explanations, Additions and Alterations thereof was previoujly repealed h 43^*3‘ c*$4* $10.]	Page 343

too. An A 61 to renew the Powers of exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Inftitutions from the Land Tax, and for making further Provision for the Redemption of the Land Tax. 373 101 • An A61 to continue an A6t, intituled An Aft further to extend and render more eJfeSual certain Provifions of an A3 pa fed in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled ‘An A3 to prevent frivolous and, vexatious Arrefs ;* and oj an A3 passed in the Fifth Tear of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, to explain, amend and render more ejfe3ual the said former A3; and of Two A3s, passed in the Nineteenth and Forty third Tears of the Reign of His present Majesty, extending the Provifions of the said former A3s.	385

102.	An A6t to defray the Charge of the Pay, Cloathing and con*

tingent Expences of the Difembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon ; and for granting Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermafhers, Surgeons* Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hun* dred and eighteen.	Ibid.

103.	An A 61 for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June

One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.	392

s©4* An A6fc to reduce the Number of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in the Militia of Ireland, whilst disembodied. 394 105. An A6t to encourage the Eftabliffiment of Banks for Savings in Ireland.	395

£06. An A6t to provide for the Eftablifnment of Afylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland.	407

S07. Am A6t to provide for the more deliberate Inveftigation of Prefentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Irelandy and for accounting for Money raised by such Prefentments.	409

E08. An A6t for the Regulation of levying Tolls at Fairs, Markets and Ports in Ireland.	425

109. An A& to aboliffi the Subfidy and Alnage of the Old and New Draperies, and of all Woollen Manufafiures, in Ireland; and to authorize the Payment out of the Confolidated Fund of an Annual Sum to John Lord de Blaquiere, during the Continuance of his Intereft in the Office of Alnager.	426

no. An A6t to make further Regulations for the better collecting and securing the Duties upon Spirits distilled in Ireland* 428 Hi. An A6t to fuspend, until the Tenth Day of 03ober One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, a Part of the Duties on Sweet6 or Made Wines.	437

riz. An A61 to amend an A6t of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of Treasurer of His Majefly’s Navy, as far as respects the Mode of Applications for certain Services in the Victualling Department.

438

12	113. An

(Public General) 57° GEO. III.

$■ 13. An Ad to prevent the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Convenience of the Public.	^age 439

114.	An Ad to continue, until the First Day of Augujl One thou-

fand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Ads of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster.	443

115.	An Ad to extend the Provifions of an Ad of the Twelfth Year

of His late Majesty King George the First, and an Ad of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, against Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to fe-cure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Manufadure of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, or of other Articles of Cutlery.	444

s 16. An Ad for limiting the time now allowed by Law for Pro-dudion of the Certificate of due Delivery of Goods removed from one Warehoufing Port in Great Britain to another for the Purpofe of Exportation ; for altering the Hours for {hipping Goods in the Port of London ; and to empower Officers of the Cuftoms and Excife to permit the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehoufe to another in the fame Port.	445

117.	An Ad to regulate the issuing of Extents in Aid.	447

118.	An Ad for authorizing the Executors or Adminiftrators of

deceased licensed Navy Agents to receive Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of Money upon Orders given to such deceased Agents.	450

j 19. An Ad to exempt Britiflj and Irijh Stone Bottles, made and used for the foie Purpofe of containing Liquid Blaeking, from the Duties of Excife on Stone Bottles granted by an Ad of this Session of Parliament.	452

120.	An Ad to authorize the Court of Diredors of the East India Company to make extraordinary Allowances, in certain cases, to the Owners of certain Ships in the Service of the said Company.

453

121.	An Ad for regulating Payments to the Treasurer of the Navy

under the Heads of Old Stores and Imprefts.	456

122.	An Ad to extend the Provifions of an Ad of the Twelfth

Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and an Ad of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, against Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to secure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Colheries, or in the working and getting of Coal, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ; and for extending the Provifions of the said Ads to Scotland and Ireland.	457

123.	An Ad for imposing a Duty of Excife on the Excels of Spirits made from Corn in England above the Proportion of Nineteen Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wafh ; and for further securing the Duties on Wort or Wafh made for distilling Spirits in England; and for authorizing the Shipment of Rum for Stores in Cafks containing Sixty Gallons. 459

124.	An Ad to amend an Ad made in the present Session of Parliament, for authorizing the IfTue of Exchequer Bills, and the

Advance

Hosted

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xil

Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fifheries, and Employment of the Poor.	Pagd ^rjo

125.	An Adi to authorize the driving and keeping a Hackney Coach

or Chariot under the fame Licence.	476

126.	An A61 to repeal an A6t, palled in the Fifty fourth Year

of His present Majesty, for the Punifhment of Persons destroying Stocking or Lace Frames, and Articles in such Frames ; and to make, until the Fir ft Day of Augufl One thousand eight hundred and twenty, other Provifions in lieu thereof.	478

127.	An A61 to fettle the Share of Prize Money, Droits of Ad-

miralty, and Bounty Money payable to Greenwich Hofpital, and for securing to the said Hofpital all unclaimed Shares of VefTels found derelidl, and of Seizures for Breach of Revenue, Colonial, Navigation and Slave Abolition Laws.	479

128.	An A61 for extending the Exemptions from the Duties granted

by certain A6ls of the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty *s Reign, m Dwelling Houles in Scotland ; and for altering the Manner of claiming and ascertaining the Exemptions to be granted. [The Exemptions of 43 G. 3. r. 161. are in § 12. of that Act. No Adt of the 45 G. 3. is mentioned in the Body of this Ad;T\	482

T29. An A61 for veiling in His Majesty a certain Part of the Open Commons and Wafte Lands within the Manor or Royalty of Rialton and Retraighe alias Reterth in the Parilh of Saint Columh Major, in the County of Cornwall.	484

130.	An A61 to encourage the Eftablilhment of Banks for Savings

in England.	495

131.	An A61 for the better Regulation of Polls, and for making other Provifions touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places in Ireland507

132.	An A61 for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the

Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Selfion of Parliament.	518

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i.	AN A6t to extend the Limits of an A61, made in the laft

jljL Seliion of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Ad-meafurement of Coals in certain Parilhes in the Counties of Middlesex and EJfex.	Page 53 2

ii.	An A61 for paving the Footways, and for lighting and cleanfing

the Streets, Lanes and public Places within the Town and Borough of Tetburyy in the County of Gloucester, and for preventing Nuifances therein.	534

iii.	An A61 for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two A6ts of the Seventeenth and Thirty eighth Years of His

prefent

Hosted

(Local S' Personal) 57° GEO. III.

present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Henfield to Brighthelnflone> and from Poyning’s Common to High Cross, in the County of Sussex ; and for repealing so much of the said A&s as relates to certain Parts of the said Roads.	Bage 534

iv.	An A61 for more effe6tually repairing the Roads from Coventry

to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn’s Gutter, in the County of the City of Coventry, and in the County of Warwick.	535

v.	An A61 for repairing the Road from the Cross Hands, on the

Worcester and Oxford Turnpike Road, to Halford Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester, Warwick and Worcester.	Ib'uf

vi.	An A61 for enlarging the Term and Powers of several A6ts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Shrewjbury to Bridgnorth, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

Ibid.

vii.	An A6t for making better Provifion for the Support and Maintenance of the Re6lor of the Parifh of Saint Olave} in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for providing a more convenient Rectory or Parfonage House for the said Re6lor. Ibid.

viii.	An A61 for further continuing, until the First Day of Augujl One thousand ^ight hundred and eighteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, the Powers given by an A6t of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners a6ting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the fame into

Effea.	Ibid.

ix.	An Aa for providing a convenient House, with suitable Ac-

commodations, for His Majefty’s Judges at the Afiizes for the County of Northampton.	Ibid.

x.	An Aa for more effeaually repairing and improving the Road from West Houghton to Duxbury Stocks, in the County of Lan-

cajler.	544

xi.	An Aa for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aa of His

present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Towcejler to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End\ in the Parifh of Har-dington, in the County	of Northampton.	Ibid.

xii.	An Aa for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from and out of the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Coalbrook Dale, in the Parifh of Madeley, into the Turnpike Road leading from Shiffnall to Shrewjbury, at or near a Place called Watling Street, in the Parifh of Wellington, all in the County of Salop. 5451

xiii.	An Aa for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from

the Town of Cromford to the Town of Belper ; and for making a Branch of Road from and out of the said Road near the River Amber, to join the Turnpike Road at Bull Bridge, all in the County of Derby.	Ibid.

xiv.	An Aa for lighting and watching Kentifh Town in the Parifh

of Saint Pancras in the County of .  Middlesex. •	Ibid.

xv.	An Aa to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Strat-

ford upon Avon Canal Navigation to raise Money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the said Canal,	Ibid.

xvi. An

Hosted

XIV

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xvi.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Afts^

of the Seventeenth and Thirty seventh Years of His present Ma,-jefty, for repairing the Road from Halifax- to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York., so far as relate to the Road; from Penijlone to Sheffield.	Page	545;

xvii.	An A61 to continue and amend an Aft palled in the Thirty

fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road between Aylejbury and Wendover, through Prince's Rifborough, to Wejl Wycombe, in the County of Buckingham.	Ibid.

xviii.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Afts pafied for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough under Stainmoor in the County of Westmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge in the said County.

Ibid.

xix.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent

Majesty, for building a new Church and Workhoufe in the Parifh of Bathwick, in the County of	Somerfet.	546

xx.	An Aft for improving and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr,

and for regulating Veftels resorting thereto.	Ibid•

xxi.	An A61 for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parifh of Sculcoates in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ibid.

xxii.	An Aft for amending an Aft of His present Majesty, for rebuilding Newton Chapel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ibid.

xxiii.	An Aft for better lighting the Streets-and Houfes of the Metropolis with Gas.	Ibid\

xxiv. An Aft to amend an Aft, of the last Seflion of Parliament, for the better repairing the several Roads leading into and from the City of Worcejlcr.	566

xxv.	An Aft to continue and amend Two Aft-s of the Fifteenth

and Thirty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through Little Yarmouth, to Gorlejlon, in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid.

xxvi.	An Aft for amending the Roads leading from Bafmgjlone,

near Bagshot, through Farnham, in the County of Surrey, and Alton and New Aires ford, to Winch ejler, in the County of Southampton.	567

xxvii.	An Aft for more effectually improving the Road from

Richmond, in the County of York, to Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster, and the Road from Richmond to Lucy Cross, and from Gtlling to the Turnpike Road on Gather ley Moor, in the County of York.	Ibid.

xxviii.	An Aft for continuing and amending an Aft of His pre-

fent Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, to Kimbolton in the County of Huntingdon.	Ibid.

xxix.	An Aft for better paving, improving and regulating the

Streets of the Metropolis, and removing	and	preventing Nuifances

and Obftruftions therein.	Ibid.

xxx.	An Aft to regulate the loading of	Ships	with	Coals in the

Port of Ncwcajlle upon Tyne.	681

*xxi. An

Hosted

[Local Sf Personal} 57° GEO. III.

xxxi.	An Aft for fixing the Dues, Duties and Payments for alii Goods, Wares and Merchandize landed on or shipped from the Pier or Quay of the Town of Penzance in the County of Cam-walli and on all Ships and VeiTels retorting to the said Pier or Quay, or to the Harbour of Penzance.	Page 682

XXxii. An Aft for the further Improvement of the Town and Harbours of Greenock 1 for establishing and supporting a Harbour Police, and for the better regulating the Poor of the Three Pa-rifhes of Greenock*	“	Hid*

xxxiii.	An Aft for altering and amending an Aft of the Fifty fecond

Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Diftrifts, and for other Pur-poles relating thereto.	Ibid.

xxxiv.	An Aft for making the Hamlet of Poplar and Blackball,

in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parifh ; and for erecting a Parifh Church therein, and other Purpofes relating thereto.	Ibid.

xxxv.	An Aft for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parifh of

Chrijl Church in the County of Surrey ; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	Ibid.

xxxvi.	An Aft for enlarging the Church Yard, and providing addi-

tional Burying Ground, for the Parifh of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York.	Ibid.

xxxvii.	An Aft for making and maintaining a Railing or Tram

Road from Bulls Head Lane, in the Parifh of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to communicate with the Cromford Canal at Pinxton Bafin, in the Parifh of Pinxton, in the County of Her by.	Ibid.

xxxviii.	An Aft for incloftng Lands within the Parifhes of Norton

and Heckingham, in the County of Norfolk ; and for draining certain Lands in the said Parifh of Norton.	Ibid.

xxxix.	An Aft to amend an Aft, palled in the Forty seventh Year

of His present Majesty, for improving and rendering more commodious such Parts of the County and County of the City of Dublin as are situate on the South Side of the River Anna Lffey, and West of His Majefty’s Castle of Dublin ; and for the Appointment of an Infpeftor of the Preferments and other Accounts of the County of the	City of Dublin.	Ibid.

xl. An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers granted to the Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Wefminfler; and for extending the Limits of their Office to the Parifh of Saint Luke Chelsea.	687

xli. An Aft for lighting the City and Suburbs of Glafgonv with Gas, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	692

xlii. An Aft to repeal an Aft made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeafurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parifhes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent,	Ibid.

jdiii. An Aft to continue and amend an Aft, made in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Caufeway Heady near Stirling, through the County of Clackmannan, towards Queen*s Ferry, and certain Roads branching out of the fame.	Ibid-\

xliv. An

Hosted

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xliv. An A61 for enlarging the Term and Powers of several A6ls of His present Majessy, for repairing certain Roads leading from Truro, and other Roads communicating therewith, in'the County of Cornwall; and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the River there.	Page 692

xlv. An A61 for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from or near the Town of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of IVeJlmorland, to Middleton Bridge, in the Parifh of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of Tork, with a Branch from or near Chapel House to Egglejlon Bridge, in the fame Parifh. 693 xlvi. An A6t for continuing and amending an A6t of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, through Oakham, to the Great North Road, in the Parifh of Greetham, in the County of Rutland.	Hid.

xlvii. A11 A6t for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Townfhip of Manchester to Newton Chapel in the Townfhip of Newton, with a Branch to the River Med\ock in the Town-fhip of Droylfden, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.	Ibid.

xlviii. An A 61 for (hutting up and discontinuing a certain Way or Paffage called Old Paris Garden Lane, iituate in the Parifh of Chri/l Church in the County of Surrey, and for felling and dif-pofing of the Ground and Soil thereof.	Ibid.

xlix. An A61 to continue an Adi, parted in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majessy, for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, and for repealing the several Laws theretofore made relating to the said Road.	Ibid.

1.	An A6t to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an A61 of His present Majessy, for keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Burnley, in the said County, and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith.

Ibid.

li. An A61 for making and maintaining a Road from Quebec, in the Parifh of Leeds, in the Wert: Riding of the County of Tork, to Homefeld Lane End, in the fame Parifh, with a Bridge or Bridges on the Line of such Road.	694

lii. An A6t for more effe6lually repairing the Road from the Bridge of Dee Southward, through the County of Kincardine, to Stonehaven ; and from thence, by Inverbervie and by Laurencekirk, to the Lower and Upper Bridges over the River North EJk ; and for making and repairing other Roads in the said County. Ibid. liii. An A6t for settling the Right of Patronage or Prefentation of or to a Chapel to be called Stanjled Chapel, in the Parifh of Stoughton, in the County	of	Sujfex.	Ibid.

liv. An A6t for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Eye, in the	County	of	Northampton.	Ibid.

Iv. An A61 to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two A6ls of His present Majessy, for repairing the Road from Wrotham Heath to Foots Cray, and from Wrotham Heath to Maid-Jlone, in the County of Kent; and the Road from the said Road into the Turnpike Road from Mereworth to Hadlow in the said County.	Ibid.

Ivi. An

Hosted

‘{Local Sy Personal) 57° GEO. III.

" Ivi. An Aft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian Road, near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and \Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling. Page 6$4 Ivin An Aft for giving further Powers to the Preiident and Affift-ants of the Charitable Society of the Town of Belfajl, in the County of Antrim, to supply the said Town with Water, and to improve their Eftates.	Ibid,

I Iviii. An Aft for building a Bridge across the River Irwell, from.

Water Street, in the Townfhip of Salford, to Saint Mary's Gate, in the Townfhip of Manchester, all in the County of Lancaster, and for making proper Avenues thereto.	Ibid•

lix. An Aft for granting further Powers for improving the Town of Great Bolton, in the County of Lancaster.	695

lx. An A<9: for granting an Equivalent for the Diminution of the Profits of the Office of Gauger of the City of London, and increasing the Payments to be made by Brokers.	Ibid.

Ixi. An Aft to enable Peltro William Tomkins of New Bond Street, in the City of Westminster, Engraver to The Queen’s Most Excellent Majesty, to dispose of his Colleftion of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, and the Leafe of the Premifes called The British Gallery of Pictures, by way of Lottery.	698

Ixii. An Aft to amend Two Adis for maintaining and improving the Commercial Docks, in the Parifh of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey.	Ibid.

Ixiii. An Aft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Arun to Chichejler Harbour, and from thence to Lang-Jhone and Portsmouth Harbours, with a Cut or Branch from Hunjlon Common to or near the City of Chichefer ; and for improving the Navigation of the Harbour of Langjlone and Channels of Lang-Jlone and Thorney.	710

Ixiv. An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodingham Beck, and extending the fame to the 'town of Great Driffield, in the County of Tork,	711

ixv. An Aft for enlarging the Market Place, and regulating the Market in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for improving the said Town ; and for amending an Aft of His present Majesty relative thereto.	Ibid«

Ixvi. An A61 to amend and continue an Aft of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for improving certain Roads in and through the Foreft of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned.*	Ibid.

Ixvii. An Aft for continuing and amending Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town, of Taunton in the County of Somerset.	Ibid.

Ixviii. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cambridge to the Old North Road, near Arrington Bridge, in the County of Cambridge.	Ibid.

Ixix. An Aft for amending and rendering more effectual an Aft of His present Majesty, for draining Lands in South Holland; and for continuing and amending another Aft of His present Majesty, for maintaining and repairing a certain Bank, and the Road thereon, 57 Geo. III.	a	from

xvii

Hosted

xviii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

from Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, all in the County of Lincoln.	Page 711

lxx. An Adi for improving the Harbour of Blakeney, within the Port of Blakeney and Clay, in the County of Norfolk.	712

lxxi., An Adt for amending and rendering more effectual an Adt of His late Majesty King William the Third, for making the River Lark alias Burn navigable.	.	Ibid.

lxxii. An Adi for rebuilding the Church, and improving the Church Yard of the Parifh of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of .  Middlesex.	Ibid.

lxxiii. An Adt for railing Money, by Annuities or otherwise, for the Purpofe of eredling a Workhoufe for the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of .  Middlesex.

Ibid.

lxxiv. An Adt for more effectually repairing the Road from the Neath Turnpike Road, at or near Abernant, through Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Turnpike Road within the Abergavenny Diftridt near Rhyd y Blew House, in the County of Monmouth.	Ibid.

lxxv. An Adi to continue and amend an Adi passed in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for altering the Road from Macclesfeld to Congleton, in the County of Chester.	Ibid.

lxxvi. An Adt to empower the Commissioners of the Royal Naval Afylum to make use of any Part of the Accumulation of the Interefl of the Monies which were given by the Committee for managing the Patriotic Fund to the said Commissioners, for the Purpofes of the said Afylum.	Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING’S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1.	A N Adi for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Drayton, in the

County of Somerset.	714

2.	An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Erifwelly in the

County-of Suffolk.	Ibid.

3.	An Adi for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Emley, in the

County of Tork.	Ibid.

4.	An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Cofton, otherwife

Coflon Hackett, in the	County of Worcester.	Ibid.

5.	An Adi for repealing certain Parts of an Adi of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Afpatria, and in the ieveral Parifhes of Afpatria, Brumfield and Allhallows, in the County of Cumberland, and for amending the said Adt. Ibid.

6.	An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Orleton> in the County

of Hereford.	Ibid.

7.	An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Burton Salmon

in the Parifh of Monkfryfione, in the County of Tork.	715

8.	An

Hosted

XIX

(Private, printed,) 57° GEO. III.

8.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Willey, in the

Parilh of Prejleign, in the County of Hereford.	Page*j\y

9.	An Aft for veiling Part of the Settled Eftates of Edward Gilbert

Esquire, otherwise Edward Scott Esquire, in Trustees, to be fold and for applying the Produce in or towards the Difcharge of the Incumbrances on the said Eftates.	Ibid.

10.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Meltham, in the Parilh of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of Tork.

Ibid.

11.	An Aft for allotting Lands in the Townfhip or Liberty of Lit-

tlemore, in the Parifties of Saint Mary the Virgin and Teftley, other-wife Iffley, in the County of Oxford,	Ibid.

12.	An Aft for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parifh of Eajlon on the Hill, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

13.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Trawden, in the

Chapelry of Colne, and Parifh of Whalley, in the County of Lancaster.	Ibid.

14.	An Aft for inclosing Lands within the Manors, Townfhips or

Livifionsof Underbarrow and Bradleyfeld, in the Parifh of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland.	Ibid.

15.	An Aft for veiling certain Eftates devised by the Will of John

Seacome, and now held in undivided Shares, in Trustees, to be fold, and for investing the Purchafe Monies of the Shares of such of the Parties interested as are Infants in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be conveyed to them according to their respective Rights and Interefts in lieu of such Shares.	Ibid.

16.	An Aft to enable the Trustees for the time being of the Charity Eftates of William Hickey, deceased, situate in Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to grant Building and Repairing Leafes thereof.

716

17.	An Aft for confirming and establishing the Sales made by Ann

Fifh Widow, and Frederick Klein, of the Eftates devised to them for Sale by the Will of John Fijh Efquire.	Ibid.

IB. An Aft for inclosing Ramfdown and Liddaton Down Commons, in the Parilh of Milton Abbott, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

19. An Aft for dividing and inclosing Heworth Moor, in the Manor or Townfhip of Heworth, in the North Riding of the County of Tork ; and for extinguishing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called Half Year Lands, situate in the Suburbs or Precinfts of the City of Tork.	Ibid*

20.	An Aft for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the

• Parilhes of Fornham Saint Martin and Fornham Saint Genoveve,

otherwise Fornham Saint Genovieve, in the County of Suffolk.

Ibid.

21.	An Aft for veiling in Trustees in Fee Simple, in Trufl for

Samuel Robert Gauffen Esquire, discharged from certain Entails created therein, and from other Rights and Interests, a Fee Farm Rent of Seven hundred and fifteen Pounds and Eleven pence Three Farthings, heretofore the Eftate of the Right Honourable John Lord OJfulJlon deceased.	Ibid.

22.	An Aft for veiling the Settled Eftates of William Lifler Fenton

Scott Efquire in Trustees, in Truft to be fold, and for laying out the Purchafe Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

a 2	23. An

Hosted

XX

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

23.	An Aft for empowering the Judges of the Court of Seftion in Scotland to fell such Parts of the Eftates of Seaforth and others* situated in the County of Rofs, which were entailed by Francis Lord Seaforth deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provifions which afledl or may be made to affect the laid Entailed Estates, and for granting certain Powers relative to Leafes and Feus of Parts of the said Entailed Eftates. Page 717

24.	An Adi to authorize the Trustees of the deceased James Schaw

to grant Building Leafes and Feus of certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Preston, to fell the Superiority thereof, and for other Purpofes relating	thereto.	Ibid.

25.	An Adt for inclosing Lands in the Townftiip of Hollington, in

the several Parifhes of Longford and Brailsford, in the County of Derby.	Ibid*

26.	An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Fulbrook, in the

County of Oxford.	Ibid.

27.	An Adi to enable James Rocheid Esquire, and the Heirs of

Entail succeeding to him in the Eftate of Inverleith, to grant Feus thereof upon certain Terms and Conditions.	Ibid*

28.	An A 61 for exchanging an Eftate in the County of Kent, belong-

ing to the Earl oiThanet, for an Eftate in the fame County, deviled by the Will of Thomas	Holmes.	Ibid*

An Adi for making a Partition of the Eftates of Lostock, An-derton, Heaton, Horwich, Rumworth and Adlington, in the County Palatine of Lane after, of the late Henry Blundell Efquire. Ibid*

30.	An Adi for confirming an Exchange made by Philip Gell

Esquire, of certain of the Settled Eftates of Philip Gell Efquire deceased, in the County of Tork, for other Eftates in the County of Derby.	718

31.	An Adt for effedluating an Exchange between Richard Peter Whijh Clerk, Redtor of the Redlory and Parifh Church of

s Meefdeni otherwise Miffenden, in the County of Hertford, and Armytage Gauffen Esquire, of the Redlory House and Part of the Glebe Lands of the said Redlory, for a House and Lands in the said Parifh of Meefden, otherwise Miffenden, belonging to the said Armytage Gauffen.	Ibid,

32.	An Adi for veiling certain Eftates devised by the Will of Sir James Tylney Long, in the Counties of Dorset and Tork, in

Trustees, to be fold ; and for laying out the Money thence arising (after Payment of certain specific Incumbrances) in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, to the fame Ufes.

Ibid*

33.	An Adi to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of The Moor, in the City of London, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Leafe of certain Meffuages, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, situate in the Parifh of Saint Giles without Cripplegate, in the said City, Parcel of the said Prebend, in manner therein mentioned ; and to enable the granting of Sub Leafes for repairing and otherwise improving the fame. Ibid*

34.	An A61 for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Barlow, in the

Townfhips of Great Barlow and Little Barlow, in the Parifhes of Stavely and Dronfteld, in the County of Derby.	Ibid*

35.	An Adi for improving a certain Piece of Land called Common

Wood,

Hosted

(Private, not printed,) 57° GEO. III.

Wood, in the Liberty of the Borough of Holt9 otherwise Lyons, in the County of Denbigh*	Page	719

36.	An Adi for vesting a certain Estate, late of Peter Walkden of

Chorley in the County of Cloejler, Yeoman, deceased, situate in Chorley aforesaid, in Trustees, in Truft to be sold for paying off Incumbrances thereon ; and for purchasing other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid,

37.	An Adt to enable the Vicar for the time being of the Parifh

of Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancafery to fell and convey in Fee Simple a certain Portion of the Glebe Land belonging to the Vicarage of Bolton.	Ibid,

38.	An Adi for confirming an Agreement relating to the Reverfion

Expedlant of certain Eftates in the Counties of Warwick and Chester, late of Sir Lifter Holte Baronet, deceased, and Property belonging to Abraham Bracebridge Efquire ; and for vesting such Eftates and Property in Trustees, to convey and assure the fame according to the said Agreement.	Ibid*

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

39.	A N Adi for inclosing Lands within the Parifti of Harbridgc J7\. in the County of Southampton,

40.	An Adi for naturalizing Ulric Theodore Hemmingfon.

41.	An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Fulstow, in the County of Lincoln.

\_And for making Compenfation for Tithes.~\

42.	An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Portfea> in the County of Southampton.

\_Prowfo for Right to Tithes."]

43.	An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Studley, in the County of Warwick.

[ And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

44.	An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Worjbrough in the County of Fork.

45.	An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Emneth, in the County of Norfolk.

\_Any Allotment made to His Majesty may be fold before or after the Execution of the Award. Commijftoner to make an Extract of so much of his Award as describes His Majefy’s Allotment, and transmit the fame to the Commijftoners of His Majefy’s Woods, &c.J

46.	An Adi to amend and render more effectual an Adi made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing the Commonable Lands in the Parifh of Hanley Cafle9 in the County of Worcefer.

47.	An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Hempnall, in the County of Norfolk.

48.	An Adi for vesting certain Parts of the Barony of Pitfigo, in the County of Aberdeen, comprized in a Deed of Entail executed by Francis Garden of Troup Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to

be

Hosted

xx ii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

be fold, and for applying the Purchafe Money in the Acquisition of other Efiates, to be fettled upon the fame Series of Heirs, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed of Entail.

49.	An Adi for empowering the Judges of the Court of Seflion in Scotland to fell such Parts of the Entailed Eflate of Tranent, and others, in the Conflabulary of Haddington and Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, belonging to William Cadell Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the fame.

50.	An Adi for inclofmg Lands in the Manor of Salt and Enfon, in the Parifh of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Stafford.

[.And for making Compenfation for Tithes.']

51.	An Adi for inclofmg and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Town ship of Beadlam, i» the Parifh of Helmjley, in the North Riding of the County of Tork.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

52.	An Adi to dissolve the Marriage of William Morris Bailey Esquire, Major in His Majefty’s Thirtieth Regiment of Foot, and a Lieutenant Colonel in the Army, and Companion of the Mofl Honourable Order of the Bath, with Henrietta Bailey his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

53.	An Adi to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Edward William Campbell Rich Owen with Dame Elizabeth Owen his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

54.	An Adi to exonerate from Portions certain Hereditaments in Waters Upton, in the County of Salop, belonging to Richard Emery Efquire.

55.	An Adi to enable the Redlor of the Parifh and Parifh Church of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, to accept a Surrender of the existing Lease, and to grant more extenflve Leafes of Part of the Glebe belonging to the said Redlory.

56.	An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Leek Wootton, in the County of Warwick.

[ Allotment for Great and Small Tithes. Proprietors not having an Interejl in the Lands to be inclosed fuffcient to commute for the Tithes, to pay the Value of the Deficiency for the Benefit of the Owners of Land taken to make up such Deficiency. Proprietors of certain old inclosed Lands may give up Part to discharge Remainder thereof from Tithes. Enabling Commif-fioner, with Confent of Parties, to fix a Compenfation in Money for Corn Tithes of certain inclosed Lands.]

57.	An Adi to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Oliver Smith Efquire with Harriet his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

98. An Adt for naturalizing Matthew Sey%inger.

59.	An Adt for empowering the Judges of the Court of Seflion to fell the Entailed Eflate of Pitlochie, lying in the County of Fife, belonging to William Murray Esquire, of Touchadam and Pitlochie, and to apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchafe of the Lands and Eflate of Cockfpow, in the County of Stirling, belonging to the said William Murray, in Fee Simple, and lying contiguous to certain other Entailed Efiates belonging to the faid

William

Hosted

(Private, not 'printed,) 57° GEO. III.

William Murray, to be entailed in lieu of the said Eftate of

Pitlochie. .

60.	An A£t to amend an A6t made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Strensham, in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes

61.	An A dt for settling and securing certain Parts of the Lands and Eftate of Kinninmonth or Kinmount and others, in the County of Dumfries, to and in favour of Charles Marquis of Queenjherry, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail made by Charles Duke of Queenjherry and Dover, deceased, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed ; and for veiling in lieu thereof certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Tinwall, Moufewald, and others, in the said County, in the said Charles Marquis of Queenjherry, and his Heirs and Afsigns, in Fee Simple.

62.	An A£t to enable Edward Beevor the Elder, Esquire, and his IfTue, to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Lomle, pur-fuant to the Will of Sir John Lomle Baronet, deceased.

63.	An Adt for inclosing Lands in the several Parifhes of Llandi-lofawr and Talley, in the County of Carmarthen.

\_CommiJjioner to make an Extrad of Award for His Majesty. Any Allotments to His Majesty may he fold before or after Execution of Award, ]

64.	An Adt to explain and amend an A6t passed in the lafl Session of Parliament, intituled An Ad to dijfolve the Marriage of Lieutenant General William Dyott with Elinor otherwise Eleanor his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Pur-pofes therein mentioned.

xxiii

Hosted

Hosted

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. BritanniarunxJlegis, Quinquagefimo Septimo.

4	\ T the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the

4	Twenty fourth Day of November, Anno Domini 1812, in

4	the Fifty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

4 GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United 4 Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland', King, Defender of the 4 Faith ; And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the 4 Twenty eighth Day of January 1817, being the Fifth Seflion of 4 the Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 4 and IrelandI

CAP. I.

An A ft to continue and extend the Provifions of an A£l of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and also for regulating the Trade of the Ifland of Mauritius.	[24th February 1817.]

4 WHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned is near expiring,

4 V V and fit to be continued for a limited Period Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of thS Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That an Adi made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authori%e His Majesty, during the present IVar9 to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and fronK The Cape of Good Hope ; which was revived and continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, by two Adis of the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, fkall be and the fame is hereby further continued for the Term hereinafter mentioned.

4 II. And Whereas it is expedient, under the present Circum-4 stances, that the Trade and Commerce to and from all Istands, Co-4 ionics or Places, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof, to 4 His Majesty belonging or in His PolTeilion, in Africa or Afia to 4 the Eaftward of the Cape 'of Good Hope, excepting only the Pof-4 sessions of the Eaf India Company, should also be regulated for a 4 certain time in Inch manner as shall seem proper to His Majesty, 4 by and with the Advice of His Privy Couneil, notwithstanding 4 the special Provifions of any Adi or Adis of Parliament that may 57 Geo. III.	B	4	be

49 G. 3. r. 17. continued.

Hosted

2

C.l, 2.

57° GEO. III.

Trade to the Eaftward of the Cape of Good Hope, to be regulated by Order in Council.

12 C- 2. c. 18.

; & 8 W. 3.

c. zz.

Goods imported or exported contrary to Order in Council forfeited , as also the Veflels.

Provifo for East India Company.

Continuance of A it.

A.D. 1817.

c be construed to affect the fame Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the pafling of this A6t, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Couneil, by any Order or Orders to be issued from time to time, to give such Directions and make such Regulations touching the Trade and Commerce to and from the said Illands, Colonies or Places, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof, as to His Majesty in Council shall appear moil expedient and salutary ; any Thing contained in an Adi passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Aft for the encouraging and in-creafmg of Shipping and Navigation, or in an Adi passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Adi for preventing Frauds and regulating Ahufes in the Plantation Trade, or any other Adi or A&s of Parliament now in force relating to His Majefty’s Colonies and Plantations, or any other Aft or Adis of Parliament, Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever shall be imported into or exported from any of the said Istands, Colonies or Places, or the Territories and Dependencies thereof, or shall be exported from any Part of His Ma-jefty’s Dominions to any of the said Istands, Colonies or Places, or the Territories and Dependencies thereof, or if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so imported or exported in any manner whatever contrary to any such Order or Orders of His Majesty in Couneil, the fame shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Veffel in which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall respectively be imported or exported, with all her Guns, Ammunition, Furniture, Tackle and Apparel; and every such Forfeiture shall and maybe filed for, prosecuted and recovered by such and the like Way, Means and Methods as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Cuftoms may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered in Places where respectively the Offences shall be committed ; and the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid and applied in like manner in the said Places respectively ; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall in any manner -be construed to infringe the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies as now by Law eftablifned.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That this Adi shall continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. II.

An Adi for raising the Sum of Twenty four Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.	[24th	jFebruary 1817.]

€t TREASURY may raise 24,000,000!. by Exchequer Bills, in “ manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.— $1. The Clauses, See. in u recited Adi extended to this Adi. §2. Treasury to apply the 4t Money raised. $3. Exchequer Bills payable out of the Supplies (C for next Sefixon. $4. Intereft $\d. per Cent, per Diem. §5. Ex-

“ chequer

Hosted

A.D.1817.

ST GEO. III.

C. 2,

3

C4 chequer Bills current at the Exchequer after April 5, 1818.— 44 $6. Bank of England may advance 15,000,000!. on Credit of A<ft? 44 notwithstanding the 5 8c 6 W. & M.—$7. A<ft altered, amended 44 or repealed this Seflion. §8.

CAP. III.

An A£t to empower His Majesty to secure and detain fuch

Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring againft

His Person and Government.	[4th	March	1817.]

4	HERE	AS	a	traiterous	Confpiracy	has	been	formed	for	the

4 VV Purpofe of overthrowing by means of a general Infurrec-4 tion, the established Government, Laws and Conftitution of this 4 Kingdom : And Whereas Defigns and Pradtices of a treasonable 4 and highly dangerous Nature are now carrying on in the Metro-4 polis, and in many other Parts of Great Britain J Therefore, for the better Prefervation of His Majesty's sacred Person, and the fa-cred Person of His Royal Hignefs The Prince Regent, and for fe-curing the Peace and Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all or any Person or Persons that are or shall be in Prifon within that Part of the United Kingdom, called Great Britain, at or upon the Day on which this Adt shall receive His Majesty's Royal Afient, or after, by Warrant of His said Majefty’s Most Honourable Privy Couneil, signed by Six of the said Privy Couneil, for High Treason, Sufpicion of High Treason, or Treafonable Pra&ices, or by Warrant signed by any of His Majefty’s Secretaries of State, for such Caufes as aforesaid, may be detained in safe Cuftody, without Bail or Mainprize, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen ; and that no Judge or Juftice of the Peace shall bail or try any such Person or Persons so committed, without Order from His said Majesty's Privy Couneil, signed by Six of the said Privy Couneil, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen ; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the A 61 made in Scotland in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and one, intituled An Ad for preventing wrongous Imprifonmcnt, and againjl undue Delays in Trials, in so far as the fame may be construed to relate to the cases of Treafon and Sufpicion of Treason, with refpedf to Persons so committed as aforesaid, be suspended until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen ; and that until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen no Judge, Juftice of Peace or other Officer of the Law in Scotland, shall liberate, try or admit to Bail any Person or Persons that is, are or shall be in Prifon within Scotland, under a Warrant or Warrants so signed as aforesaid, for such Caufes as aforesaid, without Order from His said Majesty's Privy Couneil, signed by Six of the said Privy Council.

III.	Provided always, That from, and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the said Persons fo

B 2	committed

Persons impri-foned for High Treason, &c. may be detained till July 1,1817, and shall not be bailed or tried without an Order from the Privy Council.

Aft in Scotland of 1701, so far as relates to Treason, suspended.

Persons committed there not to be tried, &c. without such Order as aforesaid.

Provilu for Per-fons comm itteu

Hosted

C.3.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

after Julyi,

1817.

Provifo for Privileges of Members of either House of Parliament.

Provifo for Persons against. whom Indictments for High Treal'on already found.

Secretary of State may order Persons committed for High Treason, &c. to be removed to any other Gaol. Persons so removed not to be deprived of Right to be tried or discharged.

Continuance of Act.

Act altered, ice this Seflion.

committed shall have the Benefit and Advantage of all Laws and Statutes in any way relating to or providing for the Liberty of the Subjects of this Realm.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in this A61 shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient Rights and Privileges of Parliament, or to the Imprifonment or Detaining of any Member of either House of Parliament during the Sitting of such Parliament until the Matter of which he stands suspected be first communicated to the- House of which he is a Member, and the Con-fent of the said House obtained for his Commitment or Detaining.

V.	Provided nevertheless, That any Person or Persons in Prifon at the time of passing this A6t, against whom any Bill or Bills of Indi&ment for High Treafon have been already found, shall and may be tried on the said Indictment as if this A£t had never palled.

‘ VL And Whereas divers Persons are now'in Cuftody on Charges

*	of High Treafon and Sufpicion of High Treason, under Warrants

*	from One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or from ( His Majefty’s Privy Couneil, and it may be highly important that

*	'fuch Persons as have been or shall be secured and detained on such 6 Charges under and by virtue of such Warrant or Warrants fhould

*	be kept wholly separate and apart from each other, so as to prevent

*	all Communication between them and with other Persons, except c such Communication as His Majesty may think fit to permit, and c under such Reftri&ions as may be advisable, and Doubts may arise c how far the Powers of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State

*	to change the Places of Confinement of Persons so committed ex-

*	tend j and it is expedient to provide that the fame shall not be so 4 exercised as to deprive the Persons so committed of any Right to € be tried or discharged which they might respectively have had if

*	their respective Places of Confinement had not been changed P Now, to obviate all Doubts and Difficulties in respect thereof, be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, as he shall fee Occafion, to order any Person committed to any Gaol or other Prifon on any Charge of High Treason, Sufpicion of High Treason, or Treafon-able Practices, either before or after Indidftment found, to be conveyed to and detained in any other Gaol or other Prifon, until discharged by due Courfe of Law, and to issue all Warrants necefiary for such Purpofes : Provided always nevertheless, that no Person who shall be removed by any such Warrant as aforesaid, shall be by means of such Removal deprived of such Right to be tried or discharged, as such Person would by Law have been entitled to if not so removed ; and in every case in which any such Person would have been entitled to have been tried or discharged if such Person had continued in the Gaol or Prifon to which such Person was before committed, it shall be lawful for such Person to apply to be bailed or discharged in the fame Maimer as such Person might have done if such Person had remained in the Gaol or Prifon to which such Person was before committed as aforesaid.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That this A<ft shall continue in force until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

VIII.	And be it further enabled. That this A£t may be altered, varied or repealed by any A£t or A&8 to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP.

Hosted by

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

C.4, 5.

CAP. IV.

An Aft to extend the Privileges of the Trade of Malta to the Port of Gibraltar.	[4th March 1817.]

*	TIT HE REAS it is expedient to extend to the Port of Gibraltar £ VV all the Privileges which were granted to the Trade of Malta € by an Aft palled in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His pre-c sent Majesty, intituled An Aft to regulate the Trade between Malta £ and its Dependencies and His Majejly’s Colonies and Plantations in

*	America; and also between Malta and the United Kingdom ;y Be it therefore enafted'by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft the Trade between Gibraltar and His Majefty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, and also between Gibraltar and the United Kingdom, shall and may be carried on ' in like manner and under the like Rules, Regulations, and Reftriftions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided by the said recited Aft with respect to Malta and His Majelly’s Colonies and Plantations in America, and also between Malta and the United Kingdom, as if the fame, were particularly and expressly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft ; any Thing in any Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. V.

An Aft for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain ; and on PenfionSj Offices and Perfonal Estates, in England; and for receiving the Contributions of Persons receiving Pen lions and holding Offices; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.	[4th March 1817.]

[This AH is the fame as 56 G. 3. c, 3. except as to Dates, and as to the SeDions that are here retained.~\ e * XXXVIII. And Whereas His Royal Highness The Prince Regent has been gracioully pleased to direct certain Sums to be contributed and paid, from the Civil Lift Revenue, in aid of the Public Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen : And Whereas many Persons holding Offices and Places in

*	His Majefty’s Service, and others having'or holding Penfions or c other Emoluments derived from the Public, are desirous of contri-‘ buting Proportions of their respective Official Incomes, Salaries,

£ Penfions or other Emoluments, for the fame Purpofe Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, or for the Lord High Trea-furer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to give such Direftions, for One Year, commencing the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, to the Officers of the Exchequer, and of the several Departments of the Civil Lift of Great Britain respectively, as may be necessary for

B 3	giving

55 G.3. c.29.

The Trade of Gibraltar to be carried on as the Trade of Malta under recited A<ft.

Empowering the Tords of the Treasury to effect His Royal Highness The Prince Regent's and other Perfons’ Intentions, towards the Public Service.

Hosted

6

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

C. 5.

giving Effect to the most Gracious Intention of His Royal High-nefs in such Contribution, and for executing the Intentions of such other Persons as aforesaid ; and no Deduction shall be made, or Fee, Emolument, or Allowance taken, by any Person retaining, receiving, or paying any such Contributions as aforesaid.

4 XL. And Whereas by the said Adi palled in the Thirty eighth 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for 4 making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchafe in the manner 4 therein Jlated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great 4 Britain, as a Land Tax for One Tear from the Twenty fifth Lay of 4 March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, it was enabled,

4 that the several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three Adis of the 4 Twenty seventh, Thirty fourth, and Thirty seventh Years of the 4 Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Adi made in the 4 Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the 4 Duties of Excife on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Adi made in the 4 Twenty ninth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, should 4 continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-4 sand seven hundred and ninety-nine and no longer, but should from 4 thenceforth cease and determine, unless the fame should be fpe-4 cially continued by Parliament ; which said several Duties were by 4 an Adi made and passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of

*	His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for continuing and granting 4 to His Majesty a Duty on Penfions, Offices, and Perfonal Efiates,

*	in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and 4 certain Duties on Sugar, Malty Tobacco and Snuffy for the Service 4 of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, further con-4 tinued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight 4 hundred ; and which, by several subsequent Adis, were further

*	continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand 4 eight hundred and eleven : And Whereas by an Adi passed in the 4 Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4 An Aft for repealing the several Duties of Cufioms chargeable in 4 Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and 4 by one other Adi made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of 4 His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to repeal the Duties of Cuf-4 toms payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great 4 Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter 4 granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to 4 the Ealt Indies, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to 4 efiablijh further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on 4 Goods so imported ; and to alter the Periods for making up andpre-4 fenting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament; to con-4 tinue in force until theTenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred 4 and nineteen ; the said several Duties on Sugar imported from the 4 Eafi Indies were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar so 4 imported in lieu thereof: And Whereas by another Adi, palled in 4 the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4 An Aft to repeal the Duties of Excife payable in Great Britain, and 4 to grant other Duties in lieu thereof certain of the said Duties on 4 Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and 4 certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other Duties granted 4 in lieu thereof: And Whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the 4 said Duties on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, together with the faid

f 6	4	Duties

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.5.

7

c Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were further continued c until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred c and seventeen Be it further enabled, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and the said A6Is granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provifions thereof, shall be and the fame are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen ; and all the Monies arising thereby, which shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and diftin61 from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XLI. And be it further enabled, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Westminster One Book of Regifter, in which all the Money that shall be paid into the Exchequer at Westminster for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and also the Rates and Affeffments hereby granted on Perfonal Estates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Pen-lions, Annuities and Stipends, and all Sums contributed and paid from His Majefty’s Civil Lift Revenue, and all voluntary Contributions hereinbefore mentioned, shall be entered and registered apart and diftimft from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this A61, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall be and the fame are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties and Affeffments granted by this A61 ; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby authorized, from time to time to direct to be issued to the said Paymafters by way of Imprest, and upon Account, such Sums of Money, and at such Periods as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, for or towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this A61, or any of them, and for and towards paying the Intereft to become due on the said Bills, and for and towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the fame Bills or any of them.

LI. And be it further ena6led, That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties and Affeffments granted and imposed by this A6f, and all Sums contributed and paid from His Majefty’s Civil Lift Revenue, and all voluntary Contributions, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of this A6f, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies refpedfively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, be carried to and made Part of the Con-folidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

The Duties on Sugar, Malt and Tobacco,further continued.

Monies paid into the Exchequer under this A'di to be entered separate from other Payments.

Exchequer Bills to be charged upon the Rates and Duties granted by this Ail.

Surplus Monies to be carried to Conlolidated Fund.

B 4

CAP.

Hosted

C. 6.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

36 G.

$x.

3- c.7.

,0

S-

^r"<

//V2^t/2

^•!'e laid Pro-l0ns made ierPetual.

CAP. VI.

An A£l to make perpetual certain Parts of an Add of the Thirty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Safety and Prefervation of His Majefty’s Person and Government against Treafonable and Seditious Pradbices and Attempts; and for the Safety and Prefervation of the Person of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent against Treafonable Pradbices and Attempts.	[17th	March 1817.]

<	TTTHEREAS by an Adi passed in the Thirty sixth Year of

<	VV His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the Safety and Prefervation of His Majejly’s Person and Government against Treafonable and Seditious Practices and Attempts, it was amongst other Things enacted, that if any Person or Perfons

5 whatsoever, after the Day of the palling of that Adt, during the

5	natural Life of His Majesty, and until the End of the next Sefiion

6	of Parliament after the Demife of the Crown, should, within the c Realm or without, compass, imagine, invent, devise or intend 1 Death or Deftrudlion, or any bodily Harm tending to Death or c Deftrudlion, Maim or Wounding, Imprifonment or Reftraint of 6 the Person of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, or to deprive c or depose Him or them from the Stile, Honour or Kingly Name c of the Imperial Crown of this Realm, or of any other of His Ma-c jelly’s Dominions or Countries, or to levy War against His e Majesty, His Heirs and Succeftors, within this Realm, in order by £ Force or Conftraint to compel Him or them to change His or their 4 Meafures or Counfels, or in order to put any Force or Conftraint c upon or to intimidate or overawe both Houfes or either House of c Parliament, or to move or stir any Foreigner or Stranger with

*	Force to invade this Realm or any other His Majefty’s Dominions

*	or Countries under the Obeifance of His Majesty, His Heirs and c Succeffors, and such Compafsings, Imaginations, Inventions, De-c vices or Intentions, or any of them, Ihould express, utter or declare,

*	by publilhing any Printing or Writing, or by any overt Adi or € Deed, being legally convicted thereof upon the Oaths of Two c lawful and credible Witneffes upon Trial, or otherwise convicted 1 or attainted by due Courfe of Law, then every such Person, and c Persons so as aforesaid offending Ihould be deemed, declared and

*	adjudged to be a Traitor and Traitors, and Ihould suffer Pains of c Death, and also lose and forfeit as in cases of High Treafon :

*	And Whereas it is necessary and expedient that such of the Pro-c visions of the said Adi as would expire at the End of the next c Seflion of Parliament after the Demife of the Crown Ihould be € further continued and made perpetualBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every the hereinbefore recited Provifions which relate to the Heirs and Succeffors of His Majesty, the Sovereigns of these Realms, fhali be and the fame are hereby made perpetual.

f II. And Whereas, in consequence of the daring Outrages offered £ to the Person of His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of the

‘ United

Hosted by

57° GEO. III.

9

C. 6.

4 United Kingdom of Great Britain andIreland, in the Exercife and

*	Adminiftration of the Royal Power and Authority to the Crown

*	of these Realms belonging, in His Paffage to and from the Parlia-c ment, at the Opening of this present Seflion, it is expedient, for 6 the Security and Prefervation of the Person of the fame His Royal 4 Highness The Prince Regent, to extend certain of the Provifions

6 of the said A61Be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Compafling, kc,

Persons whatsoever, after the Day of palling this Adi, during the the Death, Bo-

Period in which His Royal Highness The Prince Regent shall re- dily^Harm, &c.

main in the Perfonal Exercife of the Royal Authority, shall, within	^ncTex-

the Realm or without, compass, imagine, invent, devise or intend preffing’theiame

Death or Deftrudlion, or any bodily Harm tending to Death or by Printing, &c,

Deftrudlion, Maim or Wounding, Imprifonment or Reftraint, of the

Person of the fame His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, and

such Compafiings, Imaginations, Inventions, Devifes or Intentions,

or any of them, shall express, utter or declare, by publishing any

Printing or Writing, or by any overt Adi or Deed, being legally

convidled thereof upon the Oaths of Tivo lawful and credible Wit-

neffes upon Trial, or otherwise convicted or attainted by due

Courfe of Law, then every such Person and Persons so as aforefaid

offending shall be deemed, declared and adjudged to be a Traitor and

Traitors, and shall suffer Pains of Death, and also lose and forfeit as

in cases of High Treafon.	High Treason,

1 III. And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provifions of a 6 certain Adi passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the 4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 for regulating c Trials for High Treafon and Mifprifion of Treafon in certain c cases Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the palling Extending Pro of this Adt, all and every the Clauses, Provifions and Regulations visions of 39 & in the said Adi contained shall extend and be deemed, taken and con- 4°2-* ^c* llrued to extend, to all and every case of High Treafon in -com- Hi‘hnefs°The palfing or imagining the Death of His Royal Highness The Prince Pnhce Resent, Regent, and Mifprifion of such Treason, where the overt A cl or overt Adis which shall be alleged in the Indidfment for such Offence shall be Alfalfmation or Killing of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, or any direct Attempt againll his Life, or any direct Attempt againll His Person whereby His Life may be endangered or His Person may suffer bodily Harm.

IV.	Provided, and be it further enacted, That all and every Per- persons nccufcd son and Persons that shall at any Time be accused, or indidled or pro- ot High Treafon fecuted for any Offence made or declared to be High Treafon by this entitled 10 the Adi, shall be entitled to the Benefit of the Adi made in the Seventh Benefit of Year of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An ^ 7 Ann /al A8 for regulating of Trials in Cafes of Treafon and Mifprifion of except in cases, Treason; and also to the Provifions made by another Adi, passed in herein men-the Seventh Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An A8 tioned. for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms ; save and except in cases of High Treafon in compafiing or imagining the Death of any Heir or Succeffor of His Majesty, or the Death of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, and of Mifprifion of such Treason, where the overt Adi or overt Adis of such Treafon which shall be alleged in the Indidtment for such Offence shall be Affafiination or Killing of any Heir or Succeffor of His Majesty, or Affafiination or Killing of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, or any diredl

Attempt

Hosted

Provifo for Pro-fecutions to which Persons would be liable if this Act had not palTed.

54 G. 3. c. 146.

as to Judgments extended to this Adt.

37 G.3.C.70. G. B. and 37 O. 3.1.

revived and made perpetual.

C.o, 7-	57°	GEO.	Ill,	A.D.1817.

Attempt agamft the Life of any Heir or SuccefTor of His Majessy, or any such Attempt againll the Life of the Prince Regent, or any direct Attempt against the Person of any Heir or SuccefTor of His Majessy, or againll the Person of The Prince Regent, whereby the Life of such Heir or SuccefTor, or the Life of The Prince Regent, may be endangered, or the Person of such Heir or SuccefTor, or of The Prince Regent, may suffer bodily Harm.

V.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Adt contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent or affect any Profecution, by Information or Indidtment, to which any Person or Persons would have been or would be liable if this Adt had not been enacted, for any Offence within the Provifions of this Adt, unless the Party shall have been fir ft prosecuted under this Adt,

VI.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Statute of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to alter the Punifhment in certain cases of High Treafon> shall have the fame Effedt as to Sentences and Judgments to be pronounced and awarded under this Adt, as if this Adt had been made and passed before the said Adt of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign.

CAP. VII.

An Adi to revive and make perpetual Two Adts of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majessy, the one in the Parliament of Great Britain, and the other in the Parliament of Ireland, for the better Prevention and Punifhment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majefty’s Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majessy, or to incite them to Mutiny or Difobedience.

[ 17 th March 18 17.]

( WHEREAS Two Adts were passed in the Thirty feventh

<	VV Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, the one in the Par-

<	liament of Great Britain, the other in the Parliament of Ireland,

<	each of them being intituled An Ad for the better Prevention and

<	Punifhment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majefly’s * Foroes, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His c Majessy, or to incite them to Mutiny or Difobedience : And Whereas c the said Adts were afterwards continued, but are now expired ; and ( it is expedient and necessary that the fame should be revived and « made perpetual ;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adt, the said hereinbefore mentioned Adts of the Thirty seventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Punifhments and Provifions therein contained, save the Claufes or Provifions therein respectively contained limiting the Continuance of the said Adts respectively, shall be and the fame arc hereby revived and made perpetual*

CAP.

Hosted

57° GEO. Ill,

C. 8,9,

11

CAP. VIII.

An Aft to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Aft of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Separation of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit dealers to fend out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight without Permit.	[i7th March 1817.]

* Y T7HEREAS an Aft was passed in the Fifty second Year of 52,	.3.	c.	149.

6 VV His present Majesty intituled An Aft to regulate the Sepa-6 ration of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit Dealers to fend 1 out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight 4 without Permit, until the End of Two Tears from the passing of 4 this Aft : And Whereas the said Aft was by an Aft made in the 6 Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty continued in force until 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and 4 seventeen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said first men-4 tioned Aft should be further continued : ’ Be it therefore enacted further con-by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and tinued. Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That the said first mentioned Aft shall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. IX.

An Aft for veiling all Eflates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Comptroller of the Barrack Department *, and for granting certain Powers to the said Comptroller.	[17th	March 1817.]

4	Y Y7 HEREAS an Aft passed in the Forty fifth Year of the 45 G. 3. c. 69. c VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for vefing 6 in the Barrack Mafler General for the Time being Eflates held or 4 occupied for the Barrack Service, and authorising him to fell the 4 fame, with the Confent of the Lords Commiff oners of His Majefy’s 4 Treasury : And Whereas another Aft passed in the forty eighth 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for 48 G 3. c. 122. 6 vefling all Eflates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in 4 the Commiff oners for the Affairs of Barracks, and for granting 4 certain Powers to the said Commiff oners : And Whereas another 4 Aft passed in the said Forty eighth Year aforesaid, intituled * An Aft to enable the Commiff oners for auditing Public Accounts > 48G. 3. c.90.

4 and the Commiff oners for the Affairs of Barracks respectively, to 4 fend and receive Letters and Packets on the Bufinefs of their Offices^

4	free of P of age : And Whereas the Affairs of the Barrack De-€ partment are now under the Management of a Comptroller of 4 the Barrack Department, appointed for that purpose by His

4 Majesty, and it is therefore necessary that all Meffuages, Lands,

5	Tenements and Hereditaments which were by the said Aft or have 4 since become vested in the said Commissioners, and all other Mef-4 fuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in any manner ufed

6	and occupied for the Service of the Barrack Department, ftiould

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

12

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Premifes vetted in Com mi (li oners for the Affairs of Barracks, under* recited A6t, and all Mettuages, &c. fiuce purchased, or which may be purchaled for the Barrack Department, shall be vetted in the Comptroller of the Barrack Department ;

hut on the fame Terms as they are now held in Truft for His Majesty.

Comptroller, with Confent of the Treasury, may fell Premises,

C.9.

* be veiled in the said Comptroller, and that the said Comptroller

* should be enabled to maintain and defend A&ions and Suits in

*	relation to all Contra&s made for the Service of the Barrack < Department, or in any manner relating thereto ; ’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That immediately from and after the palling of this A£t all Melfuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which were by the said A£l veiled in the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks for the time being, and also all Melfuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which have since been purchased or taken or are in any manner now held by any Person or Persons whatever in Trull for or for the Ufe of His Majetly, His Heirs and Succelfors, for the Service of the Barrack Department, either in Fee or for any Lives, or any Term of Years of any other or lelfer Interell, and all Eredlions and Buildings which now are or which shall be hereafter erected and built thereon, together with the Rights, Members, Eafements and Appurtenances to the fame respectively belonging, (other than and except such Melfuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as may be of Copyhold Tenure,) and from and after the Purchafe and Conveyance, Grant or Demife thereof, all other Melfuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall at any time or times hereafter be purchased by the Comptroller of the Barrack Department for the time being, or by any other Person or Persons by his Order, for the Service of the Barrack Department, and all Erections and Buildings which now are or which shall hereafter be erected and built thereon, with the Rights, Members, Eafements and Appurtenances to the fame respectively belonging, shall be and become, and remain and continue veiled in the Comptroller of the Barrack Department for the time being, and his Suc-celfor in the said Office, according to the Nature and Quality and Ellate and Interell of and in the fame Hereditaments and Premifes respectively ; and that upon the Death, Refignation or Removal of the present Comptroller, or of any future Comptroller or Comptroliers, all such Melfuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments re-fpedlively (other than and except as aforesaid) shall become veiled in. and be held by the succeeding Comptroller, and so in perpetual Succeffion according to the Nature and Quality and Ellate and Interell of and in the fame respectively, in Trull for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succelfors, for the Service of the Barrack Department, or for such other Public Service or Services as His^Majelly, His Heirs and Succelfors, shall from time to time be pleafecj. to di-re6l : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be con-flrued to veil the said Premifes upon other terms, with respect to former Proprietors, than those on which the fame are now veiled in the Person or Persons holding the fame in Trull for His Majesty*

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Comptroller for the time being, with the Confent and Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majelly’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or mote of them, (fuch Confent and Approbation to be certified by One of the Secretaries to the said Commissioners by Writing under his Hand,)-to fell, or in any manner to dispose of, or let or demise any of the

Met

Hosted

A.D.1817*

57° GEO. III.

C.9.

13

MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be veiled in the said Comptroller for the time being, with their re-fpe&ive Appurtenances, either by public Auilion or private Contrail ; and in due form of law, to convey, assign and make over the fame to any Person or Persons who shall be, willing to purchase or take the fame refpeilively ; and also to do any other Ail, Matter or Thing, in relation to any such MefTuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be deemed beneficial by the said Comptroller and the said Commilfioners to the Public Service,, in relation thereto or for the better Management thereof, which might be done by any Person having a like Interefl in MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; and no Contrails, Afiignments and Conveyances, in Law or Equity, heretofore made by the said Com-miflioners for Affairs of Barracks, shall be deemed invalid, or be in any manner impeached by reason of no Offer having been first made to any Person having adjoining Lands, or of whom the fame were first purchased ; any thing in the said recited Ails to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enailed, That the Monies to arise and be produced by the Sale of any of the said MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be fold under the Provifions of this present Ail, shall be paid by the refpeilive Purchafer or Pur-chafers thereof into the Bank of England, and shall be there placed to the Account of .the Comptroller of the Barrack Department for the^ time “being, or to such other Account in the Bank of England as the said Commilfioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall direil; and the Receipt of any One of the Cafhiers of the Bank of England for such Monies shall effeilually discharge the Purchafer or Purchafers by whom or on whose Account the fame shall be so paid into the Bank of England.

IV.	And be it further enailed, That it shall be lawful for the Comptroller of the Barrack Department for the time being, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, to bring, prosecute, maintain or defend any Ailion or Suit in refpeit of or in relation to any MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by this Ail veiled in him as aforesaid, or of any Trefpafs committed thereon, or Damage or Injury done thereto, and also in refpeil of or in relation to any Furniture, Stores or other Articles, Matters or Things, or any Goods or Chattels whatever belonging to the Barrack Department, or in the Cuflody or Charge of or used by any Officer of the Barrack Department or Person employed therein, and also for the Breach or Non Performance of any Contrail or Agreement, or of any Covenant therein, or for any Matter or Thing in refpeil of or in relation’to any Contrail or Agreement made by any Person or Persons whatever for the Service of the Barrack Department, or any other Matter or Thing relating to any of the Affairs under the Management or Control of the said Comptroller ; and in every such Ailion or Suit the said Comptroller for the time being shall be called “ The Comptroller of the Barrack Department,” without naming him ; and no such Suit or Proceeding commenced before the passing of this Ail by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks shall abate, but shall and may after the passing thereof be car-

• ried on and proceeded in by or in the Name of the said Comptroller,

as

and to do any other Ad in relation to the Premifes that shall be deemed beneficial for the Public Service,

Purchafe Money to be paid into the Bank.

Receipt of Cafhier to be a Difcharge.

Comptroller may bring and defend Actions.

How Comptroller to be styled in such Ad ion.

Hosted

Comptroller may administer Oaths.

On Comptroller quitting Office, Money Handing in his Name to be veiled in new Comptroller.

Letters and Packets to Comptroller of the Barrack Department, or lent by him or Deputy, to be free of Portage.

Sending any thing under Cover not relating to the Duties of the Office, Penalty iccl.

Bodies Politic, Sec. may agree for Enfranchife-

c. 9.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1817.

as he may deem lit; and no Sait or Proceeding hereafter commenced shall abate by the Death, Refignation or Removal of such Comptroller, any thing in any Adi or Adis of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary n'otwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enacted, That wherever any Accounts, or other Matters or Things relating to any Bufinefs or other Subjedls or Tranfadlions under the Management of the Comptroller of the Barrack Department, shall be to be verified by any Oath or Affidavit of any Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Comptroller of the Barrack Department, the Deputy Comptroller of the Barrack Department, or any Affiftant Infpedlor General of Barracks, or for any Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate, to administer an Oath and take an Affidavit in that Behalf.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall at any time hereafter stand or remain at the time of the Death or Refignation or quitting of Office of any Comptroller of the Barrack Department, in the Bank of England, in the Name of such Comptroller, shall forthwith veil in the Comptroller for the time being ; and from and after the Appointment of another Comptroller, all such Money shall forthwith veil in such Comptroller; and so from time to time in Succeffion.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets addressed to the Comptroller of the Barrack Department respectively for the time being, upon any Bufinefs or Affairs relating to the Duties of the Office of the said Comptroller, shall be free from the Duty of Postage; and also that all Letters and Packets lent by the Comptroller of the Barrack Department, or the Deputy Comptroller for the time being respectively, upon any Bufinefs or Affairs relating to any of the Duties of the Barrack Department respectively, in manner and form hereinafter directed, shall be sent free from the said Duty of Poftage ; and all such Letters and Packets respectively shall be under Cover, with the Words “ Purfuant to Adi of Parliament,'” and “ Barrack Office,” printed upon the fame ; and the Comptroller or his Deputy, or some Person to be nominated from time to time for that purpose by such Comptroller, and vvhofe Appointment for that purpose shall be transmitted to the Poll Office, shall write his Name under the fame ; and they and each of them are and is hereby strictly prohibited from enclosing or fending under such Covers any Writing, Paper, or Parcel whatever, excepting such as relate to the Duties of the said Office.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any such Comptroller or Deputy or Clerk as aforesaid respectively shall presume to fend or convey under any of the Covers aforesaid any Writing, Paper or Parcel other than those relating to the Duties of the Department, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Coils of Suit by any Person or Per-fons by Adlion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majeily’s Courts of Record at IVeJlmtnJler, wherein no Effoign, Privilege, Protedlion, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed ; one Moiety of which Penalty shall go to the Person who shall sue for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to and for the Ufe of His Majesty.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, and all Feoffees

or

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

G 9.

15

or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, and for all Tenants for Life and Tenants in Tail, and for the Hufbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Curators or Attornies, or such of the Owners or Proprietors of or Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments which have been taken or are now or which may hereafter be held by His Majesty, or by any Person in Truft for His Majesty, or in Truft for the Public Service, as shall be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, to contract and agree with such Comptroller or other Person or Persons authorized by him, either for the absolute Sale of any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for the Enfranchifement of any Copyhold, or Sale of any Re-verfton after any Eftate or Eftates for Lives, or for the Grant of any Lease, either for any Term of Years certain therein, or for such Period as the Exigency of the Public Service shall require, and to convey, surrender, demise or grant the fame accordingly ; and all such Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, Enfranchifements, Surrenders, Leafes and Agreements shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

X.	And be it further enabled, That in every such case of Pur-chafe of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any such Reverfion as aforesaid, or of the Enfranchifement of any Copyhold, or Purchafe of any other Intereft belonging to any such Body or other Person or Persons under any Difability or Incapacity, or not having the absolute Intereft therein, the fame shall be paid into the Hands or into the Name of the Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer of His Ma-jefty’s Court of Exchequer at Wejltninjler, Edinburgh, or Dublin respectively, for the time being, for the Ufe and Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, who is hereby authorized and required to receive or accept and to give a Difcharge for the fame, and upon the Acceptation or Receipt thereof to sign a Certificate to the Barons or Judges of the said Courts of Exchequer respectively under his Hand, purporting and signifying that such Money or other Confideration was received or accepted by and paid to him in pursuance of this Adi, for the Ufe and Benefit of such Owners or Proprietors who shall be named and described in such Certificate ; and the said Certificate shall be filed or deposited in the said Court of Exchequer at Wejltninjler, Edinburgh or Dublin respectively ; and a true Copy thereof, signed by the Deputy Remembrancer of such Court, shall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned ; and the said Deputy Remembrancer is hereby required, upon Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, to pay the fame into the Bank of England, or Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of Ireland, as the case may require ; and immediately upon the filing or depoiiting of such Certificate the said Lands or Hereditaments shall be and become veiled in the said Comptroller or other Person for the Public Service, to the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That the Barons or Judges of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin, of the Degree of the Coif, for the time being respectively, or any one or more of them, shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered in a summary way, upon Motion or by Petition for and

on

ment and for Sale of Lands,

Such Contrails, See. valid.

Purchafe Money to be paid to Deputy Remembrancer of Exchequer, for Owners of Lands, See. and to be certined to the Exchequer;

Copy of Certificate signed by Deputy Remembrancer Evidence,

One of the Barons of the Exchequer may give Dire6tious as to the Appli. cation of the Money on Petition or Motion.

Hosted

16

C> 9,10.

57'5 GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

On Death, or Removal of Deputy Remembraneer, Money Scc. to vest in Succeflor.

The Powers of Deputy Remembrancer to vest in the King’s Remembrancer executing the Office in Per Ion.

43	3-

on behalf of any Person or Persons interested in or entitled to the Benefit of the Money so paid to and received by the Deputy Remembraneer, or the Intereil or Produce thereof, and upon reading the Certificate directed to be signed by the said Deputy Remembrancer concerning the fame as aforesaid, and receiving such further Satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such Orders and Directions for paying the said Money or any Part of the fame, or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal in the Public Funds, or upon Government or Real Securities, and for Payment of the Dividends or Intereil thereof, or any Part thereof, to the refpeCtive Persons entitled to receive the fame, or for laying out the Principal or any Part thereof in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon the fame Ufes, Trusts, Intents and Purpofes as the said Lands and Hereditaments so taken flood fettled at the time of the Payment of such Money as aforesaid, as near as the fame can be done, or other-wife concerning the disposing of the said Money or any Part thereof, and the Intereil of the fame or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Person and Persons entitled to and interested in the fame re-fpedlively, or for appointing any Person or Persons to be Truftee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposes, as the said Court shall think just and reasonable.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That upon the Death or Removal of any such Deputy Remembraneer, all Stocks and Securities veiled in him by virtue of this Adi shall vest in the succeeding Deputy Remembraneer, for the Purpofes hereinbefore mentioned, without any Aftignment or Transfer ; and all Monies paid into .the said Banks respectively in pursuance of this Adi, or remaining in the Hands of any Deputy Remembrancer at his Death or Removal, and not veiled in the Funds, or placed out on Securities as aforesaid,r shall be paid over to the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer for the time being.

XIII.	And be it further enacted and declared, That if in any case the King’s Remembrancer shall execute the said Office in Person, then and in such case the several Trusts, Powers and Authorities by this Adi veiled in the said Deputy Remembrancer and his Suc-ceffors, shall, during such time as no Deputy Remembrancer shall be • appointed, be vested in and be executed by the said King’s Remembrancer for the time being,

CAP. X.

An Adi to regulate the VefTels carrying Paflengers from the

United Kingdom to certain of His Majefly’s Colonies in

North America.	[17th March 1817.]

« IIJ HE REAS by an Adi palled in the Forty third Year of 4 W His present Majesty, intituled An A6t for regulating the 4 Veffels carrying Pajfengers from the United Kingdom to His Ma-4 jefy’s Plantations and Settlements abroad or to Foreign Parts, with 4 respect to the Number of such Pajfengers, certain Regulations were 4 made with respect to the Number of Paflengers to be conveyed on 4 board Britiflo and Foreign Veffels, from the United Kingdom to.

4 Elis Majefty’s Colonies abroad, and to Foreign Countries; And 4 Whereas it is expedient to make special Regulations with refpedl

* to

Hosted

A.D.mT.

57° GEO, III.

C. 10.

17

* to the Conveyance of PafTengers to certain of His Majefty’s Co-€ ionics in North Americaf Be it therefore enadfed by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and Not’to appjy t0 after the palling of this A6f nothing in the aforesaid A£f of the Ericiih Veirels Eorty third Year of His present Majesty shall be deemed or taken to carrying Paf-apply to any British Ship or Velfel carrying PafTengers to the Pro- fenSers to vinces of Upper or Lower Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunfwicky ana a* ^c* Cape Breton or Prince Edward’s IJland; anything in the said A61 to the contrary notwithstanding.

IT. And be it further enabled, That from and after the palling of No Veflel shall this Adf no Ship or Velfel shall fail with PafTengers from any Port fail to Canada, or Place in the United Kingdom to any Port or Place in Upper or &c- unless the Lower Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunfwicky Cape Bretony or ^o^Bond^th^t Prince Edward’s IJland, unless the Mather or other Person having t^ere not or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Velfel, be taken on and the Owner or Owners thereof, shall, before the failing of such board more Paf-Ship or Velfel from any Port or Place as aforesaid, enter into Se- fengers than by curity by Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccelTors, in the [0^e^ ^c" Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, with Condition that there shall not be taken on board any such Ship or Veflel any more such Paf-fengers than are hereinafter permitted and allowed, and that every Paflenger, if alive, shall be landed at the Port or Place to which such Paflenger shall have contracted to be conveyed ; which Bond shall be taken by and depolited with the ColleCtor and Comptroller or other Principal Officer of His Majefty’s Cuftomsat the Port from which such Ships or Veflels shall fail; and the Mailer or other Person Lift of Paflen-having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Veflel, gers to be de-previous to his leaving the said Port, shall and is hereby required bvered in man-to deliver to the said Collector and Comptroller or other Principal ner kere"* Officer of His Majefty’s Cuftoms at the said Port, a Lift contain- mentl01ie ing the Number of the said Palfengers, with their Names, Ages and Defcriptions, and the Places to which they are to be refpedt-ively conveyed, for the Purpofe of being registered at such Port, together with a Copy of the fame, which Copy shall be certified by the said Officers as being correCl and true, and delivered to the And a Copy Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of thereof to be such Ship or Veflel, to be by him kept on board the said Veflel, and certified by Of-fubjeCt to the InfpeCtion of any of His Majefty’s Ships of War or and^delive^ed^o* Veflels in the Service of His Majefty’s Cuftoms or Excife during the Mafter, to his Voyage to the aforesaid Colonies ; and upon the Arrival of such be kept by him Ship or Veflel at either of the aforesaid Colonies the said Mafter for the Infpec-or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such tion of Ships of Ship or Veflel shall deliver the aforesaid Copy of the Lift to the ar* C* Governor of such Place or other Person acting for him, or to the Naval Officer or Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port of Arrival, or to the nearest Juftice of the Peace, who shall be required to examine the Palfengers within Twenty four Hours after their Arrival ; and no such Paflenger as aforesaid shall be allowed to land until such Lift is compared with the Palfengers by the Governor or other Per-fon ailing for him, or some Person authorized by either of them for that Purpofe.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if the Mafter or other Per- Taking more 57 Geo. III.	C	fon	IknTengm than

Hosted

C. 10.

37° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Palfengersto be apportioned according to the Tonnage of the VelTeL

How Tonnage of Veflels to be taken.

Number allowed, son having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Veflel Pena ty 50 . shall take or have on board his Ship or Veflel, or if the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Veflel shall engage to take on board, more Persons than the Number allowed, they shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Person so taken or engaged to be taken on board,

IV.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the palling of this A61 it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Veflel from any Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or from Guernsey and Jerjey, to carry to any Port or Place in Upper or Lower Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton or Prince Edwards IJland, a greater Number of Paflengers than in the Proportion of One adult Person or of Three Children under Fourteen Years of Age for every One Ton and a Half of the Burthen of such Ship or Veflel; and every such Ship and Veflel shall be taken to be of such Tonnage or Burthen as is described and fet forth in the respective Certificate of the Regiftry of each and every such Ship or Veflel granted in pursuance of the several A6ts in force in Great Britain and Ireland refpe£tively relating to such Certificates; and if any such Ship or Veflel shall be partly laden with Goods, Wares or Merchandize, then it shall not be lawful for the Mailer or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Veflel to receive or take on board a greater Number of Persons than in the Proportion of One adult Person or of Three Children under Fourteen Years of Age for every One Ton and a Half of that Part of such Ship or Veflel remaining unladen.

V.	And be it further enabled, That every such Ship or Veflel shall be furnished at the time of her Departure to commence the Voyage with at least Twelve Weeks’ Supply of good and whole-fome Water, so as to furnish a Supply of Five Pints of Water per Day for every such Paflenger exclusive of the Crew ; and the said Supply of Water shall be flowed below the Deck ; and every such Ship or Veflel shall also be furnished with such a Supply of Provi-fions as will afford an Allowance for every such Paflenger, exclusive of the Crew, during the said Period of Twelve Weeks, of One Pound of Bread or Bifcuit and One Pound of Beef or Three Quarters of a Pound of Porker Day, and also Two Pounds of Flour, Three Pounds of Oatmeal, or Three Pounds of Peas or Pearl Barley, and Half a Pound of Butter Weekly ; the Weekly Allowance to commence on the Day the Veflel puts to Sea.

VI.	And be it further ena6ted, That the Mafter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veflel failing to give out the Allowance of Provifions and Water hereinbefore specified shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawful Money for each and every such Negle6t and Omifiion.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That an Abftradt of this A61, stating the Number of Paflengers allowed to be taken, and the Daily and Weekly Allowance of Water and Provisions, shall be exposed in some conspicuous Part of the Ship or Veflel to which the said Paf-fengers have Recourse; in failure of which the Mafter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or

Penalty 10L Veflel shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

Penalties how to VIII. And be it further enacted. That all Penalties and Forfei-be recovered tures to be incurred under this A6t shall and may be recovered in

and applied,	12	a	fum-

Water and Provifions how to be apportioned.

Not giving out Allowance of Provisions, Penalty 10I.

Abflrafl of Aft to be exposed in tile Veffel.

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.10,11.

19

a summary Way on the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witnefles before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftice ur Juflices of the Peace of any County, County of a City, Riding1, Shire or Place in the United Kingdom, where such Ship or Veffel shall depart from or come to in or during such Voyage, or in a summary Way in any Court or Courts of Session having Jurifdidlion in the Port or Place at which such Ship or Veffel shall arrive ; and One Moiety of every Penalty to be recovered by virtue of this A61 shall go and be applied to the Ufe of His Majessy, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to the Ufe of such Person or Persons as shall first sue for the fame.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A61 shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal, alter or affedf any Law, Statute, Ufage or Cuftom now in force in the United Kingdom or within Great Britain or Ireland refpedfively, for the Reflridlion or Regulation of Artificers and others from or irt going or palling from any Part of the United Kingdom to Parts beyond Sea, or to regulate the Ships or Veffels carrying or conveying such Artificers, or the Mailers or Commanders or Persons having Charge of such Ships or Veffels ; but that all such Laws, Ufages and Cufloms shall remain in full Force and Effe£t to all Intents and Purpofes as if this A6t had not been made.

Provifo for Laws for the Regulation of Arti-ficers,&c.leaving the Kingdom.

CAP. XI.

An Acl to facilitate the Progrefs of Bufinefs in the Court of King’s Bench in WeJlminJler Hall. [17th March 1817.]

‘ TT7 HE REAS the Court of King’s Bench at WeJlminJler, by ‘ VV reason of the great Increafe of Bufinefs therein, has of late ‘ been much occupied during Term in the adding and justifying of

*	Special Bail, whereby other Bufinefs of great public Concern has

*	been much obflrudled and delayed ; and the fame Inconvenience is ‘ likely ilill to continue unless some Remedy is provided for the

*	fame : And Whereas it would tend materially to remedy this In-c convenience if One of the Judges of the fame Court should be en-

*	abled to fit and proceed, when Occafion should so require, upon c the laid Bufinefs of adding and justifying Bail in some Place in or

*	near to WeJlminJler Hall other than the usual Place of Sitting for

*	the whole Court, whilst others of the Judges of the fame Court i should proceed in the Difpatch of the other Bufinefs of the fame

*	Court in their ordinary Place of Sitting in WeJlminJler Hall J Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spirit-ual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for any One of One of the the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench at WeJlminJler, when Oc- Judges of K. B. cafion shall so require, to fit apart from the other Judges of the fame maY ^ aPart *°.r Court, in some Place in or near to WeJlminJler Hally for the Bufinefs ^in| ‘‘ of adding and justifying Special Bail in Caufes depending in the fame Bail whilst others Court, whilst others of the Judges of the fame Court are at the fame of the Judges time proceeding in the Difpatch of the other Bufinefs of the fame *re fitting. Court in Bank, in its usual Place of Sitting for that purpose in Wejl-

minjler Hall; and that the Proceedings so had by and before such One of the Judges so fitting apart for those Purpofes shall be as good

C 2	and

•9<>	C.	11,12.	57° GEO. III.	-A.D.I817-

and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were had before the Court assembled and fitting as usual in its ordinary Place of Sitting in Weftminijler HalL

CAP. XII.

An Adt for punishing Mutiny and Defertioir; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[2 I ft March 1817.]

Sentence of Tra importation in India, &c. to be notified by the Officer commanding in Chief to forne Judge of one of the Supreme Courts, who shall make Order lor such Tr a importation.

Officers and Sol-

[Th is Aft is the fame as 56 G. 3. c. 10. except as to Dates, Numbers of Foroes, lAc, and the Seftions that are here retained, and except also as to Schedule ( N).J

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Sentence of Tranfportation passed by any Court Martial holden in the East Indies, or in Saint Helena, or in His Majefty’s Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope or Ceylon, or in any Settlement occupied by His Majefty’s Forces beyond the Cape of Good Hope, is to be carried into execution, or Mercy shall be extended to any Offender liable to the Punifhment of Death by the Sentence of any such Court Martial, upon Condition of Tranfportation, the fame shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in Chief His Majefty’s Forces in India, or in Saint Helenay or at the Cape of Good Hopey or in the Ifland of Ceylon, or at any other Foreign Settlement, Istand, Territory or Country belonging to His Majeffy, within the Limits of the Charter of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in the Abfence of the Officer commanding in Chies, then by the Adjutant General for the time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature of the Prefidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, or the Chief Juftice or other Judge at the Ifland of Ceylon or the Cape of Good Hope, or any such other Settlement, Istand, Territory or Country respectively as aforesaid; and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Tranfportation of such Offender upon the Terms and for the time which shall be specified in such Notification ; and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other Adts consequent upon the fame, as any such Judge is authorized to make or do with refpedf to Offenders ordered to be tranf-ported by Sentence of the Criminal Courts in India; and the Governor and Council of such Presidency, or Governor of such Settlement, Istand, Territory or Country respectively, shall and they are hereby required to take Order for the Tranfportation of all such Offenders accordingly.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non CommiL

diers imprisoned floned Officer or Soldier, who shall be arrested and committed to upon a Charge Prifon upon a Charge of any Criminal Offence, shall receive any Part oVenc^ffiall	^rom	t^ie	Day	Commitment	till	the Day of his

forfeit Right to Return to the Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment to which Pay during their he shall belong, or which he shall be ordered to join ; provided that Confinement, if he shall be acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed?

he shall upon his Return to his Corps be entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay which were growing due during the time of hfs'Con-finement; but if he shall be convicted he shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Commitment during the time of his

Con-

Hosted

AD. 1817.

57° GEO. in.

C. 12.

Confinement as well under the original Commitment a9 under any Commitment consequent upon such Conviction, and until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment to which he shall belong, or which he shall be ordered to join : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, or if in Ireland the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the under Secretary for the Military Department, to order the Iffue and Payment to any such Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, during any such Commitment or Imprifonment, or either of them, or any Part thereof, of the Pay of any such Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, or of any Proportion of such Pay, or of any Arrears thereof, either during such Commitment or Imprifonment, or after the Difcharge of such Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, after ConviChion, or otherwise, as shall appear to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to such Chief or Under Secretary as aforesaid, to be proper; and the Order of the Secretary at War, or such Chief or Under Secretary in Ireland, as the case may require, for the Payment of such Pay or Arrears, shall be a sufficient Difcharge for such Payment.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such General Courts Martial, by their Sentence or Judgment, to inflict Imprifonment, solitary or otherwise, or Corporal Puniihment, not extending to Life or Limb, as such Court shall think fit, on any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier for Immoralities, Mifbehaviour or Negledl of Duty, or to adjudge a Forfeiture of all Benefit or Advantage as to Increafe of Pay, or as to Penfion which might otherwise have accrued to such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier from the Length or Nature of his Service: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any General Regimental Court Martial to award such Forfeiture of Benefit or Advantage as to Increafe of Pay or as to Penfion as aforesaid, except in cases of Defertion as before provided for.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this A6t, every Member affilling at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelifts, before the Judge Advocate, or his Deputy (who are hereby authorized to administer the fame) ; that is to fay,

‘ \/~OU shall well and truly try and determine, according to your

*	Evidence in the Matter now before you.

‘ So help you GOD.’

*	1	do	swear, That I will duly adminiller Juslice,

*	according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government 6 of His Majelly’s Foroes, and according to an A£l of Parliament 4 now in force for the Puniffiment of Mutiny and Defertion, and 4 other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or 6 Affe&ion ; and if any Doubts shall arise, which is not explained c by the said Articles, or A& of Parliament, according to my Con-

*	science, the best of my Understanding, and the Cullom of War in

*	the like Cases: And I further fv/ear, That I will not divulge the 6 Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by His Majessy,

*	or by some Person duly authorized by Him ; neither will I, 4 upon any account, at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover s the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Mar-

C 3	4	tial3

Provifo for liberty to Secretary at War, to issue Pay during Imprifon-ment or after Difcharge.

General Courts Martial may inflict Corporal Punifhment or Imprifonment, See. for Immoralities, &c.

Officers to be sworn..

Oaths to be taken by all Members of a General Court Martial.

Hosted

■22

C, 12.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

The Judge Advocate to be sworn.

The Oath.

In Sentences of Death, what Number of Officers shall concur, &c.

Hours of Trial.

Witnefles attending Courts Martial to be privileged from Arreft.

Witnefles not attending liable to be attached.

6 tial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witnefs, by a < Court of Juftice or a Court Martial, in a due Couri'e of Law.

‘ So help me GOD.’

And so soon as the said Oath shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words :

‘ ^	do	swear, That I will not upon any account,

‘ at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or ‘ Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless ‘ required to give Evidence thereof, as a Witnefs, by a Court of ‘ Juftice or a Court Martial, in a due Courfe of Law.

6 So help me GOD/

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender in such case by any General Court Martial, unless Nine Officers present shall concur therein ; (except such General Court Martial ffiall be holden in any Place beyond the Seas, out of His Majefty’s Dominions, or out of -any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa, or in Ne<w South Wales as aforesaid;) and in all cases where a Court Martial shall consist of more Officers than Thirteen, and also in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majefty’s Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa and in New South Wales as aforesaid, when the fame shall consist of a lesser Number of Officers, then such Judgment shall pass by the Concurrence of Two thirds at the least of the Officers present ; and no Proceeding or Trial ffiall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate Example : Provided also, that all Witnefles duly summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, ffiall, during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, and in going to and returning from the fame, be privileged from Arreft in like manner as Witnefles attending any of His Majefty’s Courts of Law are privileged ; and that if any such Witnefs ffiall be unduly arrested, he ffiall be discharged from such Arreft by the Court out of which the Writ or Procefs issued by which such Witnefs was arrested ; or if the Court out of which the Writ or Procefs issued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King’s Bench in London or in Dublin, or Court of Seffions in Scotland\ or Courts of Law in the Wejl Indies, according as the case shall require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge, by affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witnefs was arrested in going to or returning from, or attending upon such Court Martial ; and that all Witnefles so duly summoned as aforesaid, who ffiall not attend on such Courts, ffiall be liable to be attached in the Court of King’s Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Session or Sheriff’s Depute or Steward’s Depute, or their respective Subftitutes, within their several Shires and Ste war tries, in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the Wejl Indies re-fpedlively, upon Complaint made to the said Courts of King’s Bench, or Court of Session in Scotland, or Courts of I^aw in the Wejl Indies, in like manner as if such Witnefs had neglected to attend on a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

XXXIX. Pro-

Hosted

a.d. isrr-

57° GEO. III.

e. 12.

23

Licences may be granted for keeping Canteens, by two Justices, kc.

Perfonswho may apply for fuch

XXXIX. Povided always, and be it further enabled, That if Offenders beany Officer or Soldier, or any other Person subject to the Provifions y°nd SeaJ *c* of this Aft shall in any of His Majefty’s Dominions beyond the Seas, ^ried or elsewhere be)'-ond the Seas, commit any of the Offences for which ’ he may be liable to be tried by Courts Martial by virtue of this Aft* and shall after the Commiffion of any such Offence go or be sent to any other Station or Part of His Majefty’s Dominions in the Courfe of Service abroad, or come or be brought into this Realm, or into Jer/ey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the Iflands thereto belonging, before he be tried by a Court Martial for such Offence, such Officer or Soldier or other Person shall be tried and punished for the fame at such other Station or Part of His Majefty’s Dominions, or within the Realm, or any such Ifland as aforesaid, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, or any Two Magiffrates, within their re-fpeftive Jurifdiftions, to grant or transfer any Licence for felling Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in any House or Houfes or Premifes where more Houfes or Premifes than one shall be held together by the fame Person or Persons as a Canteen, or any Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquor by Retail, to any Person or Persons applying for the fame, who shall hold any Canteen under any Leafe thereof, or any Agree- _ . ment or other Authority from any Two of the principal Officers of Llcences* the Board of Ordnance, or from any Two of the late Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, or from the Comptroller or other proper Officer of the Barrack Department, without regard to the time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates specified or required in relation to the applying for or granting any such Licences, any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall also be lawful for His Majefty’s Commissioners of Excife in jEngland, Ireland and Scotland respectively, or any Person appointed or employed by the said Commissioners in England or Ireland respectively in that Behalf, or for any Colleftors or Supervifors of Excife within their respective Diftrifts, and they are hereby required to grant Licences for felling Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry to be drank or consumed in the Houfes or Premifes occupied as a Canteen of the Person or Persons applying for such Licence, or any Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquors by Retail, to any such Person or Persons who shall hold any such Canteen under any such Licence or Transfer of any such Licence of any Juftice or Magiftrate as aforesaid ; and it shall also be lawful What Articles for any Person or Persons holding any such Canteen under any such Persons keeping Lease, Agreement or Authority as aforesaid, and having such C^meeas Licences as aforesaid, to keep such Canteen, and to utter and fell therein, and in the Premifes thereto belonging, and not elsewhere,

Viftuals and all such exciseable Liquors as he and they shall be licensed and empowered to fell under the Authority and Permiffion of any such Excife Licence as aforesaid, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more For the provid-regular Provifion of Carriages for His Majefty’s Forces in their ^ Force ^ ^ Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements in jEngland, Marching6in Ireland and Wales> and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all England and

C 4>	Juftices	Ireland,

24

C. 12.

Warrants to fpe-cify the Places to and lrom which the Carriages shall travel, and the Number of Miles,&c»

Sums for Hire to be paid in Hand at the same time.

No Penalty or Detention on account of Weight.

57° GEO. III.	A.D.	1817*

Justices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Ridings, Divi-fions, Shires, Liberties, and Precindts, being duly required thereunto by an. Order from His Majesty, or the General of His Foroes, or the Matter General or Lieutenant General of His Majefty’s Ordnance, if in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, or by an Order from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or from the Officer commanding His Majefty’s Forces in Ireland, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, as often as such Order is brought and (hewn unto One or more of such Justices by the Quartermaster, Adjutant, or other Officer or Non Commiffioned Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Conftables or Petty Conftables of, or to any Constable or Conftables acting or having Authority to act in the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precindt, from, through, near or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company shall be ordered to march ; requiring them to make such Provifion of Carriages, and Horfes or Oxen, with able Men to drive the fame, as is mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen ; and specifying in such Warrants the Place or Places from and to which the said Carriages shall, by virtue of such Orders as aforesaid, be required to travel, also specifying the Number of Miles between the Places, for which Number of Miles only so specified Conftables or Petty Couftables are authorized to demand Payment, which shall not exceed the Day’s March of the Troops, as prescribed in the Order produced to the Magistrate, unless in case of pressing Emergency or Neceffity, and shall in no case whatever exceed Twenty-five Miles from the Place at which the March shall commence ; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Liberty, Divifion or Pre-cindl, then the Juftice or Justices of the Peace of the next adjoining County, Riding or Divifion shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to One or more of them by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant to the Conftables or Petty Conftables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Divifion or Precinst, as shall be most convenient for the Purpofes aforesaid, according to their respective Jurifdidlions, to make up such Deficiency ; and the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Constable or Petty Constable to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the same time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Ufe of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sums hereinafter mentioned respectively, for which respective Sums so received the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing (which Receipt need not be (lamped) to the Person or Persons paying the fame ; and such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Horfes, and Oxen and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furniffi the fame accordingly; and no Person owning or driving or causing to be driven any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture,

uor

Hosted

AJX1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.12.

25

nor fhall'any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage be Hopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain,

Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horfes or Oxen ; but it shall be lawful for any Owner of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to put any additional Number of Horfes or Oxen to those prescribed or paid for under this A<ft ; any thing in any Adf or A6ts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road, to the contrary notwithstanding ; and if any Military Officer or Officers, Officers forcing for the Ufe of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company Waggons to the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Waggon, travel more than Wain, Cart or Carriage to travel beyond the Diftance specified in Warrant^ eci-the Magiftrate’s Warrant, or shall not discharge the fame in due time ges or nof differ their return Home on the fame Day, if it be practicable, or shall charging in due suffer any Soldier or Servant (except such as are lick), or any Wo- time, or forcing man to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid ; or Constables, shall force any Constable or Petty Constable, by threatening or me-	Horfes

nacing Words, to provide Saddle Horfes for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horfes from the Owners, by themselves, Servants or Soidlers, every such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Penalty 51,

Two of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace of the fame County or Riding, who are to certify the fame to the Secretary of War in England, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under Secretary for the MilitaryDepartment, who is hereby authorized and required to give Orders for the Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the fame County or Riding, and for deducting the fame out of such Officer’s Pay.

i LXXV. And Whereas it may sometimes become neceftary, in in cases of Emer-4 cases of Emergency, to provide proper and speedy Means for the gency Juftices

*	Carriage and Conveyance, not only of the Arms, Clothes, Accou- ma7 be required 4 trements, Tents, Baggage and other Equipage of and belonging to t0 War~

4 His Majefty’s Forces in their Marches, but also of the Officers, [^Saddle ^ *

4 Soidlers, Servants, Women, Children and other Persons of and be- Horfes and Four 4 longing to such Forces : And Whereas it is expedient that Provi- wheeled Car-

*	fions should be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to such Or- riageslet to

*	ders as His Majesty or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Go- y^]*11^ a^°

4 vernor in Ireland may in such cases think fit to ilTue, in purfuance

4 of the Powers by Law vested in him for the Advancement of the 4 general Good and public Welfare of the Realm Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors in Inland, by His or their Order, distinctly stating that such case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence by the Under Secretary for the Military Department for the time being, to any General or Field Officer commanding His Majefty’s Forces in any Diftrift or Place, or to the Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provifions at Home, or Person a£ting in that Capacity, to authorize such General or Field Officers or Agent as aforesaid or Person aforesaid, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of His said Majesty, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices of the Peace within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Liberties

and

Hosted

Officers demanding them, to pay in hand for their Hire such Sums as the Justices shall dire£l.

ConHable to give a Receipt svith-

and Precin&s in England, Ireland, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned ; and such Juftice or Justices shall, when and as often as such Requifition in Writing as last mentioned shall be brought and shewn unto any One or more of such Justices, by the Quarter Mafter, Adjutant or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company so ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer in the Commiffariat Department, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Conftables or Petty Conftables of the County, Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precinct, from, through, near or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company shall be so ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make such Provilion, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person or Persons, and for any Ufe or Purpofe whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horfes, Coaches, Chaifes, and other Four wheeled Carriages usually let to Hire, or kept for that Purpofe ; and also of Boats, Barges, and other Veffels used for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, Lime, Manure, or of Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or any other Articles or Commodity whatsoever, upon any Canal or navigable River, with able Men and Horfes to drive, navigate and draw the fame, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant or Warrants therein specifying the Place or Diftance to which such Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffels and Men shall go and be conveyed, and allowing such Conftables sufficient time to make such Provision, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen ; and in case such sufficient Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veffels and Men cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Division, Hundred, City, Liberty or Precinct, then the next Juftice or Justices of the Peace of the next County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or PrecinCt shall, upon such Requifition in Writing as last aforesaid being brought or shewn to any One or more of them, by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Conftables or Petty Conftables of such next County, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Hundred or PrecinCt, for the Purpofes last aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency ; and the aforesaid Officer or Officers who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from the Juftice or Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriages, Horfes,. Boats, Barges or other Veffels therein mentioned, of the Constable or Petty Constable to whom the said Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby required at the same time to pay down in hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Ufe of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veffels, and Men, such reasonable Sum and Sums of Money as the said Juftice or Justices shall in and by his or their said Warrant or Warrants order and direCt, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hite of such and the like Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veffels, and Men, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular case, but making no Allowance for Poft Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River or Lock Tolls (which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable or payable in such and the like cases, for any such Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels, whilst employed in such Service, or returning therefrom) ; for which said respective Sum and Sums so received, the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in

Writing

Hosted

A.D. 1817.	57°	GEO.	III.	C. 12.

Writing (but without any Stamp) to the Person or Persons paying the fame, and such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having such Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffels, and Men, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffels, and Men, according to the Warrant or Warrants aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly ; and it fhali and may be lawful in such cases, to and for all and every Military Officer and Officers, for the Ufe of whom, or of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, such Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veflels shall be provided, in such cases to carry and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on the fame respectively, not only the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Baggage, Tents, and other Equipage of such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, but also the Officers, Soidlers, Servants, Women, Children and other Persons of and belonging to the fame, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding ; but if any such Officer or Officers shall force and constrain any Horse, Carriage, Boat, Barge or other Veffel to travel or proceed beyond the Diftance or Place to be allowed and specified in such Warrant or Warrants, without the special Licence or Order of One or more other such Juftice or Juf-tices of the Peace in that Behalf, and which Licence or Order One or more of such Juflices is and are hereby authorized and required to give and make at his and their reasonable Difcretion, every such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majefty’s Juflices of the Peace of the fame County, or Riding, Divilion, City, Liberty or Precinst, who are to certify the fame to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, who is hereby authorized and required to give Order for Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Juflices of the Peace of the fame County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Precindl, and for deducting the fame out of fucli Officer’s Pay.

LXXX. And be it further enabled, That the Number of Carriages to be allowed each Troop or Company in Ireland, shall be irom time to time regulated by Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in Proportion to the Eflablifhment of such Troop or Company; and the Sums ordered to be advanced as aforesaid, for the Payment of the Carriage of Baggage by the Officer or Officers respectively, shall be to them repaid by the Lords Commissioners of His Majeily’s Treasury for the time being, without Fee or Reward, on Oath made by such Officer or Officers before one of His Majefty’s Juflices of the Peace, or Chief Magiftrate of any City or Corporate Town, of his or their Payment of such Sum or Sums for Carriages as aforesaid, and an Account of the fame being produced by the Agent of the Regiment, which Account shall have been certified by the Quarter Mailer General to be charged conformably to the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and the Regulations prescribed by this A61.

* CXIX. And Whereas Soldiers absent from their Regiments \ on Furlough granted to them by their Commanding Officers are

6 fometimes

27

out Stamp, 2nd to order the Horfes, See. to be provided.

Military Officers may convey on them Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Baggage, Equip.-age, and also th« Officers, Soidlers, Servants, Women, Children and other Persons.

Officers forcing Horfes, &c. to travel beyond the Diftance specified in Warrant without Licence.

Penalty 5I.

Number of Carriages for each Troop in Ireland to be regulated by the Lord Lieutenant.

Hosted

C. 12.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 181 f.

Certain Officers and Justices may grant an Extenfion of Furlough to any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier applying for the fame, on account of Sicknefs, &c. on Certificate.

Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier whose Furlough shall have been extended, shall not be liable to be apprehended as a Deferter, &c.

Provifo as to Length of Extenfion.

Provifo as to Subfiftence of Men on Furlough.

Soldiers while confined forDebt not entitled to Pay.

* sometimes prevented by Sicknefs or other unavoidable Cafualty 4 from returning to their Duty before the Expiration of the time 4 limited by such Furlough, and Doubtsffiave arisen whether in such < cases the Extenfion of a Soldier’s Furlough by a Juftice of the 4 Peace be fan£tioned by legal Authority and effectual for prevent-4 ing such Soldier from being apprehended upon Sufpicion of his 4 having deserted his RegimentBe it further enacted, That any Infpe&ing Field Officer stationed on the Recruiting Service, or any Officer of the Rank of Captain, or of superior Rank, or any Adjutant of the Regular Militia, stationed within the Diftricft, or in case there be no such Officer as aforesaid within a convenient Distance, any Juftice of the Peace may, and is hereby authorized to grant, in Writing under his Hand, an Extenfion of Furlough to any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier applying for the fame on account of Sicknefs or other Cafualty, which shall on due Enquiry appear to render such Extenfion necessary ; and that every such Officer or Juftice of the Peace, who shall grant to any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier an Extenfion of Furlough as aforesaid, shall immediately certify the fame, with the Caufe of its being so granted to the Officer commanding the Corps, Depot or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, if not, then to the Agent of the Regiment, in order that the Proportion of Pay, to which the Man shall be entitled, may be remitted to him according to the Rules?-eftablifhed in that respect.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, during the Period to which his Furlough fhall' have been so extended as aforesaid, shall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwise molested on the ground of his having deserted the Regiment to which he shall appear by his Furlough to belong, or of criminally absenting himself from the fame : Provided always*, that nothing in this A£t contained shall be construed to exempt any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, whose Furlough shall. have been so extended as aforesaid, from being proceeded againfb and punished according to the Provifions of this A<5t, should it thereafter appear that such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier had obtained the Extenfion of his Furlough by false Reprefentation made to such Officer or Juftice of the Peace as aforesaid, or in applying for and obtaining the fame had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Difcipline: Provided also, that no such Furlough shall be extended by any such Officer or Juffice of the Peace as aforesaid for any longer Period than One Month, unless with the Approbation of the General or other Officer commanding in the Diftridt where such Soldier shall be, or of the Officer commanding the Corps, Depot or Detachment to which the Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier shall belong.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this A6t the Subfiftence of Men on Furlough shall be issued according to the Rules which have been or shall be prescribed by His Majefty’s Regulations.

CXXIV. And be it further enabled, That from the palling of this A£l no Soldier being arrested or confined for Debt in any Prifon, Gaol or other Place, shall be entitled to any Part of his Pay from the Day of such Arreft or Confinement until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment to which he shall belong, or shall be ordered to join.

SCHE-

Hosted

Aq p0}SOH

SCHEDULE (N.)

DESCRIPTION RETURN of	committed	to	Confinement at	on	the

Day of	as	a	Deferter	from	the	Battalion of the	Regiment	of

o

o

n

>

y

Age.	Size.		Complexion.	Colour of		Marks.	Probable Date of Inliftment, and in what Diftrift.	Probable Date of Defertion, and from whence.	Name, Occupation and Addrefs of Person by whom ap prehended.	-  Reafons for fuf-pebting the Pri-loner to be a Deferter.

	Feet.	Inches.		Hair.	Eyes.					

										

I do hereby certify that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me, as to the Circumftances herein stated, and has declared in my Prefence that he	a	Deferter	from the

before-mentioned Corps*

-----------—	■	■	■ Signature and Addrefs

of Magiftrate.

-	  Signature	of	Prifoner.

——--------------- Signature	of	Informant-

Enquiry* having been made as to the Pn-foner’s Health, it has been reported to me that he in a fit state to be removed.

-------------- Signature	of	Magiftrate.

* If any Military Medical Officer be at or near • the Place, he will infpedl the Deferter, and report as to his Fitnefs for Military Service.

14)

A.D. 1817.	57°	GEO.	III.	c.	12.

C. 12.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

oU

After March 25, 1817, every Marine Officer, Non Commillion ed Officer and Private Man,

who shall mutiny or desert,

&c.

or lift in any ether Regiment, Sr C.

or ffiall be found keeping on or

shall desert his ?oft, &c.

CAP. XIII.

An Aft for the regulating of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.	[21ft March 1817.]

c WT HEREAS it may be necessary, for the Safety of the United

*	VV Kingdom, and the Defence of the Pofieffions of the Crown € of Great Britain and Ireland, that a Body of Royal Marine ‘ Forces should be employed in His Majefty’s Fleet and Naval Ser-c vice, under the Direftion of the Lord High Admiral or Commif-‘ fioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the 6 United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And Whereas 1 the said Royal Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on 6 Shore, or sent to do Duty on board Tranfport Ships or Merchant ‘ Ships or Veffels, or Ships or VefTels of His Majesty not being in c Commission, where they will not be subject to the Laws relating to

*	the Government of His Majefty’s Forces by Sea ; yet neverthelefs

*	it being requisite, for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, ( that an exact difeipline be observed; and that Marines who ffiall c mutiny or stir up Sedition, or ffiall desert His Majefty’s Service, c be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Puniffiment than the 6 Law will allow Be it enacted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majeity, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, if any Person being entered or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or ffiall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Com-miffioned Officer or Private Man in any Divifion of Royal Marines in His Majefty’s Service, and on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, ffiall remain in such Service, or during the Continuance of this Aft ffiall be voluntarily entered and in pay as a Marine Officer or Private Man in His Ma-jefty’s Service, and being ordered or employed in such Service at any time during the Continuance of this Aft, on Shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, or 011 board any Tranfport Ship or Merchant Ship or Vefiel, ffiall begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company to which he doth or ffiall belong, or in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Foroes, in His Majefty’s Service ; or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny or intended Mutiny, ffiall not, without Delay, give information thereof to His Commanding Officer ; or ffiall desert His Majefty’s Service ; or being actually entered as a Marine in any Company, ffiall lift himself in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, or enter as a Seaman in His Majefty’s Service, without first having a Difcharge in Writing from the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he last served as a Marine, in which case he ffiall be reputed a Deferter; or ffiall be found keeping upon his Poll:; or ffiall leave it before relieved ; or ffiall hold Correfpondence with any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any ways or means, or in any manner whatsoever; or ffiall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without His Ma-

jefty’s

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. IS, 14, 15.

Si

jelly’s Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being ; or ffiall strike or use any violence against his Superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office ; or ffiall disobey any lawful command of his Superior Officer ; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any or either of the Matters before mentioned on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Ma-jefty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, or on board any Tranfport Ship or Merchant Ship or Veffel, ffiall suffer Death, or such other P.uniffiment as by a Court Martial ffiall be inflicted.

[This Aft is the fame as 56 G, 3. c. II. except as to Dates, &c. and the Seftion that is retained.]

CAP, XIV.

An A<fl to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for those purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attor-nies and Solicitors to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.	[21ft	March 1817.]

[This Aft is the fame as 56 G. 3.^. 33. except as to Dates* ]

CAP. XV.

An A£t to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an A£t of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

[21ft March 1817.]

6 \ Y7 HE REAS it is expedient that an ACt made in the Forty

*	VV sixth Year of His present Majefly’s Reign, intituled An Aft

*	for granting, during the Continuance of the present War and until c Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, ‘ an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silh Manufaftures

*	of Great Britain; which was continued by an A£t of the last Sef-4 fton of Parliament until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight

*	hundred and seventeen, ffiould be further continued ;9 Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said A& of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign ffiall be further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen,

II. And be it further enabled, That this A61 may be altered, amended or repealed by any A 61 or to be parted in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP.

or shall strike or disobey his Superior Officer ; to suffer Death, or such Puniih-ment as a Court Martial shall inffift.

46 G.3. c, no. continued.

Aft may be altered, Sec, this Session.

Hosted

32

C. 16, 17-

57° GEO. 111.

A.D.1817-

9 G- J-c.35' §3*

So much of recited A6t as relates to Pre~

CAP. XVI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.	[29th	March 1817.]

TREASURY may raise 18,000,000!. by Exchequer Bills, in 4< manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.— § 1. The Clauses, &c. in 44 recited A£t extended to this A 61. § 2. Treasury to apply the 44 Money railed. $ 3. Exchequer Bills payable out of Supplies 44 for next Seflion. $4, Intereft not exceeding 31 d. per Cent, per 44 Diem. § 5. Exchequer Bills to be current at the Exchequer after 44 Aprilj, 1818.— §6. Bank of England may advance 12,000,oool. 44 on Credit of A 61, notwithstanding 5 &6W. & M. c. 20. — A6t 44 may be altered, amended or repealed this Seflion. § 8.

CAP. XVII.

An A£t to repeal, during the Continuance of Peace, so much of an A 61 of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty as prohibits the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless the Preemption thereof be offered to the Com-miflioners of His Majefty’s Navy. [29th March 1817.] 4 IT 7 HE RE AS by an A 61 passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign 4 VV of his present Majesty, intituled An Ad for discontinuing, 4 upon the Exportation of Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Draw-4 back of such Part of the Duties payable thereon as exceeds the Duties 4 payable upon Iron imported in British Ships ; to prohibit the Expor-4 tation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless the 4 Preemption thereof be offered to the Commifftoners of the Navy ; to * repeal so much of an Ad made in the Sixth Tear of His present Ma~ 4 jejly’s Reign, as difeontinued the Drawback upon Foreign Rough 4 Hemp exported; for providing a Compenfation to the Clerks in the 4 Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantages such 4 Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Ad, made in the 4 Fourth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing 4 Frauds and Abufes in relation to the fending and receiving Letters 4 and Packets free from the Duty of Pojlage ; and to explain and amend 4 the said Ad ; it is amongst other Things enabled, that the Pre-4 emption or Refufal of all Pig and Bar Iron, Mafts, Yards, Bow-4 fprits, Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, Hemp, rough and undressed Flax, 4 and Tow, shall be offered and tendered to the Commissioners of 4 His Majefty’s Navy ; and that such Goods shall not be exported, 4 or entered or laden on board for Exportation, before such Tender, 4 or before a Certificate of such Tender and Refufal, shall be pro-4 duced and delivered to the Officer of the Cuftoms, under the Penal-4 ties and Forfeitures therein mentioned : And Whereas it appears 4 no longer necessary to provide, in time of Peace, a Supply of Naval 4 Stores for the public Ufe by such Reftraint on Exportation Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the passing of this A6fc, and during the Continuance of Peace, so much of the said A& as

relates

Hosted

C. 17, 18.

S3

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

relates to such Tender and Refufal of Preemption shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. XVIII.

An A£1 to facilitate the hearing and determining of Suits in Equity in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer at Wejiminfler.

[29th March 1817.]

‘ \TTHEREAS the Proceedings on the Common Law Side of ‘ VV the Court of Exchequer have of late Years greatly increaf-4 ed, by reason whereof a sufficient Proportion of time cannot be 4 allotted for hearing and determining Suits in Equity in the said 4 Court: And Whereas the Bufmefs of that Court might be more * easily dispatched if the Lord Chief Baron, or One other of the 4 Barons of the Degree of the Coif, were duly authorized to hear 4 and determine Suits and Proceedings on the Equity Side thereof,

4 as is hereinafter enabledBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Afl the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court for the time being shall have Power to hear and determine all Causes, Matters and Things which shall be at any time depending in the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Equity; and that if the said Lord Chief Baron shall by Sicknefs, or other unavoidable Cause, be prevented from fitting for the Purpofes aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty and His Succeflors to nominate and appoint from time to time, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, revocable at Pleasure, any one other of the Barons of the Degree of the Coif of the said Court for the time being to hear and determine such Causes, Matters and Things.

II.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Lord Chief Baron, or the Baron so to be appointed shall fit at such times as the Lord Chief Baron and such Baron shall refpec-tively, with regard to Matters to be heard before them respectively, appoint, and whether the rest of the Barons of the said Court shall be fitting or not; and that all Decrees, Orders, and A6ts of the said Lord Chief Baron, or of such Baron so appointed as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be respectively, as the Nature of the Cafe shall require, Decrees, Orders and Atfts of the said Court of Exchequer, and shall have Force and Validity and be executed accordingly ; subject only to be reversed, discharged or altered by the House of Lords, upon Appeal thereto, and as hereinafter mentioned.

III.	Provided that it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chief Baron, upon Petition by any of the Parties concerned, to rehear any Caufe or Matter before decided, ordered, adjudged or decreed by such Lord Chief Baron, or by any other Baron appointed as aforesaid ; and also for any Baron appointed as aforesaid, upon such Petition as aforesaid, to rehear any Caufe or Matter before decided, ordered, adjudged or decreed by him the fame Baron, and respectively thereupon to make such Order as may be just.

57 Geo. III.	D

CAP,

eruption, repealed.

The Lord Chief Baron empowered to determine Suits in Equity. If hindered, the King may appoint one other of the Barons.

To fit as the Lord Chief Baron, &c. shall appoint.

Decrees to have full Force; subject to Appeal to House of Lords.

Lord Chief Baron or Baron may on Petition rehear Causes, &c.

Hosted

34

c. 1?.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Meetings of more than Fifty Persons, (except County Meetings, See. as herein mentioned,)

nut to he holden uithout Notice Heine. given in Tome Nev/tpaper figried by Seven Houfekeepers at the least.

C A p. XIX.

An A £1 for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Affemblies.	[31ft March 1817.]

*	TT7 HE RE AS Aflemblies of divers Persons, colle£led for the 4 VV Purpofe or under the Pretext of deliberating on public c Grievances, and of agreeing on Petitions, Complaints, Remon-

*	{trances, Declarations or other Addreffes to His Royal Highness 4 The Prince Regent, or to both Houfes or either House of Par-4 liament, have of late been made use of to serve the Ends of fac-4 tious and seditious Persons, to the great Danger and Difturbance 4 of the Fublic Peace, have produced A&s of Riot, Tumult and 4 Diforder, and may beepme the Means of producing Confufion and 4 Calamities in the Nation Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That no Meeting of any Defcription of Persons exceeding the Number of Fifty Persons, (other than and except any Meeting of any County, Riding or Division, called by the Lord Lieutenant, Cuftos Rotulorum, or Sheriff of such County, or a Meeting called by the Convener of any County or Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called ScotlandU or any Meeting called by Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Meeting shall be holden, or any Meeting of any County having different Ridings or Divisions, called by any Two Justices of any One or more of such Ridings or Divisions, or any Meeting called by the major Part of the Grand Jury of the County, or of the Divifion of the County where such Meeting shall be holden, at their General Afiizes or General Quarter Seflions of the Peace, or any Meeting of any City or Borough or Town Corporate, called by the Mayor or other Head Officer of such City or Borough or Town Corporate, or any Meeting of any Ward or Divifion of any City, called by the Alderman or other Head Officer of such Ward or Division, or any Meeting of any Corporate Body), shall be holden for the Purpofe or on the Pretext of considering of or preparing any Petition, Complaint, Remon-ftrance or Declaration, or other Addrefs to The King, or to His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, or to both Houfes or either House of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters established in Church or State, or for the Purpofe or on the Pretext of deliberating upon any Grievance in Church or State, unless Notice of the Intention to hold such Meeting, and of the time and Place when and where the fame shall be proposed to be holden, and of the Purpofe for which the fame shall be proposed to be holden, shall be given, in the Names of Seven Perfons^at the least, being Houfeholders resident within the County, City or Place where such Meeting shall be proposed to be holden, whose Places of Abode and Defcriptions shall be inserted in such Notice, and which Notice shall be given by public Advertife-ment in some public Nevvfpaper usually circulated in the County and Divifion where such Meeting shall be holden, Five Days at the least before such Meeting shall be holden, or shall be delivered in manner hereinafter mentioned; and that such Notice shall not be inserted in any such Newfpaper unless the Authority to insert such Notice

fhall

Hosted

A.D, 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 19.

85

shall be signed by Seven Persons at the least, being Houfeholders resident within the County, City or Place where such Meeting shall be proposed to be holden, and named in such Notice, and unless such Authority so signed shall be written at the Foot of a true Copy of fucli Notice, and shall be delivered to the Person required to insert the fame in any such Newfpaper as aforesaid, which Person shall cause such Notice and Authority to be carefully preserved, and shall also at any time after such Notice shall have been inserted in such Paper, and within Fourteen Days after the Day on which such Meeting shall be had, produce such Notice and Authority, and cause a true Copy thereof (if required) to be delivered to any Juftice of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Place where such Person shall reside, or where such Newfpaper shall be printed, and who shall require the fame ; and in case any Person shall insert any such Notice in any Newfpaper without such Authority as aforesaid, or in case any Person to whom any such Notice and Authority shall have been delivered for the Purpofe of inserting such Notice in any such Newspaper as aforesaid shall refuse to produce such Notice and Authority, or to deliver a true Copy thereof, being thereunto required as aforesaid, within Three Days after such Production and Copy or either of them shall have been so required, every such Person, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the fame.

II.	Provided always nevertheless, and be it further ena£ted, That it shall be lawful to deliver any such Notice as aforesaid, signed by the Seven Persons in whose Names such Notice shall be given, with their Places of Abode and Description, Five Days at the least before the Day on which such Meeting shall be holden, to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division, within which such Meeting shall be proposed to be holden ; and such Notice so given by such Means as aforesaid shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been given by Public Advertifement inserted in any such Newfpaper as aforesaid ; and such Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith and without Delay, fend a true Copy of such Notice, with such Signatures and Additions as aforesaid, to Three Justices of the Peace at the least, of such County, Riding, or Division, or in case the Justices of the Peace of the City, Borough or Town where such Meeting shall be proposed to be holden, shall have exclusive Jurifdiction, then to Three of such Justices, if so many shall then be resident within such JurifdiCtion, and if not, then to so many of such Justices as shall be resident within such exclusive JurifdiCHon.

III.	And be it further enadfed, That all Meetings of any Defcription of Persons, exceeding the Number of Fifty Persons, other than and except as aforesaid, which shall be holden without such previous Notice as aforesaid, for the Purpofe or on the Pretext of conlidering of or preparing any Petition, Complaint, Remonftrance, Declaration or other Addrefs to The King, or Prince Regent, or both Houfes or either House of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters established in Church or State, or for the Purpofe or on the Pretext of deliberating on any Grievance in Church or State, shall be, deemed and taken to be unlawful Affemblies.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to adjourn any Meeting that shall be holden under and by virtue of such previous Notice, to any time after the Day specified in fuch

D 2	Notice,

Such Avithomy signed to be written st the Foot of a true Copy of Notice, &c.

Inferting such Notice without Authority, Sec.

Penalty 50I.

Notice may be given to Clerk of the Peace, who shall fend a Copy toThree J uftices at the least.

Meetings without Notice to be deemed unlawful Aftemblies.

Reipe£Vmg Ad journmems of Meetings, ire.

Hosted

3'S

C. 19.

57° GEO; I IK

AvTemblinc contrary to A A not dilperuilg within one Hour after being required so to do by Proclamation to the Number of T-welve or more,

Death.

1'orm of Proclamation.

Klee tings held in jmrfuance of Notice, where Notice exprelTcS certain Particulars herein mentioned, to be dif-pe-rlu-d by Proclamation.

A.D, 13i:

Notice, for holding such Meeting,, or to any other Place than that at which such Meeting shall first be holden in pursuance of such previous Notice ; and that any Meeting of any Defcription of Per-fons, exceeding the Number of Fifty Persons (except as aforesaid), which shall be holden by way of or under Pretence of being, an Adjourned Meeting, for the Purpofe of or on the Pretext of confi-dering of or preparing any Petition, Complaint, Remonftrance, Declaration or other Addrefs to The King, or Prince Regent, or both Houfes or either House of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters established in Church or State, or for the Purpofe or on the Pretext of deliberating on any Grievance in Church or State, shall be deemed and taken to be an unlawful Aflembly.

V.	And be it further enabled, That if any Persons exceeding the Number of Fifty fhallbe assembled contrary to the Provifions hereinbefore contained, it shall and may be lawful for any One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff of the County in which such Aflembly shall be, or his Under Sheriff, or the Mayor or other Head Officer or Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate where such Aflembly shall be, by Proclamation to be made in The King’s Name, in the Form hereinafter directed, and he and they are hereby required to make or cause to be made Proclamation in the King’s Name, to command all Persons there assembled to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations, or to their lawful Bufinefs ; and if any such Persons shall, to the Number of Twelve or more, notwithstanding such Proclamation made, remain or continue together by the Space of One Hour after such Proclamation made, that then such continuing together to the Number of Twelve or more shall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall fufler Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VI.	And be it further etiacted, That the Order and Form of the Proclamation to be made as aforesaid, shall be as hereafter fob lovveth ; (that is to fay,) the Juftice of the Peace, or other. Person, or One of the Justices of Peace, or One of the other Persons authorized by this A& to make the said Proclamation, shall, among the said Persons assembled,- or as near to them as he can safely come, with a loud Voice, command or cause to be commanded Silence to be while Proclamation is making ; and after that shall openly and with loud Voice make or cause to be made Proclamation in these Words, or like in Efsect:

“ Our Sovereign Lord the King chargeth and commandeth “ all Persons here assembled immediately to disperse them-a selyes, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations or “ to their lawful Bufinefs, upon Pain of Death.

“ GOD SAVE THE KING I”

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Meeting shall he holden in pursuance of any such Notice as aforesaid, and such Notice, or any Matter which shall be in such Notice proposed to be propounded or deliberated upon at such Meeting shall express or purport that any matter or thing by law established may be altered, othervvife than by the Authority of The King, Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled, or such Notice, or any matter therein contained, shall tend to incite or stir up the People to Hatred or

Contempt

Hosted

A. D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 19.

57

Contempt of the Person of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, or of the Government and Conftitution of this Realm as by Law efta-bliffied, it shall be lawful for One or more Juftice or Justices of <he Peace, or the Sheriff of the County where such Meeting shall be, or his Under Sheriff, or for the Mayor or other Head Officer, or any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate where any such Meeting ffiall be, by Proclamation in The King’s Name, in the manner and Form hereinbefore fet forth, to command the Persons there assembled to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations, or to their lawful Bufinefs ; and if any Persons, to the Number of Twelve or more, being so Persons to the commanded by Proclamation made, to disperse themselves and Number of peaceably to depart to their Habitations or to their lawful Bufinefs, d^GeiVn ^ ffiall, to the Number of Twelye or more, notwithstanding such Pro- within one Hom-clamation made, remain or continue together by the Space of One after Proclama-Hour after such Proclamation made, that then such continuing tion made, together, to the Number of Twelve or more, ffiall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein ffiall be adjudged Felons, and ffiall suffer Death as in cases of Felony, with- Death, out Benefit of Clergy.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any one or more Juftice Obftru£fing Juf-

or Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff or Under Sheriff of the	jers^'

County, present at any Meeting therein requiring such Notice as j^0 Cuftody, aforesaid, or the Mayor or other Head Officer, or Juftice of the

Peace or Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate, present at any Meeting therein requiring such Notice as aforesaid, ffiall fee Cairfe to order, and ffiall order any Person or Persons who ffiall at such Meeting proceed to propound or maintain any Propofttion for altering any thing by Law eftabliffied, otherwise than by the Authority ot The King, Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled, or ffiall wilfully and advisedly make any Propofttion, or hold any Difcourfe for the Purpofe of inciting and stirring up the People to Hatred or Contempt of the Person of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, or the Government and Conftitution of this Realm as by Law eftabliffied, to be taken into Cuftody to be dealt with according to Law ; then and in case the said Juftice or Justices, Sheriff or Under Sheriff, Mayor, Head Officer or Magiftrate present at such Meetings refpediively, or any of them respectively, or any Peace Officer acting under their or any of their Orders, ffiall be obstructed in taking into Cuftody any Person or Persons so ordered to be taken into Cuftody, it ffiall be lawful for any such Juftiee or Justices, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, Plead Officer or Magiftrate respectively, thereupon to make or cause to be made such Proclamation as aforesaid in manner and Form aforesaid ; and if any Persons to the Number of and Proc}ama-Twelve or more, being commanded by such Proclamation to disperse ^l^ereu^on themselves and peaceably to depart as aforesaid, ffiall to the Number made, and Per-of Twelve or more, notwithstanding such Proclamation made, remain tons to the Num-or continue together by the Space of One Hour after Proclamation ber of Twelve or made, that then such continuing together to the Numbermf Twelve ^0Jre re^ldll‘b1§ or more ffiall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the j^err 1 a° ne Offenders therein ffiall be adjudged Felons, and ffiall suffer Death as Death, ia case of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That every Juftice and Justices of Power to Juf-tke Peace, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor and other Head Officer tices to resort to

D 3	and	Alferoblies, and

Hosted

C. 19.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

require AfHIl-auce of Civil Power.

Persons not dif-j»erfing within O ue Hour to be apprehended and proceeded against.

Jullices, &c. indemnified in case of killing or maiming.

and Magiftrate aforesaid, is and are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, on Notice or Knowledge of any such Meeting or Affembly as is hereinbefore mentioned, to resort to the Place where such Meeting or Affembly shall be, or shall be intended to be holden> or to any Part thereof, and there to do or order, or cause to be done, all such A6ts, matters and things as the case may require, which they are hereby enabled to do or order to be done, or which they are otherwise by Law enabled to do or order to be done ; and it shall be lawful for all and every Jullices of the Peace, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, Head Officer and Magiftrate respectively as aforesaid, to take and require the Affiftance of any Number of Conftables or other Officers of the Peace within their respective Diftri&s, or within the Diftrift or Place wherein every such Meeting as hereinbefore mentioned shall be holden, which Conftables and other Officers of the Peace are hereby required to attend accordingly, and to give such Affiftance as shall be necessary for the due Execution of this A&.

X. And be it further enacted. That if such Persons so assembled as aforesaid, or Twelve or more of them, after Proclamation made in manner and Form aforesaid, shall continue together and not disperse themselves within One Hour, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for every Juftice of the Peace, Sheriff or Under Sheriff of the County where such Affembly shall be, and also to and for every High or Petty Constable, and other Peace Officer within such County, and also to and for every Mayor, Juftice of the Peace, Head Officer, Magistrate, High or Petty Constable, and other Peace Officer, of any City or Town Corporate where such Affembly shall be, and to and for such other Person and Persons as shall be commanded to be assisting unto any such Juftice of the Peace, Sheriff or Under Sheriff, Mayor, Head Officer and Magiftrate refpedfively as aforesaid, who are hereby authorized and empowered to command all His Majefty’s Subjects, of Age and Ability, to be assisting to them therein, to seize and apprehend, and they are hereby required to seize and apprehend such Persons so assembled and continuing together after Proclamation made as aforesaid, and forthwith to carry the Person or Persons so apprehended before One or more of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall be so apprehended, in order to his, her or their being proceeded against for such Offences according to Law ; and that if the Persons so assembled, or any of them, shall happen to be kilied, maimed or hurt, in the difperfmg, seizing or appre. hending, or endeavouring to disperse, seize or apprehend them, by reason of their refilling the Persons so difpersing, seizing or apprehending, or endeavouring to disperse, seize or apprehend them, that every such Juftice of the Peace, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, Head Officer, Magistrate, High or Petty Constable or other Peace Officer, and all and singular Persons being aiding and assisting to them or any of them, shall be free, discharged and indemnified, as well against The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, as against all and every other Person and Persons, of, for or concerning the killing, maiming or hurting of any such Person or Persons so continuing together as aforesaid that shall happen to be so kilied, maimed or hurt as aforesaid.

XI. Pro.

Hosted

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 19.

39

XI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Person or Persons do or shall, with Force and Arms, wilfully and knowingly oppose, obstruct, or in any manner wilfully and knowingly let, hinder or hurt any Juftice of the Peace, or other Person authorized as aforesaid, who shall attend any fucli Meeting as afore-said, or who shall be going to attend any such Meeting, or any Person or Persons who shall begin to proclaim, or go to proclaim, according to any Proclamation hereby directed to be made, whereby such Proclamation shall not be made, that then every such opposing, obftrudling, letting, hindering or hurting any such Juftice or other Persons so authorized as aforesaid, and so attending or going to attend any such Meeting, or any such Person or Persons so beginning or going to make any such Proclamation as aforesaid, shall be adjudged Felony, without Benefit of Clergy ; and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and that also every such Person or Persons so being assembled as aforesaid, to the Number of Fifty-or more as aforesaid, to whom any such Proclamation as aforesaid should or oiight to have been made, if the fame had not been hindered as aforesaid, shall likewise, in case they -or any of them, to the Number of Twelve or more, shall continue together and not disperse themselves within One Hour after such Let or Hindrance so made, having Knowledge of such Let or Hindrance so made, shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy ; and that also if any Person or Persons so being at any such Affembly as aforesaid, shall with Fofce and Arms wilfully and knowingly oppose, obstruct, or in any manner wilfully and knowingly let, hinder or hurt any Juftice of the Peace or other Magistrate, or any Peace Officer, in apprehending or taking into Cuftody, in Execution of any of the Provifions of this Adi hereinbefore contained, any Person or Persons, or endeavouring so to do, that then every such opposing, obstructing, letting, hindering or hurting, shall be adjudged Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the Sheriffs Depute and their Subftitutes, Stewards Depute and their Subftitutes, Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Royal Boroughs and all other inferior Judges and Magistrates, and also all High and Petty Conftables or other Peace Officers of any County, Stewartry, City or Town, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall have such and the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this present Adi in Execution within Scotland, as the Justices of the Peace and other Magistrates and Conftables aforesaid respectively have by virtue of this Adi, within and for the other Parts of his Kingdom ; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall at any time be convicted of any of the Felonies aforementioned, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall for every such Offence incur and suffer the Pains of Death and Confifcation of Moveables.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to render lawful any Notice, or the Adi of giving or publishing any Notice, according to the Provifions hereinbefore contained, which Notice Or

D 4	Adi

Perfonsobfl ruling Juftice**, t'r.

Death.

Persons so assembled, to whom Proclamation, if not ob-ftru&ed, would have been made, knowingly remaining, Death.

Such Persons obstructing Juf-ticec, &c.

Death.

Sheriffs Depute in Scotland to have the fame Powers as Magistrates in England.

Notices contrary to Law not hereby rendered lawful.

Hosted

40

C. 19.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Places for Lectures or Debates, receiving Money, &c. uni els previously licensed, deemed to be disorderly Places.

Opening such Places, Penalty tool.

Conducing the Proceedings, &c. at such Places, Uc.

Penalty a cl.

What Perl'ons deemed to have opened, ice. such Places.

Magistrates may demand Admif-fion to fufpe£fed Places.

A61 would have been contrary to Law if this Ad! had not been made.

( XIV. And Whereas divers Places have of late been used for de-c livering Ledlures or Difcourses, and holding Debates, which c Ledlures, Difcourfes or Debates have in many Inflances been of a ‘ seditious and immoral Nature Be it further enacted, Thai every House, Room, Field or other Place, at or in which any Ledlure or Difcourfe shall be publicly delivered, or any public Debate shall be had, on any Subject whatever, for the Purpofe of raising or collecting Money or any other valuable thing, from the Persons admitted, or to which any Person shall be admitted by Payment of Money, or by any Ticket or Token of any Kind delivered in consideration of Money, or any other valuable thing, or in consequence of paying or giving, or having paid or given, or having agreed to pay or give, in any manner, any Money or other valuable thing, or where any Money or other valuable thing shall be received from any Person admitted, either under Pretence of paying for any Refrefhment or other thing, or under any other Pretence, or for any other Cause, or by means of any Device or Contrivance whatever, shall be deemed a disorderly House or Place, unless the fame shall have been previously licensed in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and the Person by whom such House, Room, Field or Place shall be opened or used, for any of the Purpofes aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of One Hundred Pounds for every Day or Time that such House, Room, Field or Place shall be opened or used as aforesaid, to such Person as will sue for the fame, and be otherwise punished as the Law directs in cases of disorderly Houses; and every Person managing or condudling the Proceedings, or acting as Moderator, President, or Chairman at such House, Room, Field or Place, so opened or used as aforesaid, or therein debating, or delivering any Difcourfe or Ledlure, and also every Person who shall pay, give, colled! or receive, or agree to pay, give, colled! or receive, any Money or any Thing for or in respect of the Admiflion of any Person into any such House, Room, Field or Place, or shall deliver out, distribute, or receive any such Ticket or Tickets, or Token or Tokens as aforesaid, knowing such House, Room, Field or Place to be opened or used for any such Purpofe as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall at any time hereafter appear, ad! or behave him or herself as Mailer or Mistress, or as the Person having the Command, Government or Management of any such House, Room, Field or Place as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a Person by whom the fame is opened or used as aforesaid, and shall be liable to be sued or pro-fecuted and punished as such, notwithstanding he or lhe be not in fad! the real Owner or Occupier thereof.

XVI.	And be it further enad!ed. That it shall be lawful for any Juflice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, who shall, by Information upon Oath, have reason to fufped! that any House, Room, Field or Place, or any Parts or Part thereof, are or is opened or used for the Purpofe of delivering Led!ures or Difcourses, or for public Debate, contrary to the Provifions of this Ad!, to go to such House, Room, Field or

Place, and demand to be admitted therein; and in

ii

case such Juflice

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 19.

41

Juftice or Justices shall be refused Admittance to such House, Room, Field or Place, or any Part thereof, the fame shall be deemed a disorderly House or Place within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft ; and all and every the Provifions hereinbefore contained respecting any House, Room, Field or Place, hereinbefore declared to be a disorderly House or Place, shall be applied to such House, Room, Field or Place, where such Admittance shall have been refused as aforesaid, and every Person refusing such Admittance, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVII.	Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, where any House, Room or other Building shall be intended to be opened for any of the Purpofes aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at their General Quarter or General Sefiions of the Peace, or at any Special Seflion to be held for the particular Purpose, to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons desiring the fame, to open such House, Room or other Building, for the Purpofe of delivering for Money any such Leftures or Difcourfes as aforesaid, or for the Purpofe of holding Debates on any Subjests, the fame being clearly expressed in such Licence, for which Licence a Fee of One Shilling and no more shall be paid ; and the fame shall be in Force for the Space of One Year and no longer, or for any less Space of time therein to be specified ; and which Licence it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the fame County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, at any General Quarter or General Seftions of the Peace, to revoke and declare void and no longer in force, by any Order of such Justices ; a Copy whereof shall be delivered to or served upon the Person to whom the said Licence so revoked shall have been granted, or shall be left at the House, Room or Building for which such Licence shall have been granted ; and thereupon such Licence shall cease and determine, and be thenceforth utterly void and of no Effeft.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Juftice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, where any such House, Room or other Building shall be licensed as herein provided, to go to such House, Room or Building so licensed, at the time of delivering any such Lefture or Difcourse, or of holding any Debate therein, as aforesaid, or at the time appointed for delivering any such Lefture or Difcourse, or of holding any Debate, and demand to be admitted therein; and in case such Juftice or Justices shall be refused Admittance to such House, Room or Building, the fame shall be deemed, notwithstanding any such Licence as aforesaid, a disorderly House or Place within the meaning of this Aft ; and all and every the Provifions hereinbefore contained respecting any House, Room, Field or Place hereinbefore declared to be a disorderly House or Place, shall be applied to such House, Room or Building, so licensed as aforesaid, where such Admittance shall have been refused as aforesaid ; and every Person refusing such Admittance shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to any Person who ^hall sue for the fame.

XIX.	Provided also, and be it enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, acting for any County, Stewartry,

Refufing Admittance, deemed a disorderly Place, and Penalty sol.

Two J uftices may license Places for Lectures, &c.

Fee for Licence.

Licences may be revoked.

Copy of Order revoking to be served.

Justices may in-fpect licensed Places.

Refufing Admittance, deemed a disorderly Place, and

Penalty 2ol.

In case of fedi-tious or immoral Leftures, Two

C. 19.

570 GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Justices may declare Licence forfeited.

Provifo for Lectures at the Universities, Inns of Court, Grefham Coliege, &c.

and for Payments to School-matters for Ledlures.

Limitation <?f Prosecutions.

Commencement and Duration of A6t as to all the foregoing Claules.

Regulating the Place of Public Meetings in Westminster.

artry, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, upon Evidence on Oath that any House, Room or Place, so licensed and opened as aforesaid, is commonly used for the Purpofe of delivering there Ledures or Difcourfes of a seditious or immoral Tendency, to adjudge and declare the Licence for opening the fame to have been forfeited, and such Licence shall thereupon cease and determine, and shall thenceforth be utterly void and of no Effed.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be conflrned to extend to any Ledure or Difcourfes to be delivered in any of the Univerfities of these Kingdoms by any Member thereof, or any Person authorized by the Chancellor, Vice Chancellor, or other proper Officers of such Univerfities respectively; or to any Ledure or Difcourfe to be delivered in the Public Hall of any of the Inns of Court of Chancery, by any Person authorized by the Benchers of the Inns of Court, or by the ProfefTors in Grejham Coliege, or to the ProfefTors in the College established for the Education of the Civil Servants of the Ecijl India Company, or the Seminaries established for the Education of their Military Service, or to any Society or Body of Men incorporated or established by Royal Charter, or by Authority of Parliament; and that no Payment made to any Schoolmafter or other Person by Law allowed to teach and instruct Youth, in re-fped of any Ledures or Difcourfes delivered by such Schoolmafter or other Person for the Inftrudion only of such Youth as shall be committed to his Inftrudion, shall be deemed a Payment of Money for Admiffion to such Ledures or Difcourfes within the Intent and Meaning of this Ad.

XXI.	Provided always, That no Person shall be prosecuted by virtue of this Ad for any thing done or committed contrary to the Provifions hereinbefore contained, unless such Profecution shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed.

XXII.	Provided always, That all the Claufes and Provifions hereinbefore contained shall commence and have effect within the City of London, and within Twenty Miles thereof, from the Day next after the Day of passing this Ad ; and shall commence and have effect, within all other Parts of the Kingdom, from the Expiration of Seven Days next after the Day of passing this Ad ; and shall be and continue in force until the Twenty-fourth day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

* XXIII. And Whereas it is highly inexpedient that Public e Meetings or Affemblies should be held near the Houfes of Par-

*	liament, or near His Majefty’s Courts of Juftice in Wejlmlnjler

*	Hall, on such Days as are hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to convene or call together, or to give any Notice for convening or calling together, any Meeting of Persons consisting of more than Fifty Persons, or for any Number of Persons exceeding Fifty to meet in any Street, Square, or open Place in the City or Liberties of Wejlmlnjler, or County of Middlesex, within the Diftance of One Mile from the Gate of Wejlmlnjler Hally save and except such Parts of the Parifh of Saint Pauls Covent Garden as are within the said Distance, for the Purpofe or on the Pretext of considering of or preparing any Petition, Complaint, Remonftrance,

'	Declaration,

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

€.19.

43

Declaration, or other Addrefs to The King, or to His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, or to both Houfes or either House of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters in Church or State, on any Day on which the Two Houfes or either House of Parliament shall meet and fit, or fhall' be summoned or adjourned or prorogued to meet or fit, nor on any Day on which His Majefty’s Courts of Chancery, King’s Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer, or any of them, or any Judge of any of them, shall fit in Westminster Hal/, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwith-standing; and that if any Meeting or AfTembly, for the Purpofes or on the Pretexts aforesaid, of any Persons, shall be assembled or hoiden on any such Day, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Enadlment, such Meeting or AfTembly shall be deemed and taken to be an unlawful AfTembly, by whomsoever or in consequence of what Notice soever such Meeting or AfTembly shall have been hoiden : Provided that nothing in this Enadlment contained shall by any Conftrudlion whatever be deemed or taken to apply to or affect any Meeting convened, called or. hoiden for the Eledlion of Members of Parliament, or any Persons attending such Meeting, or to any Persons attending upon the Bufinefs of either House of Parliament or any of the said Courts.

‘ XXIV. And Whereas divers Societies or Clubs have been in-4 ftituted, in the Metropolis and in various Parts of this Kingdom,

‘ of a dangerous Nature and Tendency, inconsistent with the Pub-4 lie Tranquillity, and the Exiftence of the established Government,

4	Laws and Conflitution of the Kingdom ; and the Members of 4 many of such Societies or Clubs have taken unlawful Oaths and

4	Engagements of Fidelity and Secrecy, and have taken or fub-

5	feribed, or afTented to, illegal Tells and Declarations; and many 4 of the said Societies or Clubs elect, appoint or employ Com-c mittees, Delegates, Reprefentatives or Miffionaries of such So-* cieties or Clubs, to meet, confer, communicate or correspond with 4 other Societies or Clubs, or with Delegates, Reprefentatives or 4 Miffionaries of such other Societies or Clubs, "and to induce and

6	perfuade other Persons to become Members thereof, and by such 6 means maintain an Influence over large Bodies of Men, and de-4 lode many ignorant and unwary Persons into the Commiffion of c Adis highly criminal: And Whereas certain Societies or Clubs 4 calling themselves Spenceans or Spencean Philanthropies, hold and 4 profess for their Objedt the Confifcation and Divifion of the Land,

4	and the Extindlion of the Funded Property of the Kingdom :

4	And Whereas it is expedient and necessary that all such Societies 6 and Clubs as aforesaid should be utterly fupprefied and prohi-4 bited as unlawful Combinations and Confederacies, highly dan-4 gerous to the Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom, and to the 4 Conflitution of the Government thereof, as by Law established y Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Adi, all Societies or Clubs calling themselves Spenceans or Spencean Philanthro-ptjlsy and all other Societies or Clubs, by whatever Name or Defcription the fame are called or known, who hold and profess, or who shall hold and profess, the fame Objedls and Dodlrines, shall be and the fame are hereby utterly suppressed and prohibited, as being unlawful Combinations and Confederacies against the Government of

our

Provifo for Meetings con -vened for Election of Members of Parliament.

Spencean Societies or Clubs* &c. fupprelTed and prohibited, ■

4i

Societies taking unlawful Oaths, &c. within

37G.3. c. 123.

3* G. 3. c. 104.

or requiring, &c. Tefts or Declarations not required by Daw, or •electing Committees, Delegates, See. deemed guilty of unlawful Combination within 39 G. 3. c. 79.

Persons becoming Members such Societies, &c.

deemed guilty of unlawful Combinations within 39 G. 3 c. 79. and proceeded

C. 19.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1817.

our Sovereign Lord the King, and against the Peace and Security of His Majefty’s liege Subjeds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Ad, all and every the said Societies or Clubs, and also all and every other Society or Club now established or hereafter to be established, the Members whereof shall be required or admitted to take any Oath or Engagement which shall be an unlawful Engagement within the Meaning of an Ad palled in the Thirty seventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AB for more effectually preventing the adminijlering and taking of unlawful Oaths, or within the Meaning of an Ad palfed in the Fifty second Year of His pre-fent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AB to render more effectual an Ady passed in the Thirty seventh Tear of His present Majesty, for preventing the adminiflering and taking of unlawful Oaths, or to take any Oath not required or authorized by Law ; and every Society or Club, the Members whereof or any of them shall take or in any manner bind themselves by any such Oath or Engagement, on becoming, or in order to become, or in consequence of being a Member or Members of such Society or Club ; and every Society or Club, the Members or any Member whereof shall be required or admitted to take, subscribe or aftent to, or shall take, subscribe or assent to any Teft or Declaration not required or authorized by Law, in whatever manner or Form such taking or assenting shall be performed, whether by Words, Signs, or otherwise; either on becoming or in order to become, or in consequence of being a Member or Members of any such Society or Club ; and every Society or Club that shall elect, appoint, nominate or employ any Committee, Delegate or Delegates, Reprefentative or Reprefenta-tives, Miflionary or Miflionaries, to meet, confer or communicate with any other Society or Club, or with any Committee, Delegate or Delegates, Reprefentative or Reprefentatives, Millionary or Miflionaries, of such other Society or Club, or to induce or per-fuade any Person or Persons to become Members thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be unlawful Combinations and Confederacies, within the Meaning of an Ad passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for the more effeBual Suppreffon of Societies ejlablijhed for seditious and treasonable Purpofes ; and for better preventing treasonable and seditious Practices, and shall and may be prosecuted, proceeded against and punished, according to the Provilions of the said Ad ; and every Person who, from and after the palling of this Ad, shall become a Member of any such Society or Club, or who, after the palling of this Ad, shall ad as a Member thereof, and every Person who, from and after the palling of this Ad, shall directly or indi-redly maintain Correfpondence or Intercourfe with any such Society or Club, or with any Committee or Delegate, Reprefentative or Miflionary, or with any Officer or Member thereof, as such, or who shall, by Contribution of Money or otherwise, aid, abet or support such Society or Club, or any Members or Officers thereof, as such, shall be deemed guilty of an unlawful Combination and Confederacy within the Intent and Meaning of the said Ad passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for the more effeBual Suppreffon of Societies ejlablijhed for feditiousand trea-

fonable

Hosted

AJD. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 19.

45

fonable Purpofes ; and for better preventing treasonable and /editions PraBicss ; and shall and may be proceeded against, prosecuted and punished, according to the Provifions of the said Adi, with regard to the Profecution and Punifhment of unlawful Combinations and Confederacies.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Society or Societies holden under the Denomination of Lodges of Freemasons, in conformity to the Rules prevailing in such Societies of Freemasons, provided such Lodges shall comply with the Rules and Regulations contained in the said A61 of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, relating to such Lodges of Freemasons; nor to any Declaration to be taken, subscribed or assented to by the , Members of any Society, the Form of which Declaration shall have been first approved and subscribed by two or more Justices of the Peace, and confirmed by the major Part of the Justices present at a General Seftion, or at a General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, pursuant to the Rules and Regulations contained in the said Adi of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty ; nor shall extend or be construed to extend to any Meeting or Society of the People commonly called Quakers ; or to any Meeting or Society formed or assembled for Purpofes of a Religious or Charitable Nature only, and in which no other Matter or Buiinefs whatsoever shall be treated of or discussed.

‘ XXVII. And Whereas in the said Adi of the Thirty ninth 6 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is amongst other

*	Things enacted, ‘ That every Society which shall be composed of

*	different Diviftons or Branches, or of different Parts acting in

*	any manner separately or distinct from each other, or of which any

*	Part shall have any separate or distinct President, Secretary,

*	Treasurer, Delegate or other Officer elected or appointed by or

*	for such Part, or to act as an Officer for such Part, shall be 6 deemed and taken to be unlawful Combinations and Confedera-

*	cies Be it enacted, That the said Enactment shall not extend or be construed to extend to any Meeting or Society of the People commonly called Quakers• or to any Meeting or Society formed or assembled for Purpofes of a Religious or Charitable Nature only, and in which no other Matter or Buftnefs whatsoever shall be treated of or discussed.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly permit any Meeting of any Society or Club hereby declared to be an unlawful Combination or Confederacy, or of any Division, Branch or Committee of such Society or Club, to be held in any House or Apartment, Building or other Place, to him or her belonging, or in his or her Pofleffion or Occupation, such Person shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall, for any such Offence committed after the Date of his or her Conviction for such First Offence, be deemed guilty of an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, in Breach of this Adi.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace, acting for any County, Stewarty, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, upon evidence on Oath that any Meeting of any Society or ,Club hereby declared to be an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, or any Meeting

for

against accordingly.

Provifofor Freemafons* Lodges, and for Declaration approved by Two Justices, pursuant to 39 G. 3. c. 79. and for Meetings or Societies of Quakers or for Charitable Purpofes.

39 G. 3-c. 79*

§ 2. not to extend to Quakers’ Meetings, &c.

Person permitting unlawful AfTemblies in his House, &c.

First Offence, Penalty 5I. Further Offence,

Combination.

Licences of Public Houiec > where unlawful Clubs are held, to be forfeited,

Hosted

46

C. 19.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

and Penalty.

Penalties exceeding aol. how to be recovered.

57 G. 3. c. 19.

Penalties not exceeding 20I. how to be recovered.

Diflref;*.

Limitation of Profecu-tion for Penalty,

Application of Penalties.

for any seditious Purpose, hath been held^ after the palling of this Aft, at any House, Room or Place, licensed for the Sale of Ale, Beer, Wine or Spirituous Liquors, with the Knowledge and Confent of the Person keeping such House, Room or Place, to adjudge and declare the Licence or Licences for felling Ale, Beer, Wine or Spirituous Liquors, granted to the Person or Persons keeping such House, Room or Place, to be forfeited ; and the Person or Persons so keeping such House, Room or place, shall, from and after the Day of the Date of such Adjudication and Declaration, and Notice thereof given to him, her or them, be fub-jeft and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures for any Aft done after that Day, which such Person or Persons would be subject and liable to, if such Licence or Licences had expired, or otherwise determined on that Day.

XXX.	And be it further enabled, That all or any of the Pecuniary Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, incurred under this Aft, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, may be recovered by Aftion of Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjler> and in Scotland in the Court of Seflion there; and it shall be sufficient to declare in England or conclude in Scotland, that the Defendant or Defender is indebted to the Plaintiff or Purfuer in the Sum of

(being the Sum demanded by the said Aftion) being forfeited by an Aft made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Adi for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and AJfemblies ; and the Plaintiff or Purfuer, if he shall recover in such Aftion, shall have his full Cofts or Expences ; and any pecuniary Penalty imposed by this Aft not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for the Recovery whereof no Provifion is hereinbefore contained, shall and may be recovered before any Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Stew-artry, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, in which the fame shall be incurred, or the Person having incurred the fame shall happen to be, in a summary Way; and in case such last mentioned Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such Juftice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and directed to any Constable or other Peace Officer, cause the fame to be levied by Diflrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Cofts and Charges attending such Dif-trefs and Sale ; and in case no sufficient Diftrefs can be had or made, such Juftice or Justices shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correftion for such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Three Calendar Months : Provided always, that no Person shall be prosecuted or sued for any pecuniary Penalty imposed by this Aft, unless such Profecution shall be commeneed, or such Aftion shall be brought within Three Calendar Months next after such Penalty shall have been incurred.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Aft shall, when recovered, either by Aftion in any Court, or in a summary Way before any Juftice, be applied and disposed of in manner hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, One Moiety thereof to the Plaintiff in any such Aftion, or

to

Hosted

47

. A.D. 1817-	57°	GEO. III.	C.	19.

to the Informer before any Juftice, and the other Moiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That any Adlion and Suit which ffiali be brought or commenced against any Juftice or Justices of the Peace, Constable, Peace Officer or other Person or Persons, in EnglandWales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Adi, ffiali be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards ; and the Venue in every such Action or Suit ffiali be laid in the proper County where the Fadl was committed, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Adlion or Suit may plead the General IfTue, and give this Adi and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if such Adlion or Suit ffiali be brought or commenced after the time limited for bringing the fame, or the Venue ffiali be laid in any other Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury ffiali find a Verdidl for the Defendant or Defendants ; and in such Cafe, or if the Jury ffiali find a Verdidl for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ffiali become Nonfuit, or discontinue his, her or their Adlion after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer, Judgment ffiali be given againff the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants ffiali have Double Cofts ; which he or they ffiali and may recover in such and the same manner as any Defendant can by Law in other Cafes.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Adlion and Suit which ffiali be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons in Scotland, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Adi, ffiali in like manner be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards, and ffiali be brought in the Court of Sefiion in Scotland; and the Defender or Defenders may plead that the Matter complained of was done in pursuance of this Adi, and may give this Adi and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if such Adlion or Suit ffiali be brought or commenced after the time limited for bringing the fame, then the fame ffiali be dismissed ; and in such case, or if the Defender or Defenders ffiali be affoilzied, or the Purfuer or Purfuers ffiali suffer the Adlion or Suit to fall asleep, or a Decifion ffiali be pronounced against the Purfuer or Purfuers upon the Relevancy, the Defender or Defenders ffiali have Treble Cofts or Expences ; which he or they ffiali and may recover in such and the same manner as any Defender can by Law recover Cofts or Expences in other cases.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That Convidlions by any Juftice or Justices of the Peace for Offences against this Adi, and Adjudications of Forfeitures of Licences to be made in pursuance of this Adi, ffiali or may be in the several Forms fet forth for such Purpofes respectively in the Schedule to this Adi annexed, or in Words to that Effedl.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained ffiali be deemed to take away or abridge any Provifion already made by the Law of this Realm, or of any Part thereof, for the Suppreffion or Punifhment of any Offence what-foever described in this Adi.

XXXVI.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person ffiali be prosecuted under this Adi, for having been, before the palling of

this

Limitation of Anions.

General Iflue may be pleaded.

Double Cofts.

Limitation of A&ions, Scc. in Scotland,

Plea.

Treble Coft:,

Form of Con * vi&ion.

Aff not to affect other Prorifiom made by Lav?.

Provifo for Persons having been Members of any

Hosted

C. 19.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Club previous to the palling of tliis A£t, Sec.

No Double Profecntion.

Persons already in Cuftody, &cc. not dilchareed.

Power of the Attorney General and Lord Advocate and Secretary of State to stay Proceedings.

How Damage done by riotous or tumultuous Aflemblies to be recovered.

i G. i. c. 5.

this Ad, a Member of any Society or Club declared hereby to be an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, if such Person shall not in any manner have acted as a Member of such Society or Club after the palling of this A61; but that nothing in this Ad contained shall extend to prevent any Profecution, by Indidment or otherwise, for any thing which shall be an Offence within the Intent and Meaning of this Ad, and which might have been so prosecuted if this Ad had not been made : Provided always, that no Person who shall be prosecuted and convicted or acquitted of any Offence against this Ad shall be subject or liable to be again prosecuted for the fame Offence : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to discharge any Person in Cuftody at the time of pafiing this Ad, or who having been in Cuftody shall have been discharged on Bail or Recognizance, from any Profecution which might have been had against such Person if this Ad had not been made.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Proceeding or Profecution shall be instituted, commenced or prosecuted for any Offence committed against the said Ad of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, or against this Ad, either by Adion, or by Information before any Juftice or Justices, or other-wife, it shall and may be lawful for His Majefty’s Attorney General for the time being, as to any such Adion, Information or other Proceeding in England, or for the Lord Advocate of Scotland as to any such Adion, Information or other Proceeding in Scotland, to order any such Adion, Information or other Proceeding to be flayed ; and in case of any Judgment or Convidion upon any such Adion, Information or Proceeding, it shall and may be lawful for any One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, by any Order made for that Purpofe under his Hand, to flay the Execution of such Judgment or Convidion, or to mitigate or remit any Fine or Forfeiture, or any Part thereof.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That in every case where any House, Shop or other Building whatever, or any Part thereof, shall be destroyed, or shall be in any manner damaged or injured, or where any Fixtures thereto attached, or any Furniture, Goods or Commodities whatever which shall be therein, shall be destroyed, taken away, or damaged by the Ad or Ads of any riotous or tumultuous Aflembly of Persons, or by the Ad or Ads of any Person or Persons engaged in or making Part of such riotous or tumultuous Affembly, the Inhabitants of the City or Town in which such House, Shop or Building shall be situate, if such City or Town be a County of itself, or is not within any Hundred, or otherwise the Inhabitants of the Hundred in which such Damage shall be done, shall be liable to yield full Compenfation in Damages to the Person or Persons injured and damnified by such Deftrudion, taking away, or Damage ; and such Damages shall and may be demanded, sued for, and recovered by the fame Means and under the fame Provifions as are provided in and by an Ad palled in the First Year of King George the First, intituled An Aft for preventing Tumults and riotous AJfemblies, and for the more speedy and effectually punishing the Rioters, with respect to Persons injured and damnified by the demolishing or pulling down of any Dwelling House by Persons unlawfully, riotously and tumultuously assembled.

XXXIX. And

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 19.

49

XXXIX. And be it farther enacted, That nothing in this A6t contained shall extend or be construed to extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Adi may be repealed in the Whole, or in any Part thereof, or in any manner altered or amended, during the present Session of Parliament.

Aft not to extend to Ireland.

Aft may be repealed, &c. ibis Session.

The SCHEDULE to which the Bill refers.

I. FORM of Convidlion of an unlawful Combination and Confederacy.

4	?	T^E	it remembered, That on this	Day	of

4 to Wit. J	jn	the	Year	of	the	Reign	of

4	A. B. of	is	duly	convidled	before	me

4 [or, us]	of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for

4 in pursuance of an Adi of the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign 4 of King George the Third, [fet forth the Title of the AB~\ for that 6 the said A. B. after the palling of the said Adi, to wit, on the 4	Day of	at did, contrary	to

4 the said Adi, become a Member of [or, as the case may he] act as 4 a Member of, or maintain a Correfpondence or Intercourfe with,

4 or by Contribution of Money or otherwise abet or support a So-4 ciety \_defcribing the Society~\, which Society is an unlawful Com-4 bination and Confederacy within the Intent and Meaning of the 4 said Adl; Wherefore I [or, we] the faid	do

4 adjudge, That he the said A. B. do pay	[or, be

4 imprifoned] as a Penalty for his Offence in pursuance of the said 4 Adl, Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals]

4 this	Day of	in the Year of our Lord	,

4 and in the	Year	of	the	Reign	of	His	Majefty	King

t	y

II. FORM of Adjudication of Forfeiture of Licence to fell

Ale, &c.

4 M. 1 T\E it remembered, That on this	Day	of

4 to Wit. j-	jn tpe	Year	of the Reign of His

4 present Majesty, A, B. of	being a Person licensed to fell

4 [as the case may be~\ is duly convicted before us, Two of His Ma-4 jelly's Justices of the Peace for the County of	in

4 pursuance of an Adl of the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of 4 King George the Third [fet forth the Title of the A& J for that he 4 the said A. B. on	at	did permit

4 a Meeting of a Society [defcribe the Society] which is an unlawful 4 Combination and Confederacy within the Intent and Meaning of 4 the said Adl, to be held at	being the House [as the

4 case may be~\ oF the said A. B. wherein he the said A. B. is licensed 4 to fell [as the case may be~\ : Wherefore we the said 4 do adjudge and declare, that the Licence [or, Licences, as the case • may be~\ is [or, are] for such Offence forfeited. Given under our 4 Hands and Seals, this	Day	of	in	the	Year

4 of our Lord	, and in the	Year	of	the	Reign

4 of Hi3 Majesty King

57 Geo. III.	E

Hosted

'50

35 G. 3* c.a8.

35 G. 3. c. 94.

regulations as to Captains, &c. entitled to Full Pay-drawing upon Commiffior.ers of the Navy for their Pay, as established by Order of Couneil, 25 th Nov, 18x6.

And as to Flag Officers, &c. drawing for Pay.

C. 19, 20.	57° GEO. III.	A.	D. 1817.

III. FORM of Convidlion for Offences subject to Pecuniary

Penalties.

:be it remembered, That on this	Day	of

*	in the	Year of the Reign of

*	A* B. of	is duly convicted before me [or, us]

<	of	His	Majefty's	Juftices	of	the	Peace for

c inpurfuance of an A dl of the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of ‘ King George the Third \_fet forth the Title of the A3~] for that ‘ the said A, B> after the palling of the said Adi, on ‘ at	did,	contrary to the said Adt \_here ffecify any

‘ Offence againjl the A3, as the case may be] : Wherefore I [or, we]

1 the faid	do	adjudge	that the said A. B. do

‘ pay the Sum of	as	a	Penalty	for	this	Offence in

1. pursuance of the said Adi.'

CAP. XX.

An A£l for making further Regulations in respect to the Pay of the Officers of the Royal Navy, in certain cases therein mentioned.	[31ft	March 1817.]

‘ TTFHEREAS it is expedient to amend and extend the Provi-‘ VV fions of an Adi palled in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign i of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to enable Petty Officers in

*	the Navy, and Seamen, Non CommiJJioned Officers of Marines and 6 Marines serving in His Majejly’s Navy, to allot Part of their Pay

*	for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families ; and of another

*	A61 pa fled in the fame Year, intituled An A3 for ejlallijhing a c more easy and expeditious Method for the punSual andfrequent Pay-c rnent of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His 1 Majefly's NavyBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adi, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Captain, Commander, Lieutenant commanding the VefTel in which he shall serve, Surgeon and Afliftant Surgeon (in Ships and. VefTels in which there shall be no Surgeons) in the Naval Service of His Majesty, being entitled to Full Pay, at the End and Expiration of every Three Months, Six Months, Nine Months or Twelve Months (as such Officer may think proper), but not for a less Period than Three Months, (except as hereinafter mentioned,) to draw a Bill or Bills upon the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the net Amount of Three Fourths only of the Pay (fubjedt to such De-dudlions as hereinafter mentioned) of such Captain, Commander, Lieutenant commanding, or Surgeon respectively, as established by an Order of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent in Couneil, bearing Date the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or as shall hereafter be established by any Order in Council of His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors ; and that it shall also be lawful for any Flag Officer, Lieutenant not commanding the Ship or VefTel in which he shall be serving, Phyfician of the Fleet, ivjafter, Second Mafter, Chaplain, Admiral's Secretary and Afliftant Surgeon, entitled to Full Pay, and having no Accounts

to

Hosted

A. D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 20.

51

to pass, in like manner at the End of every Three Months, or such longer Period as above mentioned, but not for a less Period than Three Months, (except as hereinafter mentioned,) to draw upon the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Navy for the whole net Amount (fubjedl as aforesaid) of his Pay as so established or to be established as aforesaid ; and also for every passed Mate, passed Midfhipman, And as to Secretary’s Clerk, Captain’s Clerk and Schoolmafter entitled to Full Mates, See.

Pay, in like manner to draw upon the said Commissioners at the End Rawing for thtir of every Six Lunar Months or Twelve Months for the whole net Amount (fubjedl as aforesaid) of his Pay as so established or to be established as aforesaid ; the first Payment of the said Pay so to be drawn for by the said several Officers to be computed from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen : Pro- Officers to tranf-vided always, that not any of the said Officers whose Duty it shall Ij0Ss> &c-be to transmit Logs, Journals, Returns or other Documents, either he^°retuh-eyHeif to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Ad-miral, or to the Secretary of the Admiralty, or to the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Navy, shall be entitled to receive any Half Pay which may be in course of Payment, until he shall have duly transmitted such Logs, Journals, Returns or other Documents, unless he shall have obtained or shall obtain from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral an Order difpenflng with the Production thereof.

IL And be it further enacted, That every such Bill drawn by Bills drawn by any Lieutenant not commanding the Ship or Veflel in which he may Lieutenants,/fee. be serving. Mailer, Chaplain, Surgeon, Affillant Surgeon, Second be certi ed by Mailer, Mate, Midfhipman, Clerk or Schoolmaster, under the Au« proved b^Cap*-thority of this Adi, shall be certified by the Purfer, and approved tain, &c. by the Captain of the Ship to which he shall belong ; and such Purfer Purfer certify--fhall by so certifying be held responsible that such Bill is not for a ln£> responsible greater Sum than the Officer drawing it had a Right to draw for, *hat Bl11 ,s,not after any Debt for Slops, Dead Men’s Clothes, or other Charges fJem°Te * Handing in the Ship’s Books, hath been abated from the Amount of his Pay for the Period for which the Bill is drawn ; and the Captain of such Ship shall by so approving be held responsible that Officer drawing has been borne for Pay during the said Period, and is entitled by this Adi to draw, and that the Purfer hath previously certified his Right to draw for the Sum in the Bill mentioned ; and Form of Bill, such Bill, Certificate and Approyal, and also the Affignment thereof Certificate, /fee. for Payment by the Treasurer of the Navy, shall be in the Form fet forth in the Schedule to this Adi marked (A.), or to the like Effedl.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Bill drawn Bills drawn by by any Phyfician as aforesaid under the Authority of this Adi Phyfician, Se-ffiall be approved by the Commander in Chief for the time being cretary, becre-of the Fleet or Squadron of which the Perlon so drawing shall be	t'/be’aji

Phyfician ; and that every such Bill drawn by any such Secretary proved.

' shall be approved by the Flag Officer to whom he shall be acting as Secretary; and that every such Bill drawn by any Secretary’s Clerk shall be approved by such Secretary ; and the said Commander in Chies, Flag Officer and Secretary respectively, shall by so approving be held responsible that the Phyfician, Secretary or Secretary’s Clerk respectively so drawing hath been borne for Pay

E 2	during

'52

€.20.

57° GEO. 111.

A.D. 1817.

Mates and Mid-lhipmen not entitled to draw till Certificates produced of having patTed Examination, &c.

Provifo for case in which Captain may approve Bill although Mate, &c. have not passed Examination.

So much of

35 g-3- c-94* as authorizes certain Officers sent to Sick Quarters to draw at the End of Six Weeks, repealed ; and such other Regulations in refpedfc of Officers drawing for the Pay due on the Day of Discharge to Sick Quarters.

Second Mailers, Mates, &c. re-ftricted from allotting Pay as heretofore,&c. Former Ena<5l-ments relating

daring the Period for which the Bill is drawn, and is entitled by this A61 to draw for his Pay.

IV. And be it further enabled, That no such Mate or Midfhipman shall be entitled to draw for his Pay until he shall have palled the prescribed Examinations touching his Qualifications to serve as Lieutenant at the Royal Naval Coliege, and before Three Captains, .or such other Examinations as shall be from time to time duly prescribed and required in that Behalf, and shall have produced to the Captain of the Ship to which such Mate or Midfhipman belongs Certificates of his having passed both such Examinations, for which Purpofe Duplicates of such Certificates shall be given him at the time of palling: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for every such Mate or Midfhipman so to draw, and for such Captain to approve the Bill drawn by such Mate or Midfhipman, although he shall not have palled at the said Royal Naval Coliege, or produced a Certificate of his having passed the fame, if his Certificate of his having passed his Examination before Three Captains, to be dated prior to the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Sixteen, or to the Day on which the said Order of the Commifiioners of the Admiralty establishing the said Regulations was received on any Foreign Station where such Mate or Midfhipman was then serving.

V.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited A£l, intituled An Aft for establishing a more easy and expeditions Method for the punctual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majejly’s Navy, as authorizes any Captain, Commander, Lieutenant, Mailer or Surgeon who shall be sent to Sick Quarters, and remain there for a longer time than Six Weeks, to draw or cause to be drawn at the End of such Six Weeks a Bill or Set of Bills upon the Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Navy, for the Net Perfonal Wages or Pay due to him to the Day of the Expiration of Six Weeks from and after his having been so sent to Sick Quarters, shall from and after the palling of this A£t be and the fame is hereby repealed : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Captain, Commander, Lieutenant, Mailer and Surgeon who shall be so sent to Sick Quarters, to draw a Bill upon the said Commifiioners of the Navy, for the Pay or Proportion of Pay (as by this A 61 allowed) that may be due to him on the Day of his being discharged to Sick Quarters ; such Bill (as to a Lieutenant, Maker, or Surgeon) being certified and approved in like manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to other Bills drawn under the Authority of this Adi, and being indorsed upon or accompanied with a Certificate, under the Hand of the Phyfician or Surgeon having Superintendence of the Hofpital or Sick Quarters to which such Officer shall have been so discharged, of the Day on which he shall have been received into such Hofpital or Sick Quarters.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That Second Makers, passed Mates and passed Midfhipmen, Clerks and Schoolmasters, permitted by this A& to draw for the Whole or any Part of their Pay, shall be and they are reftridled and prohibited from allotting any Portion of their Pay as heretofore ; and that all the Enadlments, Provifions and Regulations, with respect to the drawing of Bills or Allotment

of

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

c:m

53

of Pay, contained in either of the said recited Afts refpeftiveiy, or in any other Aft or Afts, shall from and after the palling of this Aft be deemed and taken to be applicable to the Bills to be drawn and Allotments allowed by or under this Aft, in the same manner to all Intents and Purpofcs as if the fame were fully and particularly repeated and reenafted herein, except so far as the fame are hereinbefore repealed or altered ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

4 VII. And Whereas by the said Aft palled in the Thirty fifth 4 Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Att for ejlablijhing a 4 more easy and expeditious Method for the punctual and frequent Pay-4 ment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to Pits * Majejiy's Navy, it is provided, that every Commiffioned Officer, 4 Mailer and Surgeon of His MajeHy’s Navy on Half Pay, when 4 appointed to a Ship, may, if no Imprelt Hands againll him, receive 4 the Arrears of Half Pay due to him by an Order on the Treasurer 4 of the Navy :	And	Whereas it would tend much to the Conveni-

4 ence of such Officers, Mailers and Surgeons if they were enabled 4 to draw and negotiate a Bill or Bills for such Arrears of their Half 4 Pay as hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the palling of this Aft it shall and may be lawful for every Commiffioned^Officer, Mailer and Surgeon in the Naval Service of His Majesty, to whom any Arrears of Half Pay may be due, and who shall be appointed to command or serve on board any Ship or Velfel of His Majesty, which may be fitting at any Port of Great Britaitiy after receiving his Commiffion or Warrant of Appointment, if he shall be desirous of drawing a Bill or Bills for his Arrears of Half Pay, to apply for that Purpofe by Letter directed to the Commissioners of His MajeHy’s Navy, transmitting the usual Affidavit and Certificate of the Day when he commenced Full Pay, and that thereupon the said Commissioners or any Three of them, having ascertained that no Imprell is Handing againH him, or that the Im-preH againH him (if any) is cleared, shall cause the Amount of Half Pay due to such Officer, Mafler or Surgeon to be ascertained and duly atteHed, and transmit to such Officer, Matter or Surgeon, a Certificate or Statement thereof, together with the Form of a Bill as in the Schedule to this Aft marked (B.), or to the like Effest, to be drawn by such Officer, Mafier or Surgeon ; who, upon Receipt thereof, may and is hereby authorized to draw and negotiate such Bill for the Amount so certified to be due, and which said Bill shall be assigned for Payment on, and paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, and be a sufficient Voucher and Difcharge to him for such Payment in his Annual Account.

4 VIII. And Whereas by the said laH recited Aft it is provided,

4 that Commiffioned Officers in the Navy appointed to Ships from 4 Half Pay, having no Imprefi Handing againH them, may obtain 4 Three Months’ Pay in \dvance, by an Order upon the Treasurer 4 of the Navy : And Whereas it would be a Convenience to such 4 Officers, as well as to Chaplains, MaHers, Surgeons and AffiHant 4 Surgeons, who may be appointed in like manner, if they were 4 enabled to obtain such Advance by Means of a Bill to be drawn 4 and negotiated and paid as is hereinbefore provided for the Pay-4 ment of Arrears of Half Pay f Be it therefore enacted, That from

E 3	and

thereto, applicable to this Aft.

35 G. 3, c.94.

§1.

Commiffioned Officer, See. on Half Par may draw a Bill for his Arrears on being appointed to a Ship.

Certificate and Form of Bill ro be transmitted to such Officer.

35 G-3- c.94^

On Appointment to Ships, Commiffioned Officers, Chaplains, Sec. may draw for Three Months’ Pay in Advance.

51

C. 20.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Certificate and Form of Bill to be transmitted to such Officer*

Officers authorized to draw for Pay, having parted their Accounts, and received General Certificates fpe-cifying the Amount of Pay due, may make such Certificates negotiable by Indorfement.

Forging Certificates, Bills, &c.

and after the pafling of this Adi, every Commifiioned Officer, Chaplain, Mailer, Surgeon and Affiflant Surgeon in the Naval Service of His Majesty, who shall be appointed as aforesaid, and shall have been previously Three Calendar Months on. Half Pay, and shall not have any Impreft Handing against him uncleared, may apply for such Three Months’ Pay in Advance by Letter directed to the Commissioners of His Majefiy’s Navy, transmitting a Certificate of the Day when he commenced Full Pay ; whereupon the said Com-mifiioners, or any Three of them, having ascertained that such Officer hath been previously Three Months on Half Pay, and that no Imprell is Handing againH him, or that the ImpreH (if any) against him is cleared, shall transmit to such Officer a Certificate, and the Form of a Bill as in the Schedule to this Adt marked (C.) or to the like Effedl, to be drawn by him, and such Officer upon the Receipt thereof is hereby authorized to draw and negotiate such Bill accordingly ; and which said Bill shall be assigned for Payment on and paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, and be a sufficient Voucher or Difcharge to him for such Payment in his annual Account*

c IX. And Whereas by the said lafi recited Adt it is provided,

*	that if Commifiioned Officers, Mafiers, Surgeons in the Navy, and

*	every other Defcription of Officers by this Aft authorized to

*	draw for Pay, have palled their Accounts for every Ship in which c they may have served, Three Commissioners of the Navy shall c make out Certificates, distinguished by the Name of General Cer-1 tificates, specifying the net Amount of the Pay which shall appear c to be due to such Officers, and shall direct the Amount to be car-

*	ried to the Credit of such Officer’s Account Current: but no 6 Mode being provided therein for the Payment of the Balance of c such Pay due and not drawn for;’ Be it therefore enabled, That every such Commifiioned Officer, Mafier, Surgeon or other Officer who shall have palled his Accounts and obtained such General Certificate as in the said recited Aft is mentioned, the Amount of which the said Commissioners shall have directed to be carried to the Credit of such Officer’s Account under the said recited Adi, the said Officer is hereby authorized (upon the Back of such General Certificate as shall be delivered or transmitted to him, or to his Agent in pursuance of the Diredtion contained in the said recited Adt) to make the said General Certificate negotiable in the Nature of a Bill of Exchange by an Indorfement thereon, making the Contents thereof payable to his Order ; which Indorfement, and any fubfe-quent one that may be made upon the said Certificate, shall be sufficient Authority to the Treasurer of the Navy to pay the Amount of the said General Certificate to the Officer therein named, or to the Indorfee thereof, as the case may require; and shall be a sufficient Voucher and Difcharge to the said Treasurer for such Payment in his annual Account.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assisi in the false making, forging or counterfeiting of any such Authority, Certificate, Bill, Approval or Affignment as is hereinbefore mentioned, or shall utter or publish as true any such false, forged, or counterfeited Authority, Certificate, Bill, Approval or Affignment, knowing the

fame

Hosted

57° GEO. lit

e. 20.

55

fame to be false, forged' or counterfeited, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, every such Perlon so offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer Death as a Felon without Death.

Benefit of Clergy.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That no Bill which shall be drawn Bills not liable to under or by virtue of this A& shall be subject or liable to or be Stamp Duty, charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

4	XII. And Whereas Sick Tickets,. Unferviceable Tickets, Fo-4 reign Remove Tickets and Difcharge Tickets, made out to Inferior 4 and Petty Officers, Seamen, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines 4 and Marines, in pursuance of the several A&s of Parliament passed 4 in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King 3I g. 2. c. 10.

4 George the Second, intituled An A3 for the Encouragement of Sea-4 men employed in the Royal Navy, and for ejlablifhing a regular Me-4 ihod for the punctual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages;

4 and for enabling them more eafly and readily to remit the fame for 4 the Support of their Wives and Families ; and for preventing Frauds 4 and Abufes attending such Payments ; and of another Aft passed in 4 the Thirty second Year of His present Majefty?a Reign, intituled 32 G. 3. c. 33.

4 An A3 for explaining and amending an A3 passed in the Thirty first 4 Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

4 intituled An A3 for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the 4 Royal Navy, and for ejlablifhing a regular Method for the pun3ual,

4 frequent and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them 4 more eajily and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their 4 Wives and Families ; and for preventing Frauds and Abufes at-4 tending such Payments ; and for further extending the Benefits 4 thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commiffioned Officers of 4 Marines and Marines, serving or who may have served on board 4 any of His Majefiyys Ships ; are not saleable or transferrable, but 4 are payable only to the Persons therein named : A.nd Whereas it is 4 expedient that similar Tickets made out to the Commiffion and 4 Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy ffiould be fubjefl to, the like 4 Regulations Be it therefore enacted,. That from and after the Sick Tickets,&c. passing of this Aft no Sick Ticket, Unferviceable Ticket, Foreign not transferrable. Remove Ticket or Difcharge Ticket, to be made out to any Commiffion or Warrant Officer in the Royal Navy, shall be saleable or transferrable ; but every such Ticket shall be paid only to the Party in whose Favour the fame shall be made out ; and that all Sales, Alignments or Transfers of any such Ticket shall be absolutely null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

E 4?

SCHE-

Hosted

5 G

C.20.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

SCHEDULES to which this Arefers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

First Rate (Britannia), Lieutenant Thomas Bowling, entered I ft January 1817.	£	j.	</,

Full Pay from ift January to 25th March 1817

£ s.	d.

Amount of Deduction for Slops, &c.

Ditto -	-	for	Dead	Men’s Clothes

Nett Pay £

Certified by

A. B. Purfer.

Gentlemen,

TEN Days after Sight (my Second and Third Bill of this Tenor and Date not being paid) please to pay to John Bull, or Order, the Sum of	being	the

nett Pay due to me as First Lieutenant of His Majefty’s Ship (Britannia), between 1 ft January and 25th March 1817, for Value received.

Thomas Bowling.

Approved by C. D, Captain of His Majefty’s Ship (Britannia).

To the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Navy, London.

ASSIGNMENT.

No. I.	Navy	Office,	3d April 1817.

To be paid by the Treasurer of His Majefty’s Navy out of Monies received under the Head of Wages to Pay Officers.

E. F.l

G. H. > Commissioners of the Navy.

/. K.S

N. B. The forging of this Bill, or the Purfer’s Certificate, Captain’s Approyal, or the Affignment thereof for Payment, or procuring any other Person to forge or utter the fame with an Intention to defraud any Person or Body Politic or Corporate, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy by the Ad of 57 Geo. 3. Cap.

SCHE-

Hosted

X

o

CD

Q.

CT

b

o

a>

O

tc

M

SCHEDULE (B.)

Navy Office. — Order for Arrears of Half Pay.

Officers	Quality.	From what	Half Pay.		To what Ship	Impreft.	Front	No. of Days, j	Per Diem.	3d- per	Full.	Nett.

Name.		Ship.	Commencing.	Ending.	appointed.		Charge.					

												

P. E. O.

Gentlemen,

AT Three Days’ Sight pay to due to me for Arrears of Half Pay as above dated.

To the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Navy, London.

THE Sum of	to	be	paid	by	the	Treafurer	of	His

the Head of Half Pay<

G. D.

or Order, the Sum of

Thomas Bowling* Majefty’s Navy, out of Money received under

E. F* 1 G. H. [ LK. )

Commissioners of the Navy.

To the Treasurer of His MajeftyV. Navy, London.

A. D. 1817-	57° GEO. III. C.	20.

5S

C. 20, 21.

57° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (C.)

A.D.1817.

Rate.	Ship’s Name. J	Officer’s Name.	Quality.	When entitled to Full Pay.

				

THESE are to certify there is no Impreft against Dated the	Day	of	18

G. B.

Pay for Three Months’ Advance £

P. E. 0.

At	the	Day	of	18

Gentlemen,

AT Three Days’ Sight, please to pay to or Order, the Sum of	being	for	Three	Months’

Advance of Pay to me, between the	Day	of

and the	Day	of

To the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Navy, London.

Navy Office, the	Day	of	18. .

No.

THE Sum of	to be paid by the Treafurer

of His Majefty’s Navy, out of Monies received under the Head of Wages to pay Officers, being for Three Months’ nett Pay in advance, to the	Day	of	18	.

E. F. 1

G. H. > Commissioners of the Navy.

L K. 3

CAP. XXL

An A61 to revive and continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Adis made in the Forty seventh and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.	[29th April	1817.]

47 G. 3- SeE 2. * TTTHEREAS an A61 was made in the Forty seventh Year c. 54-	*	VV of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to

prevent improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland, to continue in force from the palling thereof for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament : And Whereas by an A 61 made in the Fiftieth Year of His present 50 G. 3 0,109. Majefty’s Reign the said recited A6t was continued for Two ‘ Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session * of Parliament, and amended: And Whereas by an A6t made in

< the

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C*21, 22.

59

4 the Fifty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign both the said 4 recited A6ls were further continued for Two Years, and from 4 thence until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament; and 4 it is expedient that the said recited A6ls of the Forty seventh and 4 Fiftieth Years of His present Majefty’s Reign should be revived and 4 further continued Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited A61 of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, as the said Adt is amended by the said recited A6t made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, and also the said recited Adi of the said Fiftieth Year, shall be and the said Two Adis are hereby revived and further continued, and shall be, remain and continue in force for Two Years, from and after the palling of this Adi, and from thence until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. XXII.

An Adi to amend Two Adis of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His Majefty’s Reign, to provide for the better * Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Conftables in Counties in certain cases.	[29th	April 1817.]

WHEREAS an Adi was palled in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign to provide for the better Execution 6 of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates * and additional Conftables in Counties in certain cases ; which Adi 4 was amended by an Adi passed for that Furpofe in the Fifty fifth 4 Year of His Majefty’s Reign : And Whereas, by and under the 4 Provifions of the said first recited Adi, Power is given to the Lord 4 Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for 4 the Aid and Support of any Chief Magilirate, duly appointed as 4 therein mentioned, respectively to appoint a Chief Constable, and 4 any Number of Sub Conftables not exceeding Fifty ; and by the 4 Provifions of the said last recited Adi, in case the Office of such 4 Chief Magiftrate shall extend into Two Counties, a similar Power 4 is given to place a similar Eftablifhment, if necessary, under his 4 Orders, in each of such Counties : And Whereas it may be fuffi-4 cient in certain cases to appoint One Chief Magiftrate only for 4 more Baronies than One, or for a more extended Diftridl in the 4 fame County, provided that such Chief Magiftrate shall have the 4 Aid and Support of an increased Number of Chief and Sub Con-4 ftablesBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint, for the Aid and Support of any such Chief Magistrate, such and so many Chief and Sub Conftables as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think proper: Provided always, that there shall not in any case be more than One such Chief Constable, nor more

than

revived and further continued.

54 G.3.C.13T,

55G.3.c.t.;.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Chief and Sub Conftables to afllft the Magistrates.

The Number.

Hosted

60

C.22,23.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.18i7*

Recited Afts to extend to such Condables.

Lord Lieutenant may direct Two Thirds of the Salaries, Expen ces, &c. of executing recited A6fs to be paid out of Conloli-dated Fund, and the Refidue only to be borne by Prefentment.

Accounts of Proclamations, and Appointments and Expences, to be laid before Parliament.

7 G. 2. c. i3.

than Fifty stich Sub Constables, for any One Barony or Half Barony, or for any County of a City, or County of a Town, or Diflridt of less Extent than any Barony or Half Barony of such County in which such Diflridl is situate.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Claufes and Provifions in the said Adis respectively contained shall apply to all and every the Chief Constable and Chief Constables, Sub Constable and Sub Conflables so to be appointed, in the same manner in all re-fpedls as if they had been appointed under the said Adis respectively.

‘III. And Whereas, under the Provifions of the said recited Adis, 4 all and every the Salaries, Allowances, Cofls, Charges and Ex-4 pences therein mentioned respectively are directed to be borne and 4 defrayed by Prefentment in manner therein provided respectively ;

4 and it may happen that the whole of such Expence may in certain 4 cases be found too burtbenfome upon the County, Barony, Half 4 Barony or other Diftridl or Part of a County by which the said 4 Salaries, Allowances, Cofls, Charges and Expences are by the said 4 Adis required to be borne and defrayed by Prefentment as afore-4 said Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by the Advice of the Privy Council in Ireland, to order and direct that any Part or Portion not exceeding Two Thirds of all and every Salaries, Allowances, Rents, Taxes, Cofls, Charges and Expences, which shall at any time after the passing of this Adi be incurred or become payable under the Provifions of the said recited Adis or either of them, or of this Adi, shall absolutely and finally be payable and paid by and out of the Confolidated Fund, and that the Refidue only shall be borne and defrayed by Presentment, in manner in the said Adis provided respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall from time to time cause Accounts to be prepared of all Proclamations issued under or by virtue of the said recited Adis, specifying the Counties, Baronies and Diflridls by such Proclamations respectively declared to be in a State of Difturb-ance ; and also of the Names of all Chief Magiflrates and other Officers appointed for the Execution of the said recited Adis in such Counties, Baronies and Diflridls respectively; and also of the Amount of all Salaries, Allowances, Rents, Taxes, Cofls, Charges and Expences incurred in consequence of any such Proclamations ; and that such Chief Secretary shall cause such Accounts to be from time to time laid before both Houfes of Parliament within One Calendar Month next after the Commencement of each Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIII.

An Adi to further continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Adi of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo. [29th April 1817.]

4 WHEREAS an Adi was made in the Seventh Year of the 4 VV Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, 4 intituled An All for the Revival of an All ?nade in the Thirteenth

4 Tear

Hosted

A.D.1817*

57° GEO. III.

C. 23, 24.

G1

4	of	the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First,

4 intituled An Aft for the free Importation of Cochineal during the 4 Time therein limited, and also for the free Importation of Indigo,

4	which was to continue in force, from the Twenty fourth Day of 4 June One thonfand seven hundred and thirty four, for the Term 4 of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next 4 Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Adis was 4 further continued from the Expiration thereof until the Twenty 4 fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen :

4 And Whereas by an Adi palled in the Fifty fourth Year of His 4 present Majesty the said Adt was revived from the said Twenty 4 fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen,

4 and continued in force until Nine Months after the Conclufion of 4 the then present War : And Whereas by an Adi palfed in the lash 5^ G. 3. c. 2.

4 Seflion of Parliament the said Adi was again revived and further

4 continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand

4 eight, hundred and seventeen : And Whereas it is expedient that

4 the said Adi Ihould be further continued Be it therefore enadled

by The King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That the said Adi shall continue in force from the said Twenty 7 G. 2. c. iS.

fifth day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen until [unrth^r con“

the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and

twenty.

II.	And be it further enacted, That this Adi may be altered, Aft may be amended or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be palfed in the prefent	*	*

Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An Adi to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Adi, palled in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An

AEl for the further Improvement of the La?id Revenue of the Crown>	[23d	May	1817*]

4 \%J HEREAS by an Adi palfed in the Fifty third Year of the 53 G. 3. c 4 VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for making § I-4 a more convenient Communication from Mary le Bone Park and the 4 Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in the Par fie of Saint Mary le 4 Bone, to Charing Cross within the Liberty of Wellminller, and 4 for making a more convenient Sewage for the fame> it was enacted,

4 that the Commissioners for the time being of His Majelty’s Woods,

4 Forefts and Land Revenues Ihould be and they were thereby ap-4 pointed Commissioners for carrying the Purpofes of the said Adt 4 into Execution, and they were thereby empowered to borrow and 4 take up at Interefi: from time to time such Sum or Sums of 4 Money to enable them to carry the several Purpofes of the said 4 Adi into Execution, as they Ihould judge necelfary, not exceed-4 ing the Two several Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds, and 4 One hundred thousand Pounds : And Whereas by an Adi palfed 54 G.3.

4 in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, § 28.

4 intituled An Aft for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue 4 of the Crown, it was amonglt other things enacted, that it Ihould 4 and might be lawful to and for the Commissioners for executing

4 the

Hosted

f^-

Certain Capital Monies or Corporate Funds may be advanced on the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown.

C. 24.	57° GEO. III.	A.D.	181?.

*	the said recited A£f patted in the Fifty third Year of the Reign

*	of His present Majesty, by and with the Approbation of the < Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the 4 Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three ‘ or more of them, and notwithstanding any Provision, Reftri6tion c or Claufe contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to 4 His Majefty’s Land Revenues, to borrow and take up at Intereft 4 such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners for 4 executing the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, 4 with such Approbation as aforesaid, should judge necessary for the 4 Purpofes of the said A£t, not exceeding what should then remain 4 to be raised of the said Two Sums of Five hundred thousand 4 Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, by any Loan or c Loans upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown ; 4 and it was thereby further declared and enacted, that it should 4 and might be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Bodies 4 Politic or Corporate, or Companies, (other than except the 4 Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Governor 4 and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South 4 Seas and other Parts of America, and the United Company of 4 Merchants of England trading to the East Indies,) to advance or 4 lend any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part or Parts of the 4 Capital or other Monies or Funds of or belonging to such Person 4 or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, not ex-4 ceeding what should then remain to be raised of the said Two 4 Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thou-4 sand Pounds, to the said Commissioners for executing the said 4 last mentioned A£t, upon the Credit of the said Land Revenues 4 of the Crown, so as that all such Loans should be made by and c with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer or the 4 Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer 4 for the time being, or any Three or more of them, who was 4 or were thereby authorized to issue his or their Warrant or War-4 rants for that Purpose: And Whereas the said Commissioners 4 for carrying the said recited A& of the Fifty third Year of the 4 Reign of His present Majesty into Execution, have, since the 4 passing of the said last recited A61, borrowed of the Corporation 4 of the Royal Exchange AJfurance the Sum of Three hundred 4 thousand Pounds in Part or the said several Sums of Five hundred 4 thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, upon the 4 Credit of the said Land Revenues: And Whereas it would tend 4 to facilitate the raising the Remainder of the said Sums of Five 4 hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, if 4 the Powers of the said recited A£t of the Fifty fourth Year of 4 His present Majefty’s Reign were extended in manner herein after 4 mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enatsted; and be it enabled by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it ffiall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies whatsoever, to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part or Parts of the Capital or other Monies or Funds of or belonging to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic

or

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.24.

63

or Corporate, or Companies, not exceeding in Amount what now remains to be raised of the said Two Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, to the Commissioners for the time being for executing the said recited Adi of the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His said Majefty-, upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown, subject and without Prejudice to the Sum so already advanced by the said Royal Exchange AJfurance Company, and to the Provifions made by the said recited Adi of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment of the Intereft thereof, (fo as that all such Loans be made by and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commillioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, who is or are hereby authorized to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for that Purpose,) not with Handing any thing contained to the contrary in an Adi of Parliament made and passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Aft for granting to their MajeJlies several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vejfels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for fe-curing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Aft mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War againjl France ; or in an Adi of Parliament made and passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to amend and continue, until One Month after the Condition of the present War, the Provifions contained in an Aft passed in the Sejfion of Parliament of the Thirty sixth and Thirty seventh Tears of His present Majesty, Cap. 91. (videlicet), on the Twenty second of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, for the Rejlriftion on Payments of Cafh by the Bank ; or in any other Adt or Adis of Parliament for further continuing the said last mentioned Adi of Parliament, or the Provifions thereof, or the said Reftridlion on Payments of Cafh by the Bank ; and notwithstanding any thing contained in any other Adi or Adis of Parliament, or Statute, or Charter, Bye Law, or Ordinance; and that every fueh Loan so to be made shall be deemed to be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, a Loan upon a Parliamentary Security; and the said Land Revenues of the Crown shall be deemed and taken to be, and are hereby declared to be, a Part or Parts, Branch or Branches of the Revenues of His Majesty, upon which a Credit of Loan to the Extent of the respective Sums so to be advanced or raised under the Provifions of this Adi is granted by Parliament, and upon which any Part or Parts of the Capital or other Monies or Funds of any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies whatsoever, may be advanced within the true Intent and Meaning of any Adi or Adis of Parliament, Charter, Bye Law, Statute or Ordinance whereby any Monies are authorized or permitted to be advanced upon Parliamentary Security, or any Part or Parts, Branch or Branches of the Revenue of His Majesty upon which a Credit of Loan is granted by Parliament; and every such Loan shall be good, valid and effectual; any Exception contained in the said recited Adi of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of his faid

Majesty,

Such Loan to be made with the Approbation of the Treasury,

notwithftanding

5 & 6 W. & M. c. 2.0.

38G.3.C.1.

or any other Adt of Parliament.

Every such Loan deemed a Loan on Parliamentary Security.

Hosted

64

C.24.

57n GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Provifo for Loan by Royal Exchange AfiTur-ance Company.

Persons advancing Money to have Certificate thereof signed by the Commif-fioners.

Form of the Certificate.

Majesty, or any Proviflon contained in the Statutes of Mortmain, or in any other Statute, Charter, Bye Law or Ordinance, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; but fubje£t and without prejudice to the said Loan so advanced by the said Royal Exchange AJfurance Company, and the Provifions so made for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment of the Interefl thereof as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies whatsoever, who shall agree to lend any Money upon the Credit of the said Land Revenues, shall receive a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said recited A61 of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, in the Form or to the Effe6l following :

4 IN Pur^uance a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lord 4 High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and * Ireland, [or, from the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury 4 of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as the case 1 shall be~] bearing Date the	Day	of	,

4 we, A. and B., Two of the Commissioners for executing an A 61 4 passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 4 intituled An Ad: for making a more convenient Communication from 4 Mary le Bone Park and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in 4 the Parijh of Saint Mary le Bone, to Charing Cross within the Li-4 herty of Westminster, and for making a more convenient Sewage for 4 the fame ; in exercise of the Powers vested in us by the said A 61, 4 and by another A 61 passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign 4 of His said Majesty, intituled An Ad for the further Improvement 4 of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and of another A 61 passed in 4 the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled 4 An Ad \_here insert the Title of this Ad~] do hereby certify, that 4 C. Z). \infert the Name, Title or Defeription of the Person or Per-4 foils, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company, by whom or 4 on whose Behalf the Loan is to be advanced] hath [or, have] con-4 tradled and agreed to advance and lend to the said Commissioners 4 for executing the said A6ts, upon the Credit of the Land Revenues 4 of the Crown, the Sum of	to	be applied by them

4 for and towards the carrying the several Purpofes of the said A6ls c into Execution ; which Sum is to be paid by the said C. D. to 4 One of the Cafhiers of the Bank of England, and to be carried to 4 the Account of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts 4 and Land Revenues, being 4 The New Street Account ;’ and 4 from and immediately after the Payment of the fame in manner 4 aforesaid, the said Sum of	shall, by virtue of the

4 said A6ls, become and be a Loan charged upon the Whole of the 4 Land Revenues of the Crown, (but fubje6t and without prejudice 4 to the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds advanced by the 4 Corporation of the Royal Exchange AJfurance, and to the Provi-4 fion made by the said ASt of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s 4 Reign for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment of the 4 Interest: thereof) ; and such Revenues shall, fubje£t as aforesaid, 4 from thenceforth be charged with and liable to the Repayment of £ the said Capital Sums so to be advanced by the Inftalments, in 4 the Proportions, and at or upon the Days or times hereinafter 15	4	mentioned,

Hosted by

A.D. 3 817*

57° GEO, III.

C. 24.

65

1 mentioned, that is to fay, \_here insert the Terms agreed upon for the 4 Repayment,] and to the Payment of Intereft for the said Principal 4 Sum, or so much thereof as shall from time to time remain un-4 paid, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, [or 4 lejfer Rate as the case may he,J such Intereft to be computed from 4 the time the said Principal Sum shall be so advaneed, and to be paid 4 Half Yearly, until the Whole of the said Principal Sum, and Inte-4 rest thereon, shall be fully paid and discharged. Given under our 4 Hands and Seals, this	Day of

4 One thousand eight hundred and

And every such Certificate shall be witnessed by One of the Secretaries or Clerks for the time being to the said Commissioners for carrying the said recited Acts into Execution ; and upon the Production of such Certificate or Certificates, the Cafhiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall and are or is hereby required to accept and receive the Sum or Sums therein specified, and at the Foot or Back of such Certificate to acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee or' Reward ; and the Receipt to be given by such Cafhier of the Bank, at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate as aforesaid, shall be in the Words and Figures following, or as near thereto as may be ; (that is to fay,)

4 RECEIVED the	Day	of	One

4 thousand eight hundred and	of	and from A. B.

4 the Sum of	of	lawful	Money	of Great Britain,

4 being the Sum to be paid into the Bank of England pursuant to the 4 above Certificate, and which Sum is placed to the Account of the 4 Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Re-4 venues, being 4 The New Street Account.’

4 Witnefs my Hand 4 For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

(Signed)	Cafhier.’

Which said Certificate and Receipt shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majefty’s Land Revenues for the County of Middlesex, on Payment of the usual Fees for such Enrolment, and a Minute or Extra£l thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and also in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for executing the said recited A<ft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty ; and every such Certificate and Receipt, when so given, granted, and enrolied, shall be and they are hereby declared to be conclusive Evidence of the Advance of every such Loan, and of the Day or time of making such Advance.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any such Certificate and Receipt shall be so signed, enrolled and entered as aforesaid, every such Loan or Loans, the Receipt whereof shall be so acknowledged as aforesaid, shall be and the fame is and are hereby charged upon the whole of the said Land Revenues of the Crown, (fubjedf and without Prejudice to the Loan so advanced by the said Corporation of the Royal Exchange AJfurance, and the Provifions made by the said recited A 61 of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment of the Intereft 57 Geo. III.	F	thereof

Certificate to be witne/Ted by One of the Secretaries or Clerks to the Commii'-fioners.

Receipt by Cafhier oi the Bank.

Form of Receipt.

Certificate and Receipt to be enrolled in Office of Auditor of His Majefty’s Land Revenues for Midddcx.

Loans charged on Land Revenues.

Provifo for Loan by Royal Exchange AfTur-ance Company.

Hosted

66

C.24.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Treasury to make Payments accordingly.

In case any Part of the Principal Loan, or of the lntereft thereof, be unpaid for Three Months, the fame to be advanced by Treasury.

Monies advanced to be replaced out of the first Monies to a rife from the Laud Revenue. Provifo for Royal Exchange Aflurance.

Loans andDeeds exempted from Stamp Duties.

thereof as aforesaid,) and such Revenues shall from thenceforth be lubjedl and liable to such new Loan or Loans, and the Repayment thereof and the lntereft thereof, at such Rate, in such manner and by such Proportions, and at such time or times, as shall be stipulated and agreed upon by and between the said Commifiioners for the time being for executing the said recited Adi of the Fifty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, making such Advance, and as shall be mentioned, fpeciiied or expressed in the said Certificate, and the Lord High Treasurer or the Commifiioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, is and are hereby-authorized, empowered and required to make such Payments accordingly, when and as the fame shall become due and payable out of the said Land Revenues of the Crown, after Payment of the necefiary Charges of the Management thereof, prior to any other Application of such Land Revenues (fave and except so far as such Revenues are or ought to be applied in the Repayment of the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds so advanced by the said Corporation of the Royal Exchange AJfurance, and in the Payment of the lntereft thereof in the mean time as aforesaid).

IV.	And be it further enabled, That in case it shall happen that any Payment of Interell accruing upon any Loan or Loans to be made in pursuance of this Adi shall not be satisfied out of the said Land Revenues within the space of Three Calendar Months after the fame shall have become due, or in case any Portion or Part of the Principal of any such Loan or Loans shall not be paid or discharged out of the said Land Revenues within the like Space of Three Calendar Months after the fame shall have become due, that then the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, is and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, upon the Demand or Requifition of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company, who shall have made such Loan or Loans, or be entitled to such In-tereft or fucji Portion of Principal as shall be so in Arrear, due or unpaid, to niake Payment of such lntereft or Principal (as the case may be) which shall be so in Arrear, due or unpaid, out of any Monies at his or their Difpofal, granted by Parliament for the Supplies of the then current Year.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Payment shall be advanced or made from or out of such Supplies for the Purpofes aforesaid in pursuance of this Adi, that then the Amount thereof shall be made good and replaced to the Credit of such Supplies out of the firit Monies which shall arise from the Receipt of the Land Revenues of the Crown, after Payment of the ne-cefiary Charges of Management thereof, and of any Sum or Sums which shall be then due or payable for or in respect of the Loan so advanced by the said Corporation of the Royal Exchange AJfurance, and in preference to any Charge whatsoever upon the fame.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That no Loan which shall be advaneed, nor any Certificate or Receipt which shall be made or given for the fame, by virtue of this Adi, nor any Agreement, Deed or Inftrument in relation thereto, shall be subject or liable to any ad

13	valorem

Hosted by

A.D. 1817*

57° GEO. III.

C. 24, 25.

valorem Duty, or other Stamp Duty whatsoever imposed by any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Aft or Afts of Parliament, unless such Loan or Certificate, Receipt, Agreement, Deed, or Inftrument, shall be specially subjected and specifically charged in and by such future A cl or Afts of Parliament.

CAP. XXV.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft, made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of AflefTed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and to exempt such Dwelling Houfes as may be employed for the foie Purpofe of Trade, or of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, from the Duties charged by the said Aft.

[23d May 1817.]

c WHEREAS by an Aft pafied in the Forty eighth Year of VV the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AElfor i repealing the Duties of Affeffed Taxes, and granting new Duties In 6 lieu thereof, and certain Additional Duties to he consolidated there-‘ with ; and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, c and granting new Duties In lieu thereof\ to he placed under the Ma-

*	nagement of the CommiJJioners for the Affairs of Taxes, certain Duties « were granted to His Majesty upon Houses, Windows and Lights,

6 as fet forth in the Schedule to the said Aft annexed, marked (A.)

*	and upon inhabited Houses, as fet forth in the Schedule to the

*	faid Aft annexed, marked (B.) : And Whereas it is become usual c in Cities and large Towns, and other Places, for One and the fame 4 Person, or for each Person where two or more Persons are in Part-

*	nership, to occupy a Dwelling House or Dwelling Houfes for their c Refiftence, and at the same time One or more separate and diftinft

*	Tenements or Buildings, or Parts of Tenements or Buildings, for c the Purpofes of Trade, or as Warehoufes for Lodging Goods,

6 Wares or Merchandize therein, or as Shops or Counting Houses, 4 and to abide therein in the Day time only for the Purpofes of fuch

*	Trades respectively, which have been charged with the said recited ‘ Duties, although no Person shall inhabit or dwell therein in the

*	Night time; and it is expedient in such cases to exempt from the 6 said Duties such Tenements or Buildings, or Parts of Tenements 6 or Buildings, as are or shall be foiely employed for the Purpofes 4 herein mentioned ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aisembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, on due Proof made in the manner herein dirested, to the Satisfaction of the respective Commifiioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Aft, that any Person or any Number of Persons in Partner-Chip together respectively occupy a Tenement or Building, or Part of a Tenement or Building, which shall have previously been occupied for the purpose of Refidence wholly, as a House for the Purpofes of Trade only, or as a Warehoufe for the foie purpose of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting

F 2	House,

67

48 G,3. c.55.

Tenements which have been occupied as Dwelling Houles shall not be charged to Duties under recited Aft when employed l'olely for the Purpofes of Trade, or as Warehouses, Shops, v;c.

Hosted

6S

C.25.

57» GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

But such Tenements may be brought into Afleflment. Persons claiming Relief to give Notice to Af-feflor, &c.

Tenements to be infpe£ted by AfTeffits, &c.

If such Tenement used for any other Pur-pole, then Com-miAloners to af-fefs accordingly.

A ffe Amc-nts made on such Premifes for the Years ending 5th April 1816 and 5 th April 1817

House, no Person inhabiting, dwelling or abiding therein, except in the Day time only, for the Purpofe of such Trade, such Person or each of such Persons in Partnerfhip respectively residing in a fepa-rate and distinct Dwelling House, or Part of a Dwelling House, charged to the Duties under the said Adi, it shall be lawful for the said Commifiioners, according to the Provifions of this Aft, to dif-charge the Affeffment made for that Year in respect of such Tenement or Building which shall be so used for the Purpofes of Trade, or so employed as a Warehoufe for the foie Purpofe of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting House ; any thing in the said Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all fuch

Tenements or Buildings, whether employed wholly for the Purpofes of Trade or as Warehoufes for the foie Purpofe of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting House, may be brought into AfTeffment as Dwelling Houfes in the manner directed by the said Aft ; and every Person intending to be relieved from the AfTeffment made in respect of his or her Tenement or Building used for the Purpofes of Trade, or as a Warehoufe for the foie Purpofe of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting House, by virtue of this Aft, shall in such case give Notice thereof to the Affeffor or Surveyor of or for the Parifh or Place where such last mentioned Tenement or Building shall be situate, and at the same time deliver a Declaration in Writing, flating the Parifh or Place where the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or Part of a Dwelling House used as the Reft-dence of him, her or them, or his, her or their Family or Families, are respectively situate ; and every Affeffor or Surveyor to whom such Notice and Declaration shall be delivered, and every Surveyor of the Diftrift acting for such Parifh or Place, whether he shall have received such Notice and Declaration or not, who shall have Information of such Claim being made or to he made, shall upon Request, from time to time and at all times in the Day time, be admitted to inspect and survey the Tenement or Building described to be so emploved, as well internally as externally, and shall inquire and examine into the Ufes and Purpofes to which the fame is or has been employed ; and if after any such Claim made, or before or after Allowance thereof, it shall he difeovered that the fame Tenement or Building hath been employed for any other Ufe than for the Purpofes of Trade, or as a Warehoufe for lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or as a Shop or Counting House, or that any Person doth inhabit or dwell therein, except as aforesaid, then on due Proof thereof before the said Commifiioners, they shall and are hereby required to assess and charge the said Tenement or Building as a Dwelling House to the Duties granted by the said Aft, notwithstanding such Claim or any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary :	Provided	always, that nothing hereinbefore contained fhall

be construed to impeach or affect any Exemption from the said Duties expressly contained in the said recited Aft.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

for the Commifiioners acting in the Execution of the said recited AC' , - • ■ s Aft to discharge any Affeffments which shall have 1 - r. ".vsto r the Years ending the Fifth Day of April One thou-f	eight hundred and sixteen, and the Fifth Day of April One

thou fan d

Hosted

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C.25.

69

thousand eight hundred and seventeen respectively, on the Owner or Occupant, upon Houses, Tenements or Buildings, which under the Provifions of this ACt would have been exempted from the Payment of Duties in case the said A Cl had related to fuchlaft mentioned Affeffments ; and in all cases where Affeffments so discharged fhali have been previously paid by the Parties, it fhali be lawful for the said Commissioners to certify such Difcharge or Difcharges, with the Caufe or Caufes thereof, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and in that case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to order and direCt the Receiver General of the County, Riding or Division, who fhali have received the Sums so paid under such discharged Affeffments, to repay the fame to the Party ; which Order fhali be an Authority to such Receiver General to repay the fame, and such Repayment fhali be allowed in his Accounts: Provided always, that no such Affeffment fhali be discharged except upon a Notice and Declaration being delivered by the Party making the Claim to the Affeffor or Surveyor of the Parifh or Place, in the same manner as is required with respect to the Exemption allowed by this ACL

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Occupier of any Mill or Place of Manufacture or Warehouse, not being Part or Parcel of any Dwelling House, nor attached or adjoining to any Dwelling House, nor having any internal Communication therewith, may by the Licenfe in Writing of the Commissioners of the DiftriCt, signed by them, or any Three or more of them assembled at any Meeting, after due Notice given by the Occupier of such Mill or Place of Manufacture, appoint any One of his or her Servants named in such Licenfe' to watch and guard the said Mill, or Place of Manufacture or Warehouse, in the Night time, and that the abiding of such licensed Servant therein, for the purpose of watching and guarding the fame, fhali not render the Occupier thereof liable to any of the Duties granted by the said recited ACL ‘ V. And Whereas by the said recited A 61 certain Windows or

*	Lights in the Room of any Dwelling House, used as a Dairy or

*	Cheefe Room, are exempted from the said Dudes, provided that 6 the said Window's or Lights fhali be made with Splines or Wooden 6 Laths, or Iron Bars or Wires, and wholly without Glafs : And c Whereas it is expedient to exempt from the said Duties on Win-4 dows or Lights One Window or Light in any Dwelling House 6 being a Farm House, occupied by a Tenant, and bonaJide used for 6 the purposes of Hufbandry only, in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, One Window or Light in any Dairy or Cheefe Room, or Room used as a Dairy and Cheefe Room in any Farm House before described, which fhali be used by the Tenant of such Farm House for the purpose of keeping Butter or Cheefe, or both, being the actual Produce of such Farm, for Sale or private Ufe, although the said Window or Light be made with Glass, fhali be exempted from the said Duty under the fame Terms and Conditions as Windows or Lights made with Splines or Wooden Laths, or Iron Bars or Wires, and without Glass, are by the said A Cl exempted from the said Duty ; provided that the Regulations of this A Cl respecting Warehoufes and other Places used for the purposes of Trade, in order to obtain the

F 3	Exemp-

to be discharged, and Money paid under such Af-felfments to be repaid by the Receiver General.

But no AflefT-raent discharged but upon Notice, &c.

Mills or Places of Manufassure, 8cc. not attached to a Dwelling House not liable to Duty, though a Servant licensed to guard the fame abide therein.

Provifo for One glazed Window in a Dairy in a Farm House.

Regulations of this A& refpe£l-ing Warehoufes applied to such Windows.

Hosted

70

C. 25, 26.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817'

48 G. 3. c. 14a.

49 G. 3. c. 64.

52 G. 3. C..129.

36 G.3.C.53.

Extending the granting of Annuities to Per-fons 21 Years old, and under

35-

Commissioners may receive 4I. or 5I. per Cent. Stock for Pur-chafe of Life Annuities.

Average Prices of such Stock to

Exemptions granted by this Aft, and the Powers veiled in the Surveyors of entering, viewing and examining the fame, shall be duly ob-served, practised and applied in regard to Windows or Lights in Dairies and Cheefe Rooms, as fully and effectually as if the fame Regulations and Powers were respectively repeated and expressly applied to the said last mentioned Windows or Lights.

CAP. XXVI.

An Adi to amend and render more effectual Four several Afts passed in the Forty eighth. Forty ninth, Fifty second, and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.	[23d	May 1817.3

4 XI7HEREAS an Aft passed in the Forty eighth Year of the 4 VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for enabling 4 tloc Commissioners for the Redu3ion of the National Debt to grant 4 Life Jlnnuities : And Whereas another Aft passed in the Forty 4 ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to amend an 4 A3 passed in the lajl Session of Parliament, for enabling the Com-4 miffioners for the Redu3ion of the National Debt to grant Life An-4 nuities : And Whereas another Aft passed in the Fifty second Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for amend-4 ing Two A3s passed in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Tears of 4 His present Majessy,for enabling the Commissioners for the Redu3ion 1 of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities : And Whereas ano-4 ther Aft passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, intituled An A3 to amend and render more ejfe3ual Three 4 federal A3s passed in the Forty eighth, Forty ninth and Fifty 4 second Tears of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners 4 for the Redu3ion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities : 4 And Whereas it is expedient that the said Afts should be amend-4 ed, and further Provifions made for rendering the fame more effec-4 tualBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to extend the granting of Annuities to and for the Life of any single Nominee, or to and for the joint Lives of any Two Nominees, and the Life of the longer Liver, who shall be of the Age of Twenty one Years, and under Thirty five, according to the Provisions, Limitations, and Reftriftions of the said recited Afts, except so far as the fame shall be altered and varied by this Aft ; and in order to facilitate the Purchafe of Life Annuities, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to accept and receive either Four Pounds per Centum or Five Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, as the Confideration for the Purchafe of Life Annuities; and for the Purpofe of ascertaining the Price of such Stock or Annuities, the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby required, on every Day on which any of the said Annuities shall have been bought at the Bank of England, to cause an Account to be made out of the Average Price thereof, according to the Regulations prescribed by

Hosted

C. 26.

71

the said recited A&s in the case of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities; which Account shall be transmitted to the Officer to be appointed for that Purpofe by the said Commiffion-ers, for enabling him to ascertain the respective Amounts of the Life Annuities which may be purchased under the Provifions of this A6t.

II.	And be it further enacted, That when any Four Pounds per Centum or Five Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities shall be transferred for the Purchafe of Life Annuities, that such Four Pounds or Five Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities shall be firfb converted by the Computation of the said Officer into Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (at the Option of the Purchafer) according to the Average Price of those Stocks, to be ascertained as directed by the said recited A6ls, and the Life Annuities to be granted thereon shall be calculated and ascertained upon the Amount of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, including Fractions (if any) produced by such Converfion.

III.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to accept and receive Money in lieu of any Bank Annuities recited in this A£l, or in lieu of Bank or Long Annuities in any of the said recited A6fs, as the Confideration for the Purchafe of Life Annuities; provided that the Annuity to be granted in such Cafes ffiall be ascertained and computed upon the Amount of Stock including Fractions (if any) which would have been produced if such Money had been previously invested in either Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (at the Option of the Purchafer) according to the Average Price thereof, to be ascertained as hereinbefore directed ; and a Charge of Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be made upon the said Purchafer or Purchafers for every entire One hundred Pounds of Three Pounds per Centum Stock produced as aforesaid, to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to grant a deferred Annuity _or Annuities upon the Life of any single Nominee, of the Age of Twenty one Years or upwards at the time of Contract, to commence at any future Period to be fixed by the Purchafer, or to grant an Annuity or Annuities upon the Contingency of One Life, of Twenty one Years or upwards at the time of such Purchase, fur-viving another assigned Life, not being under the Age of Twenty one Years as aforesaid ; the first Half Yearly Payment of which latter Annuity ffiall commence on the Second Quarterly Day of Payment immediately following the Death of such assigned Nominee ; but previous to the Payment of the said last mentioned Annuity, a Copy of the Burial Regifter of the said Nominee (or some other satisfactory Proof) ffiall be produced to the said Officer, accompanied by such and the like Affidavits as are required to be made and taken on the purchafmg of Life Annuities by the said recited A As ; and upon the Produ&ion of such Proof the said Officer is hereby required to certify the fame to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; Provided always, that it ffiall not be lawful to contra£t for or to grant any deferred or contingent Life Annuity as aforesaid, unless an Annuity amounting to Five Pounds or upwards ffiall have been previously purchased, under the Provifions of

F 4?	this

he made out and transmitted ro Officer.

5I. and 4I. per Cent. Scook to be converted by Calculation into 3I. per Cent. Stock.

Money may be accepted in lieu of Bank Annuities for the Purchafe of Life Annuities.

Authorizing the Grant of deferred Annuities.

Copy of Burial Regifter of Nominee produced to Officer with Affidavits.

Hosted

72

Regulations re-fpedting Com-miffioners graining further Annuities to Per-fors who have purchased Life or deferred Annuities.

Commissioners may receive Stock or Money from time to time for the Purchafe of Life Annuities dr deferred Annuities.

In case of Death of Parties before the Completion

C.26.	57° GEO. III.	A.D.	1817.

this or the before recited Adis, upon the Life of the Person to be so nominated.

V.	And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of enabling further Purchafes to be made by any Person or Persons on whose behalf any Life Annuity, or deferred or contingent Annuity, shall have been already granted, under the Provifions of this Adt or of either of the before recited Adis, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to accept the Transfer of any of the aforesaid Three Pounds, Four Pounds or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities to their Account in the Books of the Bank of England, the Amount of which shall not be less than Twenty Pounds, or to accept and receive in Money an Equivalent thereto, in lieu of the said Three Pounds, Four Pounds, or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be computed and ascertained according to the Average Price of Three Pounds per Centum Con-fcdidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, as hereinbefore directed, as the Confideration for an additional Annuity, to be valued and ascertained according to the Age of the Party nominated at the time of purchaflng such additional Annuity, in pursuance of the Provifions of this or the said recited Acts.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That for the Purpofe of extending the Facilities for purchaflng Life Annuities, it lliall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to accept and receive at all times the Transfer of any of the aforesaid Three Pounds, Four Pounds, or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities to their Account in the Books of the Bank of England, the Amount of which shall not be less than Ten Pounds, or to accept and receive in Money an Equivalent thereto, in lieu of the said Three Pounds, Four Pounds or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be computed and ascertained according to the Average Price of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, as hereinbefore directed, as the Confideration for any Life Annuity or Annuities to be purchased under the Provifions of this or the before recited Adis; which said Sums of Money the said Commissioners shall from time to time cause to be laid out in the Purchafe of Bank Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be placed to their Account ; and the Interefl arising from the Inveftment thereof, and also the Interefl of all such Sums of Stock transferred as aforesaid, shall in like manner from time to time, as the fame shall arise and become due, be laid out and invested in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, and shall continue to accumulate for any Period to be fixed by the Purchafer or Purchafers, or by some Person on his, her or their behalf; provided, that at the time of making the first Payment in Money or Transfer of Stock as aforesaid, the Purchafer or Purchafers, or some Persons on his, her or their behalf, shall agree to convert the whole of the Stock which may be then accumulated (except as herein excepted) into an Annuity upon the Life of the Person to be nominated at the Expiration of the time so fixed and agreed upon, fuch'Nominee being then Twenty one Years or upwards, or into a deferred or contingent Annuity upon the Life of such Nominee as aforesaid, under the Provifions of this or the before recited Acts.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in the event of the Death of the Person or Persons so contracting before the Completion of

the

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.2 G.

73

the time agreed upon for converting the whole of the Stock which shall have so accumulated into a Life Annuity as specified in such ContraCt, the Probate of the Will of such Person or Persons, or Letters of Administration, shall be produced at the Office of the Commirtioner for the Reduction of the National Debt, and also an Affidavit of Identity, ilating the Day on which such Person or Persons so contracting shall have died, to be made by his, her or their Executors, Adminiflrators or Afligns, (as the case may be) to enable the said Officer of the said Commissioners to certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Amount of Stock to be transferred from the Account of the said Commissioners (all Dividends from time to time due thereon being previously inverted) to the Person or Persons entitled thereto ; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank, being also the Agents of the said Com-miffioners, are hereby required to transfer from the Account of the said Commissioners to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, the whole Amount of Stock which shall have aCtually accumulated on behalf of the Person or Persons so contracting, up to the Day of his, her or their Decease, as specified in such Certificate.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein Money shall be the Confideration for any Life Annuity or Annuities to be granted under the Provifions of this ACt, such Money shall be paid by the Purchafer or Purchafers, or by some Person on his, her or their behalf, into the Bank, under a Certificate of the said Officer of the said Commissioners, and upon the Production of such Certificate to the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the.Bank of England, the said Caihier or Cafhiers shall and they are hereby required to receive all such Monies, and to place the fame to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in any case in which any Sums of Money, or any of the aforesaid Three, Four or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, or deferred or Contingent Annuities, shall be accepted and taken as the Confideration for any Life Annuity or Annuities, to use for the purpose of carrying this ACt into Execution the Form of Declaration and Certificates in the Schedules to either of the said recited ACts annexed, with such Alterations and Variations as it may be necessary to adapt to the Nature of the case ; and from time to time to fettle and fix the Rates for pur-chafing Life Annuities in all the aforesaid cases in which the fame shall not be otherwise made and provided, according to such Tables of the Probability or Duration of Lives as shall appear to the said Commissioners most applicable ; any Thing in the said recited ACts to the contrary notwithstanding.

i X. And Whereas it is expedient that the Schedules marked 6 (A.) and (B.) to. this ACt annexed, should be adopted in lieu of 6 the Schedule marked (F.) to the said first recited ACt, and in lieu i of the Schedule to the said recited ACt of the Forty ninth Year c of His present Majefty’s Reign ;* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the parting of this ACt, the said Two last mentioned Schedules shall be and the fame are hereby repealed, and the Schedules to this ACt annexed, marked (A.) and (B.), shall be fubfti-tuted for and in lieu thereof; and shall be used and applied for all the Purpofes to which the said Schedules were used or applicable.

‘ XI. And

of Purchafe of Annuities, Stock to be transferred to Executors,

When Money is to be paid for Purchafe of Annuities, the fame to be paid into the Bank of England.

Commifliouers to use Forms of Declaration and Certificates, and fi x Rates of Purchafe of Annuities according to former Acts.

Schedules (A.) and (B.) to be adopted in lieu of Schedule (F.) in 49 G. 3. c. 64.

Hosted

74

C .26.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.lSi;.

Acceptnnce oF Annuities by One of the Pur-chalers, where Two or more are named, or by feme Person on his behalf, to be lufficient.

Officer of Com-millioners to ad-niiniiter Oaths,

free of Expence.

Perjury.

Certain Regif-ters of Death of Quakers or Dif-fenters to be taken in Evidence.

6 XI. And Whereas in and by the above recited Aft of the c Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it is c enacted, that every Life Annuity purchased as therein mentioned c should be accepted at the Bank of England by the Person or Per-

*	fons purchasing the fame, or by some other Person or Perfons

*	duly authorized on his, her or their behalf, before he, {he or they i should be entitled to receive the fame : And Whereas in cases ‘ where Life Annuities are purchased in the Names of Two or more

<	Perfons it is found inconvenient to require the Acceptance thereof c by all the Purchafers ;* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Aft, in all cases where any Life Annuity already has been or hereafter shall be purchased under the said recited Afts or any of them, or of this Aft, in the Names of Two or more Persons, the Acceptance thereof by One of the Persons by whom or in whose Names the fame may have been or shall be purchased, or by any Person or Persons duly authorized on his or her behalf, shall be sufficient to entitle the Purchafers to receive Payment of such Annuity from time to time as the fame shall accrue and become due, in like manner to all Intents and Purpofes as if such Annuity had been accepted by all the Persons in whose Names the fame had been or shall be purchased ; any thing in the said recited Afts or of this Aft to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That in order to facilitate the purchasing or receiving any Life Annuity or Annuities in pursuance of this or the said recited Afts, it shall be lawful in all cases in which any Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations, is or are required to be made and taken by this or the said recited Afts, for the said Officer of the said Commissioners to administer such Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations ; and he is hereby empowered and required to administer the fame in all such cases (free of Expence to the Parties) ; any thing in this or the said recited Afts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person, in any Affidavit or Affirmation to be taken before the said Officer under the Provifions of this or the said recited Afts, shall wilfully or corruptly swear or affirm any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

‘ XIV. And Whereas it is expedient that Burial Regifters of c any Nominee or Nominees, extracted from the Records of the 6 Society of Friends, commonly called Quakers, or from the Re-

<	cords of diftenting or other Chapels (not being Parochial), should c be admitted by the said Officer of the said Commissioners for the

<	Purpofes of this and the said recited Afts Be it therefore enacted, That the said Officer shall and he is hereby empowered to admit such Burial Regifters as evidence of the Death or Burial of any Nominee or Nominees, the fame being duly certified under the Hands of the Regiftrar thereof; provided that in all such cases the said Burial Regifter shall be accompanied by an Affidavit of Identity, to be made and taken by and before such and the like Person or Persons, or before the said Officer, as is required on the Death of

any

Hosted

A.D.1817.	57°	GEO.	III.	C.26.	75

any Nominee or Nominees by the said recited Afts or this Aft ; any thing in the said recited Afts to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

No.

FORM of the Certificate to be granted in order to enable the Receipt of the Annuity from time to time at the Bank of England•

4 J DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank 4	of England,	in pursuance of the Provifions of an Aft passed in

4 the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4 intituled An Ad; [here insert the Title of this Ad~\ That A. B.

4 the Nominee [or, in case of Two Nominees, One of the Two No-

*	minees] [or, the Survivor of the Two Nominees] described in the

*	Certificate numbered” as above, and dated the	Day

4 of	granted for the Purpofe of enabling

4 the Transfer of

*	per Centum Bank [or, Long] Annuities, or Payment of

4	in	Money for the Purchafe of a Life

4 Annuity on the Life of the said Nominee, [or, on the Lives of the 4 said Nominees, and the Life of the longer Liver of them,] was 4 living on the	Day	of

4 on which Day a Half Yearly Payment of the said Annuity be-4 came due. Witnefs my Hand, this	Day	of

No	SCHEDULE	(B.)

FORM of Certificate to be granted in order to enable the Receipt of the Annuity from time to time at the Bank of England, upon the personal Appearance of the Nominee.

4 J DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank 4 of England, in pursuance of the Provifions of an Aft passed in 4 the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Maiefiy, in-4 tituled An Ad \here insert the Title of this Ad~\ That A. B. the 4 Nominee [or, in case of Two Nominees, One of the Two Nomi-4 nees] [or, the Survivor of the Two Nominees] described in the 4 Certificate numbered as above, and dated the 4 Day of	granted for the Purpofe of enabling the

4 Transfer of	per	Centum	Bank

4 [or, Long Annuities, or Payment of

4 in Money, for the Purchafe of a Life Annuity on the Life of the 4 said Nominee, [or, on the Lives of the said Nominees and the Life 4 of the longer Liver of them] appeared personally before me on * this	Day	of	.	Witnefs	my	Hand,

c the Day and Date above written.’

CAP.

Hosted

C .21.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

7 c

Duties on Buck Wheat imported repealed, and in-ftead thereof a Duty of ios. per Quarter shall be paid.

New Duty.

Buck Wheat may be ware-houfed under the Regulations of 43 G.3. c. 132.

The faidDuty to be paid on Buck Wheat on being taken out of Warehoufes for Home Con-fumption.

Duty how to be levied and recovered.

CAP. XXVIL

An A£t for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Buck Wheat

imported into this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties,

until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight

hundred and twenty one, in lieu thereof. [23d May 1817.]

4 WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Cuftoms 4 VV payable on the Importation into this Kingdom of Buck 4 Wheat should be repealed, and that other Duties of Cuftoms should * be imposed in lieu thereofBe it therefore enabled by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Duties of Cuftoms payable by Law upon BuckWheat imported into this Kingdom do cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen ; and that from and after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors, a Duty of Cuftoms of Ten Shillings for every Quarter containing Eight Bufhels of Buck Wheat: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the Importers, Proprietors or Confignees of Buck Wheat to pay the Duties upon the Importation and Landing thereof in case such Importers, Proprietors or Confignees shall lodge and secure the fame under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Mereliant, under the Regulations required by an A61 paHed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for permitting certain Goods imported Into Great Britain to be secured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duties and no other shall be charged and payable on any of the said Buck. Wheat which, having been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of the aforesaid A6t of Parliament without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out of any such Warehoufe or Place wherein the fame shall have been lodged or secured, for the purpose of being used or consumed in this Kingdom, after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, notwithstanding the fame may have been imported into this Kingdom on or before the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

III.	And be it further ena6ted, That the Duty of Cuftoms granted by this A6t shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner as the Duties on Buck Wheat hereby repealed were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered ; and the Goods shall be subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Seizures and Forfeitures^

Hosted

A.D.1817*

57° GEO. III.

C.27,28.

77

feitures, as such Goods were subject and liable to by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the PLUY t0 Duties imposed by this Aft, the necessary Charges of railing and *”t0 th® Ea*“d accounting for the fame excepted, shall from time to time be paid app]jecj a’s the into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Westminster, and former Duty, shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties

of Cuftoms imposed on the like Goods under the Head of Permanent Duties were directed to be appropriated and applied.

V.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, jt^r^a^pCtj.-s

amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this present g ^	*	’ Ali>

Seflion of Parliament.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall continue in Continuance of Force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hun-

dred and twenty one.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Aft: to extend the Powers of Two Afts for allowing BritiJJj Plantation Sugar and Coffee, and other Articles imported into Bermuda in British Ships, to be exported to America in Foreign VefTels; and to permit Articles, the Produce of Americay to be imported into the said Ifland in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles.	[23d	May 1817.]

*	TTTHEREAS an Aft: was passed in the Fifty second Year of c VV His present Majefly’s Reign, intituled An Aft to allow

British Plantation Sugar and Coffee imported into Bermuda in Britifh

5	Ships to he exported to the Territories of the United States of Ame-

*	rica in Foreign Ships or Fffels ; and to permit Articles, the Pro-4 duEtion of the said United States, to he imported into the said Ifland c in Foreign Ships or Veffels: And Whereas an Aft was passed in c the Fifty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An

6	Aft for further allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain c Articles at the Ifland of Bermuda: And Whereas it is expedient 6 that the said Afts should be extended so far as regards the Articles c to be allowed to be imported and exported p Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in Addition to the Articles enumerated in the said Afts it shall be lawful to import from the United States into the Ports mentioned in the Afts above recited, in Veffels of the Defcription therein stated, and under the like Authority, Reftriftions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, provided in the said recited Afts, the Articles of Fruit and Vegetables being the Produce of the said States; and in Addition to the Articles permitted to be exported by the said above recited Afts, to export from the said Ifland of Bermuda to the said United States, in such Veffels and under such Regulations as aforesaid, Rum and Melafles the Produce of any Brit'fh Colony or Plantation in the Wefl Indiesy which shall have been legally imported into the Ifland of Bermuda in any British Ship or Veffel.

CAP.

5*G-3. c. 79.

53 G.3.C.50.

In addition to the Articles enumerated in recited Afls, Fruit and Vegetables may be imported, and Rum and Me-lades may be exported, &c„

Hosted

52 G. 3- c. ioo.

45 G. 3. c. 57.

European Goods, Stc. may be exported from Newfoundland to the West Indies, &c. and from the West; Indies, &c. to Newfoundland.

C. 29.	57°	GEO. III.	A.D.1817.

CAP. XXIX.

An A& to extend to Newfoundland the Provilions of an ACl passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for permitting the Exportation of Wares, Goods and Merchandize, from any of His Majefty’s Iflands in the Wef Indies to any other of the said Istands, and to and from any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America, and the said Iflands and Colonies.	[23d	May 1817.]

4 TTTHEREAS by an ACt passed in the Fifty second Year of 4 VV the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to per-4 mit the Exportation of Wares, Goods and Merchandize from any 4 of His Majesty*s Ifands in the West Indies to any other of the said 4 Istands, and to and from any of the British Colonies on the Continent 4 of America, and the said Ifands and Colonies ; it is enacted, that 4 it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majefty’s SubjeCts 4 to export in any Britifh-built Ship or Veflel, owned and navigated 4 according to Law, from any one of the Iflands in the Wef Indies 4 belonging to His Majesty, to any other of the said Istands, or to 4 any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America, and 4 from any one of the said British Colonies in America to any of the * Iflands in the Wef Indies belonging to His Majesty, or to any 4 other British Colony or Plantation on the Continent of America,

4 any Goods or Commodities whatsoever of the Manufacture of Eu-4 rope, and also any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, dr Prize Goods,

4 which shall have been legally imported into any of the said Iflands 4 or Coionics, under the Rules, Regulations and ReftriCtions con-4 tained in an A 61 passed in the Forty fifth Year of His said Majefty’s 4 Reign, intituled An Aft to consolidate and extend the federal Laws 4 now in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of cer-4 tain Goods and Merchandize into andfrom certain Ports in the West 4 Indies: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provifions of 4 the said first recited A61 to the Ifland of Newfoundland Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this A61, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majefty’s Subje&s to export in any Britifo built Ship or Veflel, owned and navigated according to Law, from the said Ifland of Newfoundland to any of the Iflands in the Wef Indies belonging to His Majesty, or to any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America, and from any one of the said Iflands in the Wef Indies belonging to His Majesty, or from any one of the said British Colonies on the Continent of America, into the said Ifland of Newfoundland, any Goods or Commodities whatsoever of the Manufacture of Europe, and also any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or Prize Goods, which shall have been legally imported into any of the said Iflands and Coionics, under the Rules, Regulations and ReftriCtions contained in the said last recited ACt of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

CAP.

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

C.30, 81.

79

57° GEO. III.

CAP. XXX.

An Adi to regulate the Interefts and Periods of Payment of Navy, Vidlualling and Tranfport Bills. [23d May 1817.]

4	7"	HEREA.S	an	Adi	palled in the Thirty seventh Year of the

4 V V	Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB to provide

4 for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, ViBu ailing and Tranfport 4 Bills that shall be ijfued in future : And Whereas another Adi 4 palled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, intituled An AB to amend an AB made in the Thirty 4 seventh Tear of the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled An AB 4 to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling and 4 Tranfport Bills that shall be ijfued in future: And Whereas it is 4 expedient that the Commillioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of 4 the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Ihould be em-4 powered to regulate the Interelt and Period of Payment of Navy,

4 Victualling and Tranfport Bills ilfued after palling of this Adi May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enadied ; and be it enadied by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adi it shall be lawful for the said Commillioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, from time to time to order and direct whether any and what Intereft shall be payable upon Navy, Vidlualling and Tranfport Bills respectively, and also the Periods within which the fame shall respectively be made payable : Provided always, that no such Bills shall carry an Intereft exceeding the Rate of Three pence Halfpenny^/- Centum per Diem, to commence from the Date of the fame respectively, and to be paid at the time when such Bill shall become payable or be made payable, at any longer Periods than Ninety Days from the Date thereof respectively ; any thing in the said recited Adis, or any former Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enadied, That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable the said Lord High Treasurer or Commillioners of the Treasury for the time being to direct any Alteration to be made either in the Rate of Intereft or in the Period of Payment of any Navy, Vidlualling or Tranfport Bill ilfued or to be ilfued in Payment or Part Payment, or in pursuance and performance of any Contradl subsisting and in force at the time of the palling of this Adi ; but all such Bills shall be made payable at the fame Periods, and shall bear the fame Rate of Interect, as if this Adi had not been paifed.

CAP. XXXI.

An Adi for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raifecl by Lotteries.	[23d May 1817.]

[60,000 Tickets. ]

CAP.

37 G.3. c.26.

43 G. 3. c. 7.

Treasury may regulate the Intereft and Period of Payment of Navy Bills, &c.

But not to ex-ceedThree pence Halfpenny per Cent, per Diem.

Provifo for Bills ilfued or to be ilfued in purl'u-ance of any subsisting Contradl.

Hosted

so

C.32.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

52 G. 3- c. 139. $*•

§ 25-

Duties and Drawback on Stone Bottles granted by recited A& repealed, and in lieu thereof the following

Duties.

CAP. XXXII.

An Aft to repeal the Duties of Excife on Stone Bottles, and

charge other Duties in lieu thereof.	[16th	June 1817.]

‘ WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Fifty second Year of the 4 VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for granting 4 to His Majesty certain Duties on Stone Bottles made in or imported 4 into Great Britain, a countervailing Duty of Excife of Two Shil-

*	lings and Sixpence is imposed for every Hundred Weight of 4 Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Measure, made in‘Ire* 4 landy and imported from thence into Great Britain; and by the ‘ said Aft an Excife Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence is im-

*	pofed for every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding

*	Two Quarts Measure, imported from any other Place beyond the 4 Seas; and by the said Aft a Duty of Two Shillings and Six-4 pence is imposed for every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, 4 not exceeding Two Quarts Measure, made in Great Britain; 4 and by the said Aft a Drawback of Two Shillings and Sixpence 4 is granted and allowed for every Hundred Weight of any such 4 Stone Bottles as aforesaid, upon the Exportation thereof to any 4 Port or Place beyond the Seas, except the Iflands of Faro and 4 Ferro ; And Whereas, for the Proteftion of the Glafs Manu~ 4 faftures of the United Kingdom, it is expedient to repeal the 4 said Duties and Drawback, and to impose other Duties and grant 4 another Drawback in lieu thereofBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, all and fmgular the aforesaid Duties and Drawback shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, in lieu and instead of the Duties by this Aft repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succef-fors, the several Rates and Duties of Excife hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay,

For every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Meafure made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, a countervailing Duty of Excife of Five Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity :

For every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Measure, imported from any other Place beyond the Seas, an Excife Duty of Five Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

And for every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Measure, made in Great Britain, an Excife Duty

of

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

81

A.D.1817.

C. 32.

of Five Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity :

And that, in lieu and instead of the Drawback by this Adi repealed, there shall be paid, upon the Exportation of any Stone Bottles made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain, for and in respect whereof the Duties by this Adi imposed shall have been paid, and which shall be stamped in some visible Part thereof in the making thereof with a Mark, to be directed by the Commissioners of Excife, to any Port or Place beyond the Seas, except the Ifland of Faro and Ferro, an Excife Drawback of Five Shillings for every Hundred Weight, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Stone Bottles.

4 III. And Whereas by the said recited Adi every Bottle made of 4 Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay, the Mouth or Orifice 4 of which shall not exceed in Diameter the Diameter of the Neck 4 thereof by more than One Quarter of an Inch, and which shall not 4 exceed Two Quarts in Measure, and no other, shall be deemed 4 and taken to be a Stone Bottle within the Meaning of the said Adt: 4 And Whereas the above recited Defcription of the Stone Bottles 4 intended by the said Adi has by Experience been found to be infuf* 4 ficient Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen so much of the said Adt as is lastly above recited shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, every Bottle or other Veffel which may be used as or for a Bottle, made of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay alone, or mixed with any other Material or Materials, which shall not exceed Two Quarts in Measure, or the Month or Neck of which shall not exceed in Diameter, in the narrowefl Part of the Infide thereof, Three Inches, and no other, shall be deemed and taken to be a Stone Bottle within the Meaning of this Adi.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Adi imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excife in England for the time being, and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties and Drawback hereby imposed and granted shall be respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered and paid in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties and Drawback of Excife re-fpedlively hereby repealed were or might be raised, levied, collected, recovered and paid ; and the said Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities so by this Adi respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the said Duties irpposed, or entitled to the said Drawback respectively imposed and granted by this Adi, shall be and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reflridlions and Forfeitures to which such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities were generally or specially subject and liable by any Adi or Adis of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, respecting the

57 Geo. III.	G	Duties

Drawl ack.

52 G. 3. c.139. § 24-

repealed.

What deemed to be a Stone Bottle.

Duties under Commissioners of Excife.

Duties and Dravvback how to be levied and paid.

Hosted

C.32.

57° GEO. III.

Application of Duties.

Bottles not to be made of less Size or Content than Three Ounces in Meafure of dialled Water.

Penalty 50!.

Amount of Duties to be added to the

A.D. 181

H'

/•

Duties of Excife or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excife respectively, were or might be subject and liable ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, for securing the Revenue of Excife or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excife respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Direftions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the said several Duties of Excife and Drawback respectively hereby imposed and granted, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever as if all and every the said Afts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Direftions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and reenafted in the Body of this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Aft imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Bottles or other Veflels made of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay alone, or mixed with any other Material or Materials, shall make of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay alone, or mixed with any other Material or Materials whatsoever, any Bottle or Bottles, or other Veflel or Veflels which may be used as or for a Bottle or Bottles, smaller or of less Size or Content than Three Ounces in Meafure of distilled Water ; and if any such Maker or Makers shall make of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay alone, or mixed with any other Material or Materials whatsoever, any Bottle or Bottles, or any Veflel or Veflels which may be used as or for a Bottle or Bottles, smaller or of less Size or Content than Three Ounces in Meafure of distilled Water, such Maker or Makers so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint ‘or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively ; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the fame.

‘ VIII. And Whereas Contrafts or Agreements may have been ‘ made before the palling of this Aft by Dealers in Stone Bottles, « upon which Duties are by this Aft imposed for such Stone Bottles, 4 to be delivered after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight ‘ hundred and seventeen Be it therefore enacted, That such Dealers delivering such Stone Bottles made after the Fifth Day of

July

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 32, 33.

83

A.D.18I7.

July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, in pursuance of Prices fixed by such Contra&s or Agreements, shall be allowed to add lb much Contrcfts. Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this A6t imposed for or in refpebt of such Stone Bottles to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this A£t to be paid for the fame accordingly.

IX. And be it further enabled, That this visions thereof may be altered, varied or re made in this Session of Parliament.

A6t or any of the Pro- Aft may be

pealed by any A6t to be ;il'erecf	dus

r	J	Seffion.

CAP. XXXIII.	.

An A£fc to reduce the Allowance of Spirits, Tea and Tobacco for the Ufe of the Seamen on board certain Ships or Veffels making short Voyages.	[ 16th June 1817.]

* \X7^EREAS, by the Laws now in force, Ships or VelTels 4 V\ found at Anchor or hovering within the Limits of any 4.of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within certain Diftances of the 4 Coafts thereof, or which shall be difeovered to have been within the 4 said Limits or Difiances, and not proceeding on their Voyages,

4 Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Ne-4 ceffity and Diftrefs of Weather, of which Neceflity and Diftrefs the 4 Mafter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command 4 of such Ship or VefTel shall give Notice and make Proof before the 4 Colle&or or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms of any Port within 4 the Limits of which such Ship or VefTel shall be found, immedi*

4 ately after the arrival of such Ship or VefTel within the Limits of 4 such Port, having on board any Brandy or other Spirituous 4 Liquors in any VefTel or Calk which shall not contain Sixty Gal-4 Ions at the least, (except only for the Ufe of the Seamen then be-4 longing to and on board such Ship or VefTel, not exceeding Two 4 Gallons for each Seaman,) or having on board Six Pounds Weight 4 of Tea, or having on board any Tobacco in any Cafk or Package 4 whatever containing less than Four hundred and fifty Pounds 4 Weight, (except loose Tobacco for the Ufe of the Seamen on 4 board such Ship or VefTel, not exceeding Five Pounds Weight for 4 each Seaman,) then not only all such Goods, but also the Ship or 4 VefTel on board which they shall be found as aforesaid, with all 4 her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel are for-4 feited : And Whereas it has been found that great Quantities of 4 Spirits, Tea and Tobacco have been run into that Part of the 4 United Kingdom called Great Britain, without Payment of Du-4 ties, from Ships and Veflels making short Voyages, under Pre-4 text that the fame is for the Ufe of the Seamen on board the said 4 Ships and Veffels ; for Remedy whereof it is expedient that the 4 Quantities allowed for the Ufe of the Seamen in such cases ffiould 4 be reduced Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after Veffels (not the passing of this A6t, if any Ship or VefTel (not being square being lquare rigged) coming from any Place between Brejl 011 the Coaft of France j.JSSed) coming and the Helder Point on the Coaft of Holland, including the Texel bTtween Breft^ JJle and all Places on the Zuyder Zcey and all Iflands on the Coaft of and the Helder, France, the Netherlands and Holland, between Brejl and the Texel, &c. found hover-

G 2	fhall	ine,	&c.	having

Hosted

84

C. 33.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.J817.

on board for the Ufe of the Seamen more than the Quantity herein specified of Spirits, Tea or Tobacco, such Goods and Vef-fels forfeited.

Such Vefiels coming from any place between Breft and Cape Finifterre, &c. having on beard a larger Quantity of Spirits, &c. than herein mentioned, Goods and Vefiels forfeited in lilce manner.

shall arrive in any of the Ports of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or shall be found at Anchor or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, or within Four Leagues of that Part of the Coaft thereof which is between the North Foreland on the Coaft of Kent and Beachy Head on the Coaft of Sussex, or within Eight Leagues of any other Part of the Coaft of that Pan of the United Kingdom called Gnat Britain, or shall have been difeovered to have been within the said Limits or Distances, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Necefiity and Diftrefs of Weather, of which Necefiity and Diftrefs the Mailer or other Per-fon having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vefiel shall give Notice and make Proof before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Cuftom3 of any Port within the Limits of which such Ship or Vefiel shall be found, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vefiel within the Limits of such Port, having on board, for the Ufe of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vefiel any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors exceeding One Half of a Gallon for each Seaman, or having on board any Tea exceeding Two Pounds Weight in the Whole, or having on board any Tobacco, except loose Tobacco, not exceeding One Pound Weight for each Seaman ; then not only all such Goods, but also the Ship or Vefiel on board which they shall. be found as afore-said, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excifc.

II. And be it further enabled, That if any Ship or Vefiel (not being square rigged) coming from any Place between Brejl on the Coaft of France, and Cape Finisterre on the Coaft of Spain, including all Iflands on the Coafts of France and Spain between those Places, or coming from any Place between the Helder Point on the Coaft of Holland and North Bergen on the Coaft of Norway, or from ■any Place as far up the Cattegat as Goftenbsrgh9 including all Iflands on the Coafts between those Places, shall arrive in any of the Ports of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or shall be found at Anchor or hovering, or shall have been difeovered to have been within the said Limits or Distances, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Necefiity and Diftrefs of Weather, of which Necefiity and Diftrefs the Mafter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vefiel shall give Notice and make Proof before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms of any Port within the Limits of which such Ship or Vefiel shall be found, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vefiel within the Limits of such Port; having on board, for the Ufe of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vefiel, any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors exceeding One Gallon for each Seaman, or having on board any Tea exceeding Four Pounds Weight in the whole, or having on board any Tobacco, excepting loose Tobacco not exceeding Two Pounds Weight for each Seaman; then not only all such Goods, but also the Ship or Vefiel on board which they shall be found as afore -said, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer

Hosted

85

A.D. 1817-	57°	GEO.	III.	C.3S, 34.

or Officers of His Majefty’s Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures imposed by this A61 shall be sued for, levied and recovered by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Forfeiture is or may be recovered by any Law or Laws of Cuftoms or Excife, or by A6tion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

CAP. XXXIV.

An to authorize the Iffiie of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Confolidated Fund, to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fifheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of thje Poor in Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned.

[i6th June 1817.3,

* TTTHEREAS great Advantage may arise, under present Cir-4 VV cumstances, in affording Employment for the labouring 4 Claffes of the Community, by the Advance of Exchequer Bills 4 and Money out of the Confolidated Fund, to an Amount in the 4 whole not exceeding the Sum of One million seven hundred and 4 fifty thousand Pounds, to be lent by Commissioners in Great 4 Britain and Ireland refpe6tively, under certain Regulations and 4 Reftriftions, for the carrying on of Works of a public Nature,

4 commenced or which may hereafter be commenced under Autho-4 rity of Parliament; or for the Encouragement of the Fifheries,.. 4 or the Support of Collieries or Mines in the United Kingdom ; or 4 for the Employment of the Poor in the Parifhes in Great Britain ;

4 upon due Security being given, in all such cases, for the Repay-4 ment of the Sums so advanced within a time to be limited May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be ena6ledand be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of His Ma-jefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to cause or dire6l any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at His Majefty’s Exchequer in Great Britain, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, in the fame or like manner. Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Dire6lions (except where other Dire£tions for making out the fame are contained and particularly expressed in this A61), as in and by an A61 made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign cl His present Majesty, intituled An AB for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Billsy are ena6ted and prescribed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties,. Forfeitures and

G 3	Difabilities

Forfeitures how to be recovered.

His Majesty may authorize Treasury toifiue-Exchequer Bills not exceeding

ljJOO,ocol.

48 G 3. c. 1.

Powers of recited A<5t to extend to Exihe-

Hosted

C.34.

b l

GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

quer Bills made out under this Aft.

Bills to bear an Jntereft of Twopence Halfpenny per Cent, per Diem.

Times when payable.

Such Bills not to be exchanged by Receiver for Money before the Day appoint -ed for their Pay merits, &c.

Bills received at the Exchequer locked up as Cafli.

Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may older the Advance of t25o,oool. out of the Produce of the Confolidatcd Fund there, for the Purpofes of this Aft.

Difabilities contained in the said recited Aft of. the Forty eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, fhali be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Aft, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the said several Claufes or Provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Aft shall and may bear an Interefl not exceeding the Rate of Two pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein, and shall be made payable at such Periods as fhali be fixed by the said Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Lord High Treasurer for the time being ; but nevertheless so as that all such Bills as fhali be advanced for the carrying on of any Public Works, fhali be made payable within Three Years from the issuing thereof ; and all such Bills as fhali be advanced for the Aflifiance of any Parifhes in Great Britain shall be made payable within Two Years after Eajler One thousand eight hundred and eighteen ; and that the principal Sum contained in every such Bill, together with such Interefl as aforesaid, to be computed from the Day of the Date thereof until the time appointed foe Payment thereof, shall be paid off and discharged upon the Days and times respectively appointed for the Payment thereof.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Aft, or so many of them as fhali from time to time remain undifeharged and uncancelled after the respective Days on which they fhali become due and payable, fhali and may after that time pass and be current to all and every the Receivers and Colleftors in Great Britain of the Cufloms, Excife or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever due or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, and also at the Receipt of Exchequer in Great Britain from the said Receivers or Colleftors ; but no such Receiver or Colleftor shall exchange, at any time before the said Day of Payment thereof, for any Money of such Revenues, Aid, Taxes or Supplies in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Aft ; nor shall any Aftion be maintained again 11 such Receiver or Colleftor for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such Exchequer Bill for ready Money before the said Day of Payment thereof ; any Thing in this Aft to the contrary contained in anywise notwith-flanding ; and that such of the fame Bills as fhali be received at the said Receipt of Exchequer fhali and may be locked up and secured as Cafh, according to the Courfe of the said Exchequer fettled and established by Law for locking up and securing Monies received in Specie there.

V.	And be it further enacted, That at any time after the palling of this Aft, by or out of such Monies as fhali at any time or times remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, or out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom ariling in Ireland (after paying or reserving fufheient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Aft or Afts of Parliament to be paid in Ireland out of the said Confolidated Fund), there shall and may be issued, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ire-

7	land

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO, IIL

C. 34.

s7

land for the time being, from time to time, in manner and under the Regulations hereinafter mentioned and contained, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to be applied to the Purpofes of this Adi, in manner and under the Regulations hereinafter mentioned.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Ro- Names of Com-bert Seymour commonly called Lord Robert Seymour, the Honourable miffioners for William Lambe, Sir Thomas Dyke Acland Baronet, Sir Charles Ed- Great Britain. monjlotie Baronet, Sir James Sha<we Baronet, Sir John Perring Baronet, Thomas Sherlock Gooch Esquire, Edward John Hit t let on

Esquire, Charles Grant senior, Esquire, John Christian Curwen Esquire, Thomas Grimjlon EJlcourt Esquire, John Smith Esquire,

Henry Swann Esquire, Robert Matthew Cajberd Esquire, Thomas Reid Esquire, Benjamin Harrifon Esquire, John Thornton Esquire,

John Delafield Phelps Esquire, John Angerjlein Esquire, Joseph Berens Eiquire, and Charles Bofanquet Esquire, shall be and. are hereby conllituted Commissioners for the Execution of this Adi in Great Britain; and that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, may appoint by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to nominate and ap- Commissioners point so many and such Persons as he or they shall think fit, not ex- orheland, ceeding Fifteen in Number, to be Commissioners for the Execution of this Adi in Ireland, and the said Persons so to be nominated shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Execution of this Adi in Ireland; and all the said Commissioners are hereby respectively required to execute the Powers and Authorities given to them by this Adi, without any Fee, Reward, Emolument or Gratuity whatever.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That any Two of the said Com- Two Commif-

miffioners in this Adi named, before they shall enter upon the fioners to take Execution of this Adi in Great Britain, shall take an Oath before the following the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or the Mailer of the Rolls for the	^cr~

time being, in Great Britain ; and any Two of the Commissioners d.

to be appointed for the Purpofes of this Adi by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, shall, before they enter on the Execution of this Adi in Ireland, take an Oath before any One of the Barons of the Exchequer of Ireland; which Oath the said Chancellor, Mailer of the Rolls and Barons, or any or either of them, are and is hereby respectively authorized and required to administer ; the Tenor whereof shall be as foliovveth ; that is to fay,

4 J A.B. do swear, That according to the bell of my Judgment, I 4 will faithfully and impartially execute the several Powers and 4 Trulls veiled in me by an Adt, intituled An A& \_here fet forth 4 the Title of this AllJ, according to the Tenor and Purport of the 4 said Adi/

And every other of such Commissioners respectively shall likewise and the others take the fame Oath before such Two Commissioners, who are hereby	l,he	9at^

authorized and required to administer the said Oath, after they shall Two6 * themselves have taken the famfe as aforesaid.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Commissioners the Execution of this Adi in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, n™y meet, ap-fliall have Power to meet and fit from time to time in such Place or po\nt? •c *rs>

3!lu eld ID 1111 it.CT

G 4	Places	oaths,&c.

Hosted

88

C. 34.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817

and to allow 'Salaries, &c.

Officers in the Exchequer and in the Office of Vice Trea-furer in Ireland not to receive Eees unduly.

Commissioners may examine upon Oath Per-fons willing to be examined, and receive De-pofitions made before Magi-ftrates.

Places as they shall respectively find mod convenient, with or without Adjournment; and they or any Three or more of them respectively may appoint and employ a Secretary and so many Clerks and Mef-fengcrs as they shall respectively think meet; and it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of thi3 A£t in Great Britain, with the Confent and Approbation of the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, in Writing under their Hands, and for the Commissioners for the Execution of this A61 in Ireland, with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to allow to such Secretary, Clerks and Meflengers respectively such reasonable Salaries as to the said refpe£live Commissioners for the Execution of this A6t shall seem meet; and also to employ a Solicitor, and any Civil Engineer or Engineers, or Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, and to allow to such Solicitor, Engineer or Engineers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and other Officer or Officers, such Salaries, Rewards or Emoluments as the said Commissioners refpecftively shall think reasonable for their Care and Labour ; and to give and ad-minifter to such Secretary, Clerk, Solicitor, Engineers, Surveyors and other Officers respectively, an Oath for their faithful Demeanor in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trufts re-pofed in them by the said Commissioners respectively, and in all other things touching the Premifes ; and from time to time, at their Difcretion, to dismiss and discharge such Secretary, Clerks, Mefien-gers, Solicitor, Engineers, Surveyors or other Officers, or any or. either of them, and to appoint others in their Place ; and the said Secretary, Clerks, Solicitor, Engineers, Surveyors and other Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trufts in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any thing for such Service, other than such Salaries or Rewards as the said Commissioners shall direct, appoint and allow in manner by this A61 directed.

IX* And be it further enacted, That no Officer or other Person or Persons whatsoever employed in and about the Execution of this A 61 in the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Office of the Vice Treasurer for Ireland, shall demand, take or accept any Fee or Gratuity whatsoever for their Care and Labour, other than such Salaries, Allowances, Rewards or Emoluments as shall or may be granted to or be allowed to be taken by them refpecftively under the Authority of the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, in Great Britain, or under the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being in Ireland.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Execution of this A61, or any Three or more of them refpe6tively, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they or any One or more of them are and is hereby authorized to administer) all Persons who shall be willing to be examined touching all such Matters and Things as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers veiled in the said Commissioners by this A61, and also to receive any Affidavits or Depofitions in Writing, upon

Oath

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

a 34.

89

Oath or Affirmation, touching such Matters or things as aforesaid,

which shall be made before any Juftice of the Peace of any County,

or any Magiftrate of any City, Borough or Town Corporate in Great

Britain or Ireland, where or near to which the Person making fuch

Affidavit or Depofition shall reside, and certified and transmitted to

the said Commissioners respectively under the Hand and Seal of fuch

Juftice or Magiftrate ; which Oath or Affirmation every such Juftice

or Magiftrate shall be and is hereby authorized and empowered to

administer ; provided that in every such Affidavit or Depofition there Addition of

shall be expressed the Addition of the Party making such Affidavit Pany> &c* to be

or Deposition, and the particular Place of his or her Abode.	Affidavit11

XI.	And be it further enabled, That if any Person or Persons, persons giving upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Com- false Evidence miffioners for the Execution of this Ad respectively, or if any Per- guilty of Perjury, son or Persons making any such Affidavit or Depofition as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or fhall

in such Affidavit or Depofition wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm or allege any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Treasury to issue for the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Money for de^ Three or more of them, or the said Lord High Treasurer for the Q^es the time being, in Great Britain, and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Execution of this Chief Governor or Governors for the time being in Ireland, and Aft, of which an they are hereby respectively authorized and required, to ifTue and Account is to be advance or cause to be issued and advanced all such Sums of Money before Par-to such Person or Persons, in such manner and in such Proportions as 1,ament< the Commissioners for the Execution of this Ad in Great Britain or Ireland, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall by Writing under their Hands from time to time desire, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejl-minjler or Dublin respectively, to be replaced in the manner in this Ad mentioned ; which Sums so to be issued and advanced shall be employed for the Payment of Allowances, and in defraying all other necessary Charges and Expences in or about the Execution of this Ad, without other Account than before the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury ; and which Money so to be issued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate or Affeffment whatsoever imposed by Authority of Parliament ; but that an Account of the said Charges and Expences shall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, within Two Months after the Expiration of the said Com-miffions respectively, if Parliament shall be then fitting j but if Parliament shall not be then fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That on the Day next after this Ad shall have received the Royal Afsent, or as soon after as the Commissioners for the Execution of this Ad in Great Britain and in Ireland respectively, or any Three or more of them who shall have taken the said Oath, can respectively assemble, the said Commissioners shall respectively proceed to receive, or shall appoint a proper Per-

Comrniffioners to meet to receive or appoint a Person to receive Applications in Writing for the Loan of Exchequer Bills,

Hosted by

C.34.

57* GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

and to ascertain the Amount immediately wanted.

Having Regard to the Security offered, and other matters herein mentioned.

Commissioners to caule Applications to be clafTed, and to eftablifK Regulations for apportioning the Sums to be advanced.

Such Regulations to be entered, and thereupon to consider Applications and make Inquiries, and determine accordingly.

son for receiving, all such Applications in Writing as shall be made to them respectively from any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company or Companies of Proprietors, or Person or Persons engaged in or desirous of carrying on or interested in any Works of a public Nature, carried on or which may hereafter be carried on under the Authority of Parliament, in any Part of the United Kingdom, or any Applications for the Encouragement of Fifheries, or the Support of any Collieries or Mines, or from any Parifhes in Great Britain, for the Loan and Advance of Money, by Exchequer Bills or otherwise, according to this Aft; and the said Commissioners shall also then fix and appoint subsequent Days for taking into their Confideration all such Applications, and shall meet together for that Purpose, and shall proceed with all convenient Difpatch to ascertain the Amount of the Sums which in their Judgment it will be expedient to advance under this A6t, in pursuance of Applications made for such Afliftance ; having Regard, in considering all such Applications as shall be made for the carrying on of such Public Works, Fifheries, Collieries or Mines, to the Benefit which may arise in affording Employment for the labouring Claffes of the People, and the Numbers to be emploved, and to the ultimate Security which may be afforded by the Rates and Tolls of such Public Works for the Repayment of the Money advanced ; and in considering all such Applications from Parifhes in Great Britain, to the special Difficulties experienced in the Parifhes requiring Aflistance, and to the Sufficiency of the Securities which may be proposed, whether on the Parifh Rates or otherwise.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners for the Execution of this Aft shall and they are hereby respectively required, before any Appointment shall be made of any Exchequer-Bills, or Money to be advanced under this Aft, to cause all the Applications delivered to such Commissioners respectively to be classed according to the Amount of the Sums respectively applied for, and the Nature of the Securities tendered, and the Circumstances, as far as the fame shall appear upon the said Applications, and thereupon to draw up and establish such general Rules and Regulations for their own Government in the apportioning and distributing the Sums to be advanced and lent in Exchequer Bills or Money under this Aft, to the several Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Persons, or Parifhes applying for the fame, as they in their Difcretion shall deem equitable and just ; all which Rules and Regulations shall within a convenient time be entered in a Book or Books to be prepared and kept by such Commissioners respectively for that Purpofe ; and the said several Commissioners for the Execution of this Aft, according to the true Purport and Meaning of such general Rules and Regulations as aforesaid, shall proceed to take into their Confideration all such Applications which shall specify the Amount of the Sums required to be advanced a9 aforesaid, and which shall tender any Security which the said Commissioners are authorized by this Aft to take for the Payment of the Sums to be advaneed, and which shall also specify the Nature thereof; and from time to time, on Inquiry into the fame respectively, shall determine what Bodies Politic and Corporate, Companies, Persons and Parifhes, shall in their Judgment be entitled to any Part of the Exchequer Bills or Money to be advanced or lent under this Aft, and to what Amount, and shall afcertain

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 34.

91

When Commif-fioners have determined on the

ifliie Bills in G. B. agreeably to i'uch Certificates*

Provifo.

iffne Warrants for Advances agreeably to Certificate of Commiffioners

certain the Nature and Amount of the Securities to be required from them for the fame respectively.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Ad in Great Britain ffiall have respectively determined upon any Amount of such Bills to be advanced under the Provifions of this Ad, the said Commissioners Amouiit^Mo-ffiall forthwith respectively certify such Amount to the Auditor of v£mced andcer-the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Westminster for the time tified the fame, being, who on such Certificate or Certificates being deposited in his Auditor of the Office shall cause and direct to be delivered to the Bearer or Bearers Exchequer 10 thereof, in the manner and under the Regulations specified in this Ad, Exchequer Bills payable at such Periods and to such Amount as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Ad ffiall direct, provided that the total Amount to be issued by virtue of such Certificates shall not at any one time exceed the Amount of Exchequer Bills directed to be issued under this Ad ; and every such Exchequer Bill ffiall bear Date on the Day on which the said Certificates

ffiall appoint and direct, and ffiall and may be signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or in his Name by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to sign the fame.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the In the like case said Commissioners for the Execution of this Ad in Ireland ffiall have in Ireland Lord determined upon any Amount of such Money to be advanced under ^eu\e^anta^ the Provifions of this Ad, the said Commissioners ffiall forthwith certify such Amount to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by one or more Certificate or Certificates under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them ; and the Lord Lieutenant or other there, as by Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being ffiall,

on Receipt of any such Certificate, direct his Warrant to the Vice Treafufer of Ireland for the issuing such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be specified in such Certificate, out of the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, in manner directed by Two Ads, the one made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 54 G. 3. c. 83. An Aft for the more effectual Regulation of the Receipts and IJfues of His Majefy’s TreaJ'ury, and for securing the due Application of Money coming into the Hands of the Public Accountants in Ireland ; and the other made in the lait Session of Parliament, intituled An 56 G. 3. c. 98, Aft to unite and consolidate into One Fund all the public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland ; and to provide for the Application thereof to the general Service of the United Kingdom ; and every such Certifi- Certificate to be cate ol the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Ad in Ire- preiented at Of-land, ffiall be presented at the Office of the said Vice Treasurer for ficeofVice Ireland, together with such Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant or	'

other Chief Governor or Governors ; and every such Certificate ffiall Auditor of the be deposited and ffiall remain in the Office of the Auditor General Exchequer, of the Exchequer in Ireland ; provided, that the whole Amount of Money to be issued by virtue of such Certificates of the said Com-miffioners, shall not at any one time exceed the Sum of two hundred and fifty thoul'and Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Com- Commissioners miffioners for the Execution of this Ad, or any Three or more of may appoint them respectively, shall fix and appoint other proper and convenient	^

Days for taking into Confideration such further Applications as ffiall ther Appfica^"

from tions from time

Hosted

C. 34.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

to time, foe. and certify to Trea-fury, who may direct further Bills to be ifiTued, &c.

I/ilhs of Exchequer Bills made out to be delivered to the Commissioners.

Lift of Warrants from Lord Lieutenant to be delivered to Commissioners.

Perfonsto whom Bills Hull be advanced to enter into Security as Commissioners shall deem necessary.

Security to be by Writing obligatory to the ICing.

from time to time be made to them, and shall afeertain the Amount of such Exchequer Bills or Money as shall be required to be from time to time issued for the Purpofes of this Aft, and shall by like Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid certify the fame to the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or the said Lord High Treasurer for the time being in Great Britain, or to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors in Irelandwho shall respectively, on Receipt of any such Certificate, direct further Exchequer Bills or Money to be issued to such Amount from time to time, until the whole of the Bills to be made out, and of the Money to be advanced in pursuance of this Aft, shall have been issued for the Purpofes aforesaid ; and the said several Commissioners for the Execution of this Aft shall from time to time proceed respectively to determine to what Amount such Exchequer Bills or Money shall be advanced under this Aft, and shall grant Certificates thereof, in such Form and under the like Rules and Regulations as are hereinbefore mentioned concerning the Exchequer Bills or Money to be first issued or advanced as aforesaid ; and the proper Officers shall from time to time deliver such Exchequer Bills or ifliie such Money in the Form and manner before directed.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That such Officers by whom such Exchequer Bills shall be delivered shall from time to time, upon Requifition of the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Aft in Great Britain, deliver to them at their Office complete Lifts of all the Exchequer Bills made out by them, specifying therein the respective Dates and Sums expreiTed therein, and the Periods appointed for the Payment of the fame, and distinguishing therein the Persons to whom and the Numbers of the Certificates by virtue whereof the fame were issued respectively.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That the Auditor General of the Exchequer in Ireland shall without Fee or Reward from time to time, upon Requifition of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Aft in Ireland, deliver to them complete Lifts of all Sums issued by Warrants of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and countersigned according to Law by the said Vice Treasurer, specifying the respective Dates and Sums expressed therein, and distinguishing the Persons to whom and the Numbers of the Certificates in confe-quence whereof the said Warrants were issued respectively.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom such Exchequer Bills or such Sum or Sums of Money respectively shall be advanced or lent, for the Ufe of any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company or Companies, in the United Kingdom, or Parifh or Parifhes in Great Britain, or for any such other Purpofe as aforesaid, under the Provifions of this Aft, shall previously enter into such Security in such Sum or Sums of Money as the case may require, and as the several Commissioners for the Execution of this Aft, or any Three or more of them, shall respectively deem necessary ; which Securities the said Commissioners respectively, or any Three or more of them, shall by their Difcretion have full Power and Authority to cause to be taken ; and every Security to be taken in pursuance of this Aft shall be by Writing obligatory to our Sovereign Lord The King, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed by such Commissioners respectively, or any Three or more of them, by virtue of this Aft, to be paid to our

faid

Hosted by

57* GEO. III.

C.34.

93

said Lord The King, by such Form of Words as Obligations to The King’s Majesty have been used to be made, and with such Conditions to be thereunder written as by such Commifiioners respectively shall be deemed proper ; and that all such Obligations to be so made shall be good and effectual in the Law, and shall be of the fame Quality, Force and Effeft to all Intents and Purpofes as any Obliga* tion made to our Sovereign Lord the now King or his Predeceffors, or any of them, hath at any time heretofore been or now is adjudged^ received or taken to be; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided, that no Person who shall enter Perrons lo giving into any such Security for any Money to be advanced for carrying Security not on of any Public Work, or for the Encouragement of any Fifhery, k°bnd or Support of any Colliery or Mine, shall be liable in respect of any feription! ” such Security for any larger Amount than the Sum for which any such Person shall respectively become personally bound by his individual Subfcription.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Depofit of Stock lawful for the said Commifiioners respectively, in every case under may be received this A61, to accept and take any Depofit or Transfer of any Public mtteadof per-Funds, Stock or Securities, or to accept a Charge upon the Poor’s fonal security. Rate of any Parifh in Great Britain, as hereinafter mentioned, in lieu

and instead of personal Security.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Afiiftance Commifiioners afforded by the Loan or Advance of any Bills or Money under the to require Mort-Provifions of this A61, for the carrying on of any such public Works, SaS*8 ^^olls of Collieries or Mines, the several Commifiioners for the Execution of aUC0(]Caterai S ^ this Aft shall, in Addition to the Security required to be taken Security, from the Persons applying for such Afiistance, require and take Mortgages, Aflignments or other competent Security, upon the

Rates, Tolls and Receipts accruing or which may at any time thereafter accrue, arise or be taken, collected or received by or for the Ufe of the Body Corporate or Politic, or Company of Proprietors,

.or Persons interested in the public Work in respect or in aid of which the Advance of Bills or Money under this Aft shall have been made, for the securing the Repayment of the full Amount of the Bills or Money advaneed, together with all the Interefi which may arise and become due upon such Amount ; and it shall be lawful for Proprietors o* any such Body Corporate or Politic, or for the Company of Pro- such Works em-! prietors to whom any such public Work shall belong, or for the re- P(nveredt0. fpe6live Trustees, Commifiioners, Committees of Management, or priority over all other Persons, by whatever Name or Names calied, under whose Securities, ex-Care, Management or Control, any such public Work shall be, to cept those of mortgage, afllgn and secure such Rates, Tolls or Receipts to the Se- b?na fide Cre-cretary of the said Commifiioners respectively, in such manner as ditors entitled to shall be required by the said Commifiioners respectively, and also to tht?rRrircipal any Person or Persons who shall have become Security for any Ad- a£ Well as vances made under the Provifions of this Aft, as a collateral Secu- Intereft. rity to the Person or Persons who shall have entered into any such Security for the due and full Payment of the full Amount of all Bills or Money so advaneed, together with Interefi thereon, according to the Provifions of this Aft ; and all such Mortgages, Heritable Bonds, Aflignments and other Securities, shall have Priority over and shall precede all other Securities, and all Dividends and Divi-fion of Profit or Interefi upon any Sums advanced Or contributed,

or

Hosted

94

C. 34.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

It' Four Fifths of Creditors con--sent, Mortgage of Tolls to Com-mififioners, or to X^erfons giving Perfonal Security, to have Priority over Claims of all Creditors of like Defcription.

or which may thereafter be advanced or contributed for the carrying on or completing of any such public Work, save and except such Sums as shall have been advanced by way of Loan, before the Advance of such Bdls or Money, by any Persons as bond Jlde Creditors, and entitled as such to the Repayment of the principal Money advanced by them, as well as Intereft thereon ; any thing contained in any AT or ATs of- Parliament relating to any such public Work, in aid or in refpeT of which any such Bills or Money shall have been advanced under the Provifions of this AT, to the contrary in any-wife notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enaTed, That in every case in which Four Fifth Parts in Amount in Value of the Creditors who have Securities of a like Nature upon the Rates, Tolls or Receipts arising out of any public Work in aid or in refpeT of which any Application shall be made for the Advance of Bills or Money under the Provifions of this AT, shall agree and lignify their Confent in Writing that a Priority over their Claims as such Creditors shall be given to the Commissioners for the Purpofes of this AT, or to any Persons who have applied for such Alliftance in refpeT of ,such Advance, then and in such case the Mortgage, Alignment, or other Security given by the Body Politic or Corporate, or Company of Proprietors, or Persons interested in any such public Work, to the Secretary of such Commissioners refpeTively, and to the Person or Persons upon whose Perfonal Security such Advance of Bills under this AT shall have been made, shall have Priority over the Claims of all the Creditors of a like Description, as well as such Creditors as have not agreed or assented to such Priority, as to those who have so agreed as aforesaid ; any thing contained in any AT or ATs of Parliament relating to any such public Work as aforesaid, or any thing contained in any Mortgage, Alignment or other Security upon such Rates, Tolls or Receipts given to any such Creditors, to the con-

trary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enaTed, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this AT in Ireland, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to make any Advance of Money under this AT in aid of any public Work in Management of Ireland carried on under the Management and DireTion of Com-Commjflioners millioners appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or under the Management and DireTion of the Corporation of any City or Town, or of any other Body Politic or Corporate in Ireland upon the Credit of any Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits which are or shall be levied, paid and applied under the Authority or Control of any such Commissioners or Persons so appointed ; and that in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Execution of this AT in Ireland, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direT such Advance to be made upon Mortgage or Affignment of such Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits only, without requiring any Person or Persons to enter into any Perfonal Security by Writing obligatory to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, in manner herein before mentioned ; any thing in this AT contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that on all Money

fo

Money may be advanced for public Works in Ireland on Mortgage of Rates under the

appointed by the Lord Lieutenant, or under the Management of Corporations, &c. without personal Security.

Intereft at 61. per Cent, per Annum, and Principal Money repaid by a Sinking Fund as herein mentioned.

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.34.

95

so advanced there be paid an Intereft after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, and that the Principal Money so advanced shall be repaid by Means of a Sinking Fund of not less than Six Pounds per Centum, within such time as the Commissioners for the Execution of this A6I, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, shall direct and appoint, and as shall be specified in the Mortgage or Alignment to be made for such Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits, pursuant to the Directions of this A61.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful Money may be for the Commissioners for the Execution of this ACt in Great ac^.ncTl *°,r . Britain, to make any Advance of Money under this A6f in aid of Great Brita in 'in any public Work, upon the Credit of any Rates, Rents, Tolls or certain cases, on Profits arising from any public Work which shall be in part com- Mortgage of pleted, and the Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits of which shall pro- Rates of Works duce a clear actual Surplus, after Payment of all Expences of Ma- comPleted> nagement, of not less than double the Amount of the Sum necessary to pay the Intereft of the Sum required to be advanced ; and also upon the Credit of the Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits of any public Work which shall be in part completed, but which shall not have produced any Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits, or the Rates, Rents,

Tolls or Profits of which shall be less than such double Amount as aforesaid, or which shall not be commenced ; provided that in each Provifo as to of such last mentioned cases the said Commissioners shall be satisfied Amount of Mo-of the Pra&icability and Utility of the Work, and of the Rates, expended onfuch Rents, Tolls and Profits being, when the Work shall be completed, Works, an adequate Security ; and provided that the Corporation, Company or Perl'on or Persons carrying the fame into Execution, shall expend or deposit, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, before any Advance shall be made under the Provifions of this A61, a Sum equal to not less than One Half Part of the estimated Cofts for the Completion of the whole Work : Provided always, that in In the Eftimate the Eftimate of the Sum to be so expended or deposited, the said °ftde Sum t0 be Commissioners may, if they shall fee fit, take into Confideration Mo- th^Commif0* nies already expended upon such Work, but so as that in no case the fioners may *on_ further Expenditure or Depofit required as aforesaid shall be less than fijer the Monies One Third of the estimated Cofts for the Completion of the whole already expend-Work; and in every such case such Advance may be made upon ed*

Mortgage or Affignment of such Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits

only, without requiring any Person or Persons to enter into any

Perfonal Security by Writing obligatory to His Majesty, His Heirs

and Succeffors, in manner herein before mentioned ; any thing in this

A61 contained to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided always, Intereft at 5].

that on all Money so advanced there be paid an Intereft after the Per ^ent* Per

Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum ; and that the Prin-

cipal Money so advanced shall be repaid by means of a Sinking Fund an(j Principal*

of not less than Five Pounds per Centum, within such time as the Monies repaid

Commissioners for the Execution of this A6t shall direct and appoint, by a Sinking

and as shall be specified in the Mortgage or Affignment to be made ^Lmd-

for such Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits, pursuant to the Diredtions

of this Adt, unless Provifion shall be otherwise made to the Satis-

fadbion of the Commissioners for the Repayment of such Principal

within Ten Years at the fur theft : Provided also, that in every case Parties applying

the Parties making Application for any such Advance shall under- for Money to

take

Hosted

D6

C.34.

57* GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

undeitake and to complete the Work.

Money may be advanced for building, enlarg ing or repairing Churches.

Security on the Pews, &c.

Trustees of Roads to whom Advances are made under this A&mayincreafe Tolls for Repayment.

Separate Account of such additional Tolls to be kept.

Commissioners for Drainage for which Advances shall be made,

take to complete any Work so approved by the said Commifiioners, and on which any such Advance may have been made, at their own proper Cods and Charges, in case the Expence of completing the fame shall exceed the estimated Amount as aforesaid.

XXVI.	Provided also, and be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the said Commifiioners respectively to advance any Money under this A6t for the building, enlarging or repairing of any Church or Parochial Chapel in the United Kingdom, upon having a Sum equal to One Half Part of the estimated Expence of such Building, Enlargement or Repair subscribed for or deposited or veiled in any public Fund, without requiring any such Perfonal Security as aforesaid ; and in every such case it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens of the Parifh to which such Church shall belong, or the Trustees of the said Church or Chapel, and they are hereby authorized and required to make Rates, and shall give the Pews in Security for the Repayment of the Intereft of the Monies advanced under the Provifions of this Ad, and for providing annually a Fund of not less than the Amount of the Intereft upon the Sum advanced for the Repayment of the Principal thereof.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of any Road for which any Advance shall be made under the Provifions of this Ad, or the major Part of the Trustees, not being less than Two Thirds of the Number of Trustees present at any Meeting called together by Notice given in the usual manner in which Notices are given for assembling such Trustees Six Days at the least before the Day appointed for the Meeting, and in which Notice the Purpofe for which the Meeting is afiembled shall be stated, to make an Order for laying on of such additional Tolls, not exceeding in any case One Half of the Amount of the Tolls which may be legally taken by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament then in force in relation to such Road, as may be necessary, in the Judgment of the said Trustees, for raising a sufficient Fund for the Repayment of any such Advance, and with all Intereft thereon, within the Period stipulated under the Provifions of this Ad for such Repayment ; and from and after the Period specified in any such Order, all such additional Tolls may be demanded, taken, collected and recovered by the fame Person, and by and under all such and the like Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provifions and Remedies, as Tolls are taken in relation to such Road under the Authority of any Ad or Ads of Parliament, in like manner in any respect as if such additional Tolls were inserted in and made Part of the Tolls allowed to be taken and collected under the said Ad or Ads; any thing contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to any such Road to the contrary thereof notwithstanding : Provided always, that in every such case a separate and distinct Account shall be kept of the Produce of such increased and additional Tolls, and the Amount collected and arising from such increased and additional Tolls shall in every such case be applied solely in the Repayment of such Advance, with Intereft thereon, under the Provifions of this Ad; and when and so soon as such Repayment shall be completed, all such additional Tolls shall cease and determine.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Commifiioners or Trustees of any Drainage for which any Advance shall be made under the Provifions of this Ad; or the major

Part

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 34.

97

Part of such Commissioners or Trustees, not being less than Two Thirds of the Number "prefent at any Meeting called together by Notice given in the usual manner in which Notices are given for aftembling such Commissioners or Trustees, Six Days at the lead before the Day appointed for the Meeting, and in which Notice the Purpofe for which the Meeting is assembled ftiall be stated, to make an Order for laying on of such additional Rates or Afteft-ments, not exceeding in any case One Half of the Amount of the Rates or Afleftments which inay be legally taken by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament then in force in relation to such Drainage, as may be neceftary in the Judgment of the said Commissioners or Trustees for railing a sufficient Fund for the Repayment of any such Advance, and with all Intereft thereon, within the Period stipulated under the Provifions of this Aft for such Repayment ; and from and after the period specified in any such Order, all such additional Rates or Afleftments may be rated and affeffect, and demanded, taken, collested, levied and recovered, by the fame Persons, and by and under all'fuch and the like Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provifions and Remedies, as Rates and Afleftments are rated, assessed, demanded, taken, collested, levied and recovered in relation to such Drainage under the Authority of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in like manner in any respect as if such additional Rates and Afleftments were inserted in and allowed to be assessed, taken andcollefled under the said Aft or Aftsj any thing contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to any such Drainage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding:	Provided	always, that in

every such case a separate and distinct Account shall be kept of the Produce of such increased and additional Rates and Afleftments, and the Amount collected and arising from such increased and additional Rates and Afleftments shall in every such case be applied solely in the Repayment of such Advance with Intereft thereon, under the Provi-ftons of this Aft, and when and so soon as such Repayment shall be completed, all such additional Rates and Afleftments shall cease and determine.

XXIX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Exchequer Bills shall be advanced in Aid of any Parifh in Great Britain, unless the Application for such Advance shall be made with the Confent of not less than the Majority in Number, and of Three Fourth Parts in Value, such Value to be calculated and af-certained from the last Rate made for the Relief of the Poor in such Parifh, of the Persons assessed to and paying such Rates ; or where the Poor Rates of any Parifh shall be under the Care and Management of any Seledt Veftry or Commissioners, Governors of the Poor, Trustees or other select Body, then with the Confent of not less than Four Fifths of such select Body, by whatever Name the fame may be called ; such Confent to be certified by some Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate acting as such in each Parifh, and one or more of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parifh or Place in respect of which the Application shall be made.

XXX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Application shall be made for any Advance to any Parifh, unless with the San&ion of Two or more Justices of the Peace, or Magiftrate acting as such within or for the Parifh, or within or for the Divifion or City, Town or Place within which the Parifh shall be

57 Gjeo. III.	H	fituate	;

may increase Rates for Repayment.

Separate Account of such additional Rates to be kept.

Advance for Parifhes to be made with Confent of Majority-in Number and Three Fourths in Value of Per-fons paying Poor Rates; or with Confent of Four Fifths of Seledl Veftry, &c.

Such Applications from Parifhes to have the Sanction of 'Two Justices.

Hosted

98

C. 34,

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817

Advance to any Parifh not to exceed the Amount of 1 aft Half Year’s Poor Rate; Overseers to pay Inftalmenl out of Poor Rates, and make Rates if necef-fary for the Purpofe.

Where Four Fifths of Proprietors of .Lands,&c. apply, Rate for Repayment made.

No Advance to any Parifhunlefs Money expended for the Poor shall or shall not be of a certain Excefs.

Advance to Pa-rifhes, when to be repaid.

iituate ; and the Application of all Sums so advanced shall be fub-je£l to the Infpe&ion, Control and Direction, and the Accounts of such Expenditure shall be subject to the Audit and Allowance, of Two or more JuRices of the Peace or MagiRrates as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enabled, That no larger Advance shall be made to any Parifh in Great Britain, of such Bills, than shall be equal in Amount to One Half of the Sum assessed in the Parifh for the Poor Rates of the Parifh for the laid Year ending Eafter One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and ending at the usual Quarter Day immediately preceding Eafter One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, according to the Period up to which the Poor Rates shall be made in the Parifh ; and the Amount advaneed, with Intereih thereon, shall be deemed and taken to be and be a Charge upon the Poor Rates of the Parifh, until such Amount of Bills, together with all IntereR thereon, shall have been duly discharged and fatished ; and the Overseers of the Poor of the Parifh shall in every such case, upon Notice in Writing given to them for that Purpofe by any Person or Persons upon whose Perfonal Security any such Bills shall have been advaneed, Three Months before any InRalment shall become payable, pay every such Inflalment from time to time as the fame shall become due, out of any Money in their Hands ariiing from the Rates levied and collected in the Parifh for the Relief of the Poor, or if no such Money shall remain in their Hands of such Rates, such Overseers shall and they are hereby authorized and required to make and collect new and additional Rates for the Purpofe of making from time to time such Payments, or of repaying to any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Payments, as the case may be, until the Whole of the Amount of the Bills advaneed, with all Interefl due thereon, shall be fully paid off and fatished.

XXXII.	Provided also, and be it further enabled, That in any case in w’hich Four Fifths in Value of the Proprietors of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in any Parifh of Great Britain, shall apply for any Advance to any Parifh under the Provihons of this A61, it shall be lawful to make, afless, levy, and colle6t Rates for the Repayment thereof, upon the Proprietors as well as upon the Occupiers of such Parifh or Place.

XXXIII.	Provided also, and be it further enabled, That no Advance shall be made under the Provihons of this Act for the Ufe of any Parifh, Townfhip or Place in which the Amount of the Money actually expended for the Relief of the Poor in the Year ending at Eafter One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or ending at the usual Quarter Day immediately preceding Eafter One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall exceed by Three Fourths the Average Annual Amount of the Money expended for the Relief of the Poor for the Three Years preceding Eafter One Thoufand eight hundred and sixteen, or shall have not exceeded by One Half the Amount so expended for the Year ending Eafter One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled, That the whole Amount of all the Bills advanced to Parifhes in Great Britain, with Interefl thereon, shall be paid of!' and discharged within Two Years from Eafter One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, by such In-Raiments, and in such Proportions, and at such Periods as shall be sued and fettled by the Commissioners in that Behalf.

XXXV. And

Hosted

7° GEO. III.

C.34.

09

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That the principal Sums Principal Sums

contained in the Exchequer Bills which shall be advanced or lent by of Exchequer the said Commissioners for the Execution of this A61 in Great Bri-	fn"er

tain under the Authority of tin's A61, shall be repaid, without De- Cent, per An-du&ion or Abatement, together with Intereft for the fame, by num to be repaid Inftalments, (that is to fay) the principal Sum in each and every by Inftalments. Exchequer Bill shall be repaid to the Cafhier or Cafliiers of the

Bank of England at their Office, together with Intereft for the fame at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, by the Space of Fifteen Days at lead before the time when each such Exchequer Bill shall become payable according to the Provilions of this A6t, such Intereft to be computed on the said Principal Sum from the Date of such Exchequer Bill to the time of the Payment thereof.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena£ted, That the Principal Sums Sums advanced which shall be advanced or lent in Ireland out of the Confolidated in Ir-eja^ *° Fund, under and in pursuance of the Certificates of the Com- inftalments1 as miffioners for the Execution of this A61 in Ireland, the Payment shall be directed whereof shall not be otherwise provided for pursuant to this A61, by Commiffion-fhall be paid without Dedu6Iion or Abatement, together with In- ers,with Content terest for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds for every One of Lord L'eu“ hundred Pounds by the Year, into the Receipt of the Exchequer

in Ireland, by such Inftalments and in . such Proportions and at such Periods and times as the said Commissioners shall, by?- and with the Confent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, dire6t and appoint, and as shall be specified accordingly in the Securities to be taken by the said Commissioners for the Repayment of such Money in manner herein before directed by this A61.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further ena6ted, That it Commissioners shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this A6t refpe61ively to extend any Periods of Repayment of any Money paymem. advanced under the Provifions of this A 61, in any case in which an

adequate Fund, not less in annual Amount than the Amount of Intereft payable upon the Money originally advaneed, shall be established and secured to the said Commissioners for such Repayment.

‘ XXXVIII. And Whereas the Parties to whom Exchequer Bills Bills issued and 6 may be issued in Great Britain by virtue of this A 61 may not have 1101 u^ed t0 < Occafion to make Ufe of all their BillsBe it further ena6ted, Exchequer0and That such Exchequer Bills as may be tendered in Payment or Part cancelled, of Payment, of any of the Sums advanced by virtue of this A£t, Certificate to shall be returned to the Office at the Exchequer in Great Britain Ferfon return-from which they were issued, and forthwith cancelled by the pro- inS* per Officer or Officers by whom the said Bills were issued, he or they giving a Certificate to the Person returning such Exchequer Bills for the Information of the Commissioners for the Execution of this A6t in Great Britain.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further ena6Ied, That it Commissioners shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this A6t for Great Britain in Great Britain, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any ^e^anl-ofEn Three or more of them, to authorize the Cafhier or Cafliiers of the ]and to employ2" Bank of England to employ any Monies which shall be paid as Monies paid in aforesaid, in the Purchafe of any Exchequer Bilh which shall be Purchafeof

H 2

payable Exchequer Bills.

Hosted

100

0, 31.

57" GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

After due Payment of Sums advanced with Interect, Obligations to be delivered up to be cancelled.

Upon Default of Payment P10-cets may issue.

Cods.

Sums recovered paid to the Bank of England or Exchequer in Ireland. Commissioners may direct against which of the Obligors Proceedings are to be had.

Proceedings not quaftied without Authority of Commissioners.

payable at the Period then next ensuing, and shall write thereon, in Words at Length, the Day of the Month and Year in which he or they so purchased fiich Bills, to which respective Days the said Cafhier or Cafhiers shall be allowed the Interect, upon his or their paying the fame into the Receipt of Exchequer in Great Britain as aforesaid ; provided that no Intereft shall run or be paid upon or for any such Bills during the time they shall remain in the Hands of such Cafhier or Cafhiers, but for such time the Intereft on every such Bill shall cease.

XL. And be it further enabled, That after the due Payment of the Sums advaneed, with Intereft as aforesaid, at the times and in the manner herein specified, every Obligation entered into in pur-fance of this Aft, being fully satisfied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, shall be forthwith delivered up to be cancelled ; and in case any such Obligation shall have been profe-cuted according to the Directions of this Aft, the Commissioners for the Execution of this A (ft, or any Two or more of them refpe<ftively, shall by their Warrant or Warrants direct the proper Officer or Officers of the Courts of Exchequer in England, Ireland or Scotland respectively, to enter up Satisfa<ftion in such Obligation or Obligations so being satisfied as aforesaid upon the Record, or otherwise to deliver up the fame to be cancelled, as the case may require.

XLI. And be it further enabled. That in case any Default shall be made by any Person or Persons in the Payment of any Sum or Sums advanced under the Proviiions of this A<ft, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this A<ft, or any Three or more of them, to issue their Warrant or Warrants from time to time to the proper Officer or Officers of the Crown having the Di-reftion or Management of Proceedings upon Obligations to His Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, requiring such Officer or Officers presently to proceed against all or any of the Persons who shall have entered into any Security for the Sum advaneed, his, her and their Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, for the Recovery of such Parts of the Sums advanced on such Securities as shall be then due, together with Intereft as aforesaid, and such Cofts and Charges attending such Proceeding as shall be by Law payable for the fame ; the Amount of which Principal Sums so to be levied the said Commissioners refpe<ftively shall cause from time to time to be testified by their Note in Writing, under the Hands of any Two or more of them respectively, to such Officer or Officers, and which Sum shall be inserted in the Writ of Process; and the like Procefs shall and may from time to time issue as aforesaid, as Occafion shall require; and the Sums so recovered (the Cofts and Charges aforesaid excepted) shall be paid to the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, or into the Receipt oF the Exchequer in Ireland, as the case shall require, without Abatement, Deduftion or Delay, in Satisfaftion of such Demands ; and it shall be in the Difcretion of the said Commissioners respectively to direct against which of the Obligors in such Security such Proceedings shall be from time to time commenced or prosecuted ; and the said Commissioners respectively shall have the Control and Superintendence of such Profecutions ; and the fame shall not be difeontinued, quashed or abated upon any Pretence whatever, without the Authority of the

Hosted

57o GEO. III.

C.34.

101

said Commissioners, testified under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them respectively, and exhibited to the Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer at IVeJhninJler or Dublin, or to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as the case may require.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further cna6led, That where any Proceedings shall be directed by the said Commissioners under this A61 as aforesaid againll any of the Obligors, or any Obligor named in any such Obligation, no Writ or Writs of Scire Facias shall be required to be issued, but that upon the Production of the Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners respectively as before mentioned, before any of the Barons of the said refpeClive Courts of Exchequer, an Extent may issue in the fir ft Procefs upon the Fiat of such Baron, without any Affidavit or other Verification or Proof of the Caufe of such Proceeding than such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation, or other Security entered into or given from and after the palling of this A61, by any Person or Persons who shall afterwards become Bankrupt within the true Intent and Meaning of the several Statutes made and now in force concerning Bankrupts, and againll whom a Commiffion of Bankrupt shall be awarded and issued out in England or Ireland, shall by reason and force of such Bankruptcy, and from the time of such Bankruptcy, become and be forfeited* and due and payable as againll such Bankrupt or Bankrupts ; and that all the Ellate and Effedls of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which would be liable to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Commiffion of Bankrupt, shall be liable and subject to and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Interefb due upon such Obligation or other Security, and all Colts attending the Recovery of the fame ; and that the refpe6tive Claims of the Commissioners for the Execution of this A61 shall be firll paid and satisfied out of the Eflate and Effe6fs of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, to apply by Petition in a summary Way to the proper Courts in England and Ireland, having Jurifdi6tion of the Matters of such Commiffion of Bankruptcy, to make due Order accordingly, which such Courts respectively are hereby authorized and required to make.

XLIV. And be it further ena6ted, That every Obligation, or other Security entered into or given from and after the palling of this A61, by any Person or Persons who shall afterwards become Bankrupt, and againll whose Ellate Sequeftration shall be awarded in Scotland, shall by reason and force of such Bankruptcy, and from the time of the Date of the Firll Deliverance on the Petition to the Court of Session for awarding the Sequeftration, become and be due and payable as againll such Bankrupt or Bankrupts ; and that all the Ellate and Effe6ts, Real and Perfonal, of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which would be liable to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Sequeftration, shall be liable and fubje6l and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Intereft due upon such Obligation or other Security, and all Colls attending the Recovery of the fame ; and that the

H 3	Claims

In Proceedings against Obligors no Writ of Scire Facias requisite.

Securities of Persons becoming Bankrupts in England or Ireland to be forfeited, and the Claims of Com-miffioners to be firll paid, &c.

Commissioners under this Ait may apply to the Courts by Petition.

And also in Scotland.

Hosted

102

C.34.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.lSi;.

Commissioners may accept Security for Sums due "from Bankrupts.

How far such Security to operate as a Releafe for the Benefit of the Creditors of the Bankrupt.

Commissioners may apply for Commiffions of Bankruptcy or Sequeftration.

Commissioners of Bankrupt to admit Proof of Debt upon the Oath of Persons appointed by the Com million ers under this A61 ; and permit such Person to vote in the Choice of Afficnees, See.

Claims of the said Commissioners shall be paid and satisfied out of the Eftate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in reference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors, nevertheless without Prejudice to References duly obtained according to the Law of Scotland upon the Real Edates of Persons who shall become Bankrupts ; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of the Secretary for the time being, to apply by Petition in a summary Way to the proper Courts in Scotland, having Jurif-didlion of the Matters of such Bankruptcy, for making effectual the Payment of the Claims of the said Commissioners accordingly, and the said Courts are hereby authorized and required to make the fame effectual accordingly.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Commissioners for the Execution of this A 61 to accept from the Affignees under any Commiffion of Bankrupt issued, or from the Factor or Factors, Truftee or Trustees, under any Sequeflration awarded againll any Debtor or Debtors in any such Loan under this A61, such Security for the Payment of the Sum due from such Bankrupt or Bankrupts out of his or their Eftate or Efsects, as the said Commissioners shall refpc6lively approve ; and that the Acceptance of such Security by the said Commissioners shall operate as a Releafe of the Eftate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, for the Benefit of the Creditors under the said Commiffion of Bankruptcy in England or Ireland, or Sequeftra-tion in Scotland, from all Claims whatever by the said Commissioners, other than and except such Part of the said Eftate as shall be fpeciiied in Writing between the said Commissioners for the Execution of this A61, and the said Affignees under the said Commiffion of Bankruptcy in England or Ireland, or between the said Com-rniffioners for the Execution of this A61, and the Fa6lor or Factors, Truftee or Trustees under the said Sequeflration in Scotland, to be reserved by the said Commissioners for the Execution of this A61, for such Security as aforesaid, in case the said Commissioners shall require such Security.

XLYI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this A61, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, to apply by Petition or otherwise to the proper Courts in England or Ireland and Scotland re-fpe6lively, for any Commiffion of Bankruptcy or Sequeflration againil the Eftate or Effe6ls of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to sue and otherwise pursue the fame respectively, in like manner as any other Creditor or Creditors is or are by Law entitled to do in England, Ireland and Scotland respectively,

XLVII. And be it further ena6led, That the Commissioners named in any Commiffion of Bankruptcy, which shall at any time hereafter be awarded and issued out in England or Ireland, and the Court of Session, or Lord Ordinary officiating on the Bills for the time, and every Officer or other Person concerned in the Management of the fequeflered Eftate of any Bankrupt ill Scotland, shall admit the Proof of any Debt, or Grounds of Debt, under this A61, on the Oath, Affirmation, or Affidavit of any Person appointed by the several Commissioners for the Execution of this A61; which Oath, Affirmation, and Affidavit refpe6lively shall be taken and administered before any One of the proper Officers having

Authority

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 34.

103

Authority by Law to administer Oaths or Affirmations, or to take Affidavits in cases of Bankruptcy, and shall permit such Person so authorized by the several Commissioners for the Execution of this Adi, to vote in the Choice of an Affignee or Affignees, Fadlor or Factors, Truftee or Trustees, as the case may require, of the Eftate and Effedls of such Bankrupts, and to do and execute every other Adi, Matter or Thing relating to such Bankruptcy, as fully and effectually as if such Person so authorized were the bond Jide Creditor of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent, hinder, or delay the Execution of any Commiffion of Bankruptcy by the Commissioners therein named, according to the Laws now in force in England and Ireland refpeCtively, or on the proceeding to or under Sequeftration in Scotland, provided that every Affignment of the Eftate or Effedls of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, under the said Commiffion in England and Ireland, and every Adi of Sequeftration of the Eftate or Effedls of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, shall be subject to the Claims of the several Commissioners for the Execution of this Adi, and until the fame shall be fully paid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Provifion in this Adt, made with Application to any Commiffion or Commiffions of Bankruptcy, shall be deemed and construed to extend to any Sequeftration awarded or to be awarded against the Eftate or Effedls of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, as fully and effectually as if such Provifion had been expressly applied thereto by this Adi.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Adis, Matters and Things which the Commissioners for the Execution of this Adi are hereby required or authorized to do or execute, shall and may be done and executed by any Seven or more of such Commissioners in Great Britain, and by the Majority of such Commissioners in Ireland, un-lefs in cases where it is otherwise specially provided by this Adi.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Governors and Directors of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to open an Account in their Books with the Commissioners for the Execution of this Adi in Great Britain, under the Title of “ Commissioners for the Iffue of certain Exchequer Bills,’’ and shall carry to the Credit of such Account the several Monies by this A<ft directed to be paid to the Cafhiers of the said Bank ; and whensoever the said Commissioners shall have advanced or lent any of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Adi to any Person or Persons, the said Commissioners shall, at some time before the Sums contained therein shall be to be repaid, deliver to such Person or Persons, at his or their Request, one or more Certificate or Certificates under their Hands, Specifying the Value of every such Exchequer Bill, the respective Dates thereof, and the times when they will respectively become payable by virtue of this Adi; and the said Cafhiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Produdlion of such last mentioned Certificate or Certificates, by the Space of Fifteen Days or more after such Exchequer Bills shall become payable, accept and receive from the Person or Persons producing the fame the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, together with such Interect, to be computed from

H 4	the

Adi not to delay the Execution of Commiffions of Bankruptcy or Proceedings under Sequeftration,

Provifions for Bankruptcy to extend toSe-queftrations ill Scotland.

Seven Commissioners may act.

Bank of England to open an Account with the Commissioners.

Commissioners to give Certificate of Particulars of Exchequer Bills advanced before Monies repaid. The Bank on Produdl ion thereof to receive the Amount with Intereft.

Hosted

104

C.34.

57° GEO. III.

Like Certificate to Office;s on Commissioners dire£ting Monies due to be raised by Sale of Goods, &c.

No Fee on Receipts of Monies levied.

Commissioners to attest such Receipts.

Money paid into the Bank to be from time to time paid into the Exchequer, and kept apart from other Monies, and to be fubje£l to the Ufes herein specified.

A.D.1817-

the Date thereof to the time of Payment as aforesaid, and at the Foot of such lad mentioned Certificate or Certificates acknowledge the Receipt of the laid Monies ; and that whensoever the said Commissioners shall by their Warrant or Order have directed such Monies to be raised or levied by Sale of any Wares or Merchandize depo-fited by virtue of this A6t, or by any Proceedings on any Securities taken by virtue thereof in Default of such Payment as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall deliver to the Officer or Officers executing the fame respectively a like Certificate as aforesaid, and further fpe-cifying therein the Amount of the Monies to be raised or levied, and the Subfiance of such Warrant or Order to raise or levy the fame ; and the said Cafhiers of the Bank, or any One of them* shall, upon the Production of such lall mentioned Certificate, accept and receive from such Officer or Officers the Monies so raised and levied in Satisfaction of the Payments whereof Default shall be made as aforesaid, and at the Foot of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee or Reward; and every such Receipt shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and by them entered in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall attest the fame under their Hands, and return the fame to the Person or Persons producing the fame at the said Office ; and every such Receipt so attested, and every such Entry in any of the said Books, shall re-fpeCtively from thenceforth be an Acquittance and Difcharge for the Sums expressed therein to have been received as against the said Commissioners and every of them, their and every of their Executors and Adminiftrators, as well to the Person or Persons to whom such Receipts shall be given, as to all and every the Persons who shall have entered into any Security in respect of the Exchequer Bills mentioned in such Certificate to which such Receipt shall be subscribed, their and every of their Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators reflectively.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid into the Bank of England under or by virtue of this A 61, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefly’s Exchequer at Westminster diflin&ly and apart from all other Monies ; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the said Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all the Monies paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this ACt shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid into the said Receipt upon any other Account whatever ; and that all the Monies so paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this A & shall be subject and liable to the Ufes and Purpofes hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fay,) in the first Place for paying off and discharging all the Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this A61, with such Interefl as shall be payable thereon, at the respective Days and times, and in the Order and Courfe in which the fame are hereby directed to be discharged; and all such Exchequer Bills, and Interefl thereon as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the first Monies that shall arise in the Receipt of His Majefly’s Exchequer accordingly ; and after paying off and discharging the fame, in the next place to pay off all the

Charges

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.34.

105

Charges and Expences which shall be incurred by the Commifiioners for the Execution of this Act in Great Britain, and to make good all such Sums as have been issued to the said Commifiioners out of the public Monies towards the said Charges and Expences, in pur-fuance of the Orders of the said Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Treasury, or any Three of them, or the said Lord High Treasurer for the time being, according to the Diredtions of this A 61; and also to pay and satisfy all Charges and Expences incident to or attending the making out such Exchequer Bills ; and if any Surplus shall remain of the Monies paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Adi, after satisfying the several Sums hereby charged thereon as aforesaid, such Surplus shall be reserved for the Difpofition of Parliament.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That on the several Days and times on which such Exchequer Bills are directed to be discharged, or within Ten Days after such Days respectively, the said Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Treasury, or Three or more of them, or the said Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken and attested by the proper Officers, of all the Exchequer Bills, to be made out in pursuance of this Adi, which shall become payable on the respective Days and times before specified, and of the Monies which shall then be in the Receipt of the said Exchequer applicable to the paying off and discharging the fame ; and if the Money which shall have arisen in the said Exchequer, for or on account of the Payments to be made by the Bank of England by virtue of this Adi on the respective Periods before mentioned, shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole Principal and Interefl due as aforesaid on the several Exchequer Bills to be issued in pursuance of this Adi, then such Deficiency shall and may be supplied and made good by and out of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty ; and in case the Monies arising from such Aids or Supplies shall not at the time be sufficient for that Purpose, then all the said Exchequer Bills remaining undif-charged, with the Interefl and Charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as, at any time or times after any such Deficiencies shall happen, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the said Exchequer of the Fund called the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Bri-tain and Ireland, except such Monies of the said Confolidated Fund as are appropriated to any particular Ufe or Ufes by any A61 or A6ls of Parliament in that Behalf; and such Monies of the said Confolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied from time to time, as soon as the fame can be regularly flated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such remaining Exchequer Bills, Interefl and Charges, until the whole of them fhali be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpofe be kept and reserved in the Exchquer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the Confolidated Fund shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the First Supplies to be thereafter granted in Parliament, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided also, that whatever Monies shall be

afterwards

Treasury to cause Accounts to he taken of Exchequer Bills when payable, and of the Money in the Ex-chequer to discharge them. Proceedings when Money not sufficient to discharge the Principal and Interest: due on Exchequer Bills,

Monies issued out of the Confolidated Fund to be replaced out of the first Supplies.

Hosted

C. 34.

5?° GEO. III.

A.D. 1.817.

afterwards paid by the Bank of England into the said Receipt in pur-fuance of this Adt, shall be applied towards replacing the Monies before illued of the said Aids or Supplies, or out of the said Confolidated Fund, as the case may be ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithrtanding.

Bank may advance 1,5 00,cool, on the Credit of this Aft, not-withstanding 5 & 6 W. Sc M. c. 20.

Commissioners to lay an Account of their Proceedings before Parliament.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills iifued under this Adi, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds ; any thing in an Adi made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Ail for granting to Their Majejlies federal Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vefj'elsy and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for securing certain Recom-pences and Advantages in the said Ail mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithrtanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, that the several Commissioners for the Execution of this Adi, from time to time, at their Difcre-tion, and as soon as possible after the Determination of all Proceedings under this Adi, and the Commissioners for the Execution of this Adi in Ireland, whenever they shall be thereto required by the Lord

If Commissioners die, <Scc. major Part of the remaining Com-miflioners in Great Britain may fill up Vacancies.

Persons so appointed to take the aforesaid Oath.

Lord Lieutenant may revoke Appointments, and fill Vacancies in Ireland.

Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, shall respectively lay an Account or Accounts of their Proceedings in Writing before both Houfes of Parliament.

LVI I. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Adi in Great Britain shall decline to act in the Execution of the Powers and Trulls thereof, or having begun to act shall decline to act further therein, or shall depart this Life during the Continuance of this Adl, it shall be lawful for the remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of them acting as aforesaid, by any Writing under their Elands and Seals, to con-flitute and appoint such Person or Persons to be a Commiffioner or Commissioners for the Purpofe aforesaid, in the Place of the Commiffioner or Commissioners so refilling to act. or declining further to act, so dying as aforesaid, as the said acting Commissioners or the major Part of them shall think fit; and so often as such case shall happen, and the Person or Persons so constituted and appointed by the said Commissioners, having first qualified to act by taking and subscribing the Oath hereinbefore provided and directed, shall be inverted with the fame Powers and Authorities as are given or delegated by this Adl unto the said Commissioners or Commiffioner con-rtituted by this Adl respectively.

LV1II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being to revoke the Appointment of any Person or Persons to be a Commiffioner or Commissioners for the Execution of this Adl in Ireland, and from time to time to nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons to be a Commiffioner or Commissioners, as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being shall think fit; and also to appoint from time to time any Person or Persons to be a Commiffioner

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. Ill

as 4.

107

miflioner or Commissioners to supply any Vacancy which may be oc-cafioned by the Death or Refignation of any Commiflioner or Commissioners who may be appointed by virtue of this Adi.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, advancing any of the Exchequer Bills to be issued by virtue of this Adi, by way of Loan, to any Persons who may be willing to accept such Exchequer Bills, valuing the fame at the Sum which shall be expressed therein refpedl-ively, together with such Intereft. as may have accrued thereon at the time of advancing such Loan, to charge and receive Intereft for such Loan at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding..

LX. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners for the Execution of this Adt shall and may receive and fend all their Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Poftage ; provided that such Letters and Packets as shall be sent to the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Adt in Great Britain, be directed to “ The Commissioners for the Iflue of Exchequer Bills at their Office and that such Letters and Packets as shall be sent to the said Commissioners for the Purpofes of this Acl in Ireland, shall be directed to “ The Commissioners for the I flue of Money out of the Confolidated Fund at their Office and that all such Letters and Packets as shall be sent by the said Commissioners shall be dated from their said Office, and shall be ligned on the Outfide of such Letters and Packets by such Person as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Adi in Great Britain shall appoint, with the Confent of the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Adi in Ireland shall appoint, with the Confent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ire-land, and under such Reftridlions and Regulations as the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors respectively, shall think proper and direct.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Obligation to His Majesty nor any Heritable Securities, nor any Affignment of any Heritable Securities, nor any Mortgage or Affignment of any Tolls, Rates or Duties taken by the said Commissioners, nor any Promiflory Note under this Adi, as a Security for the Loan of Money in such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, nor any Affidavit, Depofltion, or Receipt to be respectively taken or made under and by virtue of this Adi, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; any thing in any Adi or Adis in force in Great Britain or Ireland to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Adlion or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this Adt, until Fourteen Days’ Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Secretary for the time being of the said Commissioners, nor after a fuflicient Satis-faction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed; and such Adlion shall be brought in the said Courts of Exchequer in England, Ireland or Scotland, and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex, or City of Dublin, or Edinburgh respectively.

Persons advancing Exchequer Bills by Loan may take 5I. per Cent, interest.

Commissioners may receive and fend Letters free of Poftage.

Provifo.

Obligations, &c. not liable to Stamp Duty.

Addons for executing Adt not to be brought but upon Notice, nor after Satis-fadtion or Tender, nor after Six Months.

Where to be laid.

Hosted

C.34.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I8I7.

108

General l(Tue.

Treble Cofts.

Counterfeiting, &c. Certificates, Sec. or delivering such to any Officer, or uttering the fame,

Death.

Affirmations may be admi-niftered.

A& may be altered, Sec. this Session.

and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Adlion or Suit fhali and may plead the General Ifsue, and give this Adi and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Adi ; and if the fame fhali appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit fhali be brought after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the fame, or fhali be brought without Fourteen Days’ Notice thereof, or fhali be brought in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury fhali find for the Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhali become nonsuited, or suffer a Difcontinu-ance of his, her or their Adlion or Actions, or if a VerdiCt fhali pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fhali have Treble Colls, and fhali have such Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Coils of Suit in any other cases by Law*

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons fhali forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, Counterfeited or altered, or knowingly or wilfully aft or aflifl in the forging, counterfeiting or altering any Certificate or Certificates of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Adi, or any of them, or any Receipt or Receipts to be given by the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England in pursuance of this Adi, or fhali wilfully deliver any such forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Receipt to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefly’s Exchequer in Great Britain, or to the Vice Treasurer of Ireland for the time be ing, or to any Officer appointed by them or either of them, or to the Commissioners for the Execution of this Adi or any of them, or to any Officer or Officers appointed by them or any of them in the Execution of the Powers of this Adt, or fhali utter any such forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majessy, His Heirs or Sueceffors, or auy Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person whomloever, then and in every such case all and every Person or Persons so offend-ding, and being thereof lawfully convicted, fhali be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhali suffer Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

LXIV. And be it further enabled, That in all cases where an Oath may be administered by this Adi, it fhali be lawful to admi-nifler an Affirmation in lieu thereof, as the case may require.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That this Adi, or any of the Provifions thereof, may be amended, altered or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

[Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may appoint special CornmiJJioners for receiving Applications for Relief from the 250,0001. advanced in Ireland by Seftion 5. of this Aft. See Cap. 124. § I. poJK\

CAP.

Hosted

57c GEO. III.

C. 35.

109

CAP. XXXV.

An A61 for punishing Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[20th June 1817.]

‘ 'll! 7 HERE AS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within

* VV the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in a

* time of Peace, unless it be with the Confent of Parliament, k ‘ againftLaw : And Whereas it is judged necessary by His Majesty,

4 and this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be 4 continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of 6 the Poffeffions of His Majefty’s Crown and the Prefervation of the ‘ Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of fuch

4 Forces should consist of One hundred and twenty one thousand Number of

* and thirty five effective Officers and Men, including the Forces Foroes,iai,o35*

4 stationed in France, and also Fifteen thousand five hundred and

4 eighty five Officers and Men proposed to be disbanded, and One 4 thousand eight hundred and sixty three Officers and Men proposed 4 to be transferred to the Indian Eftablifhment, but exclusive of 4 the Officers and Men belonging to the Regiments now employed 4 in the Territorial Poffeffions of the East India Company, or or-

*	dered from thence to Great Britain : And Whereas no Man can 4 be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in time of Peace to 4 any Kind of Punifhment within this Realm by Martial Law, or in 4 any other manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and accord-4 ing to the known and established Laws of this Realm ; yet never-4 theless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before mentioned 4 Forces in their Duty, that an exact Difcipline be observed, and

*	that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert 4 His Majefty’s Service, be brought to a more exemplary and 4 speedy Punifhment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the fame, That if any Person who is or shall be Officers, See. commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall be lifted or mutinying or in Pay as a Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, shall at any time, deiertlI’S* ^ during the Continuance of this A61, begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majefty’s Land or Marine Foroes, or shall not ule his utnioft Endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy ; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrifon, Fortress, Poft or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend ; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrifon, Fortrefs or Poft, to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the fame ; or shall speak Words, or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrifon, Fortress, Poft or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend ; or shall leave his or found deeping Poft before relieved ; or shall be found fleeping on his Poft ; or shall upon ordeterting

hold his Poft, &c.

Hosted

1 10

or (hiking or dif-obeying his Superior Officer,

Death, or such a Punifhment as Court Martial may infli£l.

Continuance of this Aft.

.53 G.3. c j$s' 6.

C. 35, 36*.	57°	GEO. III.	. A.D. 1817*

hold Correfpondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Elis Majesty, either by Letters, Mefsages, Signs or Tokens, in any manner or way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majefty’s Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander ; or shall strike or use any Violence against his superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office ; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer ; or shall desert His Majefty’s Service ; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence ffiall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, ffiall suffer Death, or such other Puniffiment as by a Court Martial ffiall be awarded.

[This Ad> with the exception of Section 156. is the fame, and all the Schedules are also the fame as Cap. 12 .'ante : which Ad was made to continue in force in Great Britain until the zyth June 1817.] CLVI. And be it further enadfed, That this Adt ffiall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eighteen ; and ffiall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Isle of Man> and the Iilands thereto belonging, from the First Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, until the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eighteen ; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrifon of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal from the Twenty Fifth Day of Augufl in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, until the Twenty Fifth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eighteen ; and ffiall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majefty’s Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and North America, and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty Fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, to the Twenty Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen ; and ffiall be and continue in force in all other Places from the Twenty Fifth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to the Twenty Fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Ad to regulate the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the Eafl India Company, and certain Poffeffions of His Majesty in the Mediterranean.

[20th June 1817.]

‘ 'ITT HE REAS an ACt was passed in the Fifty third Year of < VV the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for con-

*	tinuing in the East India Company, for a further Term> the Poffef

*• fion of the	Territories	in	India,	together with certain exclufive

6 Privileges ; for ejlablijloing further Regulations for the Government « of the said Territories, and the better Adminijlration of Jujlice 6 within the fame; and for regulating the Trade to and from the

* PI acts within the Limits of the said Company’s Charter: And

< Whereas

Hosted

A.D. 1817-

570 GEO. Ill

C. 36,

Ill

c Whereas by the said recited Adt it was enacted, that it Ihould be ( lawful for any of His Majefty’s Subjedls, in common with the ‘ said United Company, to export in Ships navigated according to c Law, from any ^Port or Ports within the United Kingdom of c Great Britain and Ireland> to all Ports and Places within the 6 Limits referred to, save and except the Dominions of the Emperor 4 of China, any Goods, Wares and Merchandize which could then, c or might at any time or times thereafter, be legally exported ; and ‘ also in common with the said Company to import in Ships navi-6 gated as aforesaid, from any Port or Ports within the Limits 6 aforesaid, save and except as aforesaid, into the said United King-c dom, any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manu-‘ fadlure of any of the Countries within the said Limits, which ( could or might at any time or times thereafter be legally imported ;

*	fubjedt nevertheless to the several Reftridlions, Conditions and ‘ Limitations in the said Adi contained : And Whereas it was also 6 -enadled by the said Adi, that nothing therein contained should ex-‘ tend or be construed to extend to prevent the making, during the c further Term thereby granted to the said Company, such further 6 Provifions by Authority of Parliament, as might from time to ( time be deemed necessary for enabling His Majesty's Subjedls to

*	carry on Trade and Traffic, directly or circuitously, as well be-‘ tween all Ports and Places situate without the Limits of the faid

*	Company's Charter, and all Ports and Places (except the Do-

*	minions of the Emperor of China) situate within those Limits, as € between the said United Kingdom and all the lafl mentioned Ports 6 and Places, except as aforesaid : And Whereas by an Adi c passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

*	intituled An Aft for the further Regulation of the Trade to and

*	from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the Eafl India ‘ Company, Provilion was made for enabling the said Company, and 1 all other His Majesty's Subjedls to carry on a circuitous Trade to,

‘ from and between the Places within such Limits : And Whereas it

*	is expedient to make Provilion for the enabling the said Company c and all other His Majesty's Subjedls to carry on Trade within the

*	Limits of the Charter of the said Company, and certain Pofteffions 6 ot His Majesty in the Mediterranean Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adi it shall be lawful for the said Company, and also for any other of His Majesty's Subjedls to carry on Trade and Traffic, in Ships navigated according to Law, directly and circuitously between the Illand of Malta and its Dependencies, or the Port of Gibraltar, and all Ports and Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, except the Dominions of the Emperor of China ; any thing contained in any Charter of the said Company, or in any Adi or Adis of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided always, that in carrying on such Trade it shall not be lawful to trade to or at any Port or Place without the Limits of the said Company's Charter, other than those with which Trade is permitted by theTaid Adi of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize any of His Ma-

f6	jelly's

54 G-3’ c-34*

§1.

Trade may be carried on diredL ly and circuitously between Malta and its Dependencies, or Gibraltar, and all Ports and Places within the Limits of the Company’s Charter, except to China.

No Persons other than the Company to trade in Tea.

* Hosted

112

C. 36*.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817,

fidered within i'uch Limits.

Trade not to be carried on in Ships under the Burden pre-fcribed by 53G.3.C. 155. § 13*

53 G.3.C.155. § IX.

jelly’s Subjects, other than the said Company, or Persons properly licensed by them, to export or import from or to any such Countries, Ports and Places, within or without such Limits, or to import into the United Kingdom, any Tea, or in any manner to trade or traffic in Tea, between any such Ports or Places as aforesaid.

Cape of Good II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That His Ma-Hope to be con-jelly’s Settlement at the Cape of Good Hope shall, as to all Trade /. i 1 .... allowed, by this Adt to be carried on, be deemed, conllrued and taken to be within the Limits of the East India Company’s Charter : Provided also, that nothing herein contained, as to the said Settlement being deemed as to such Trade as aforesaid to be within such Limits, shall extend or be conllrued to extend to prevent, or in any manner to limit or affect, any other Trade which now may or which may hereafter be allowed to be carried on between the said Settlement and any other Countries, Ports or Places whatever.

III. Provided also, and be it further enabled, That it shall not be lawful for any Velfel carrying on Trade under the Provifions of this A£l, to clear out from or be admitted to Entry at any Port in the United Kingdom, tire registered Meafurement of which Velfel shall be under the Burden prescribed by the said A£l of the Fifty- third Year of His present Majessy, or which may be prescribed by any Adi hereafter to be palled for Velfels carrying on Trade between the United Kingdom and the Places within the Limits of the East India Company’s Charter.

c IV. And Whereas by the said Adi of the Fifty third year of 6 His present Majelly’s Reign it is enacted, that no Ship or Velfel c engaged in private Trade under the Authority of that Adi, shall c proceed to any Place situate on the Continent of Afia, from the river c Indus to the Town of Malacca inclusive, or in any Uland under the i Government of the said Company lying to the North of the 6 Equator, or to the said Company’s Fadlory of Bencoolen or its 6 Dependencies, or to any other Place or Places situate more to the c northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between

*	the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of Eaft

*	Longitude from London, without a Licence from the Court of Di-

*	redlors of the said Company, or from the Board of Commillioners ‘ for the Affairs of India, (as the case may be) ;’ Be it further enacted, That the Governors and Lieutenant Governors of the faid

verno« of Malta Jlland of Malta and Port of Gibraltar respectively, shall be and they T-	} ™ 1*1 t*° are hereby authorized to grant Licences to Ships or Velfels so pro-

-;>ian icences, cee(^ng as aforesaid from the said Uland of Malta or Port of Gib-raltar, in the same manner and under the fame Regulations and Provisions, in regard to the Grant and Form thereof, as are under the said recited Adi applicable to Licences granted by the said Court of Diredlors and Board of Commillioners respectively : Provided always, that the said Governors and Lieutenant Governors shall not be empowered to grant any Licence specially authorizing any Ship or Velfel to proceed to any Place or Places upon the Continent of Afia from the River Indus to the said Town of Malacca inclusive, except the said Company’s principal Settlements ; and that in regard for such Licences as are under the Provifions of the said recited Adi to be granted by the said Board of Commillioners, the said Governors and Lieutenant Governors shall conform themselves, as far as the case may admit, to such Rules and Regulations in that

Behalf,

Governors and Lieutenant Go-

but to conform to Rules of the Commissioners for India,

Hosted

113

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.30.

Behalf, as may from time to time be framed and published by the said Commissioners.

V.	And be it further enacted, That each such Governor or Lieutenant Governor shall transmit to One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State annual Lifts of all such Licences as shall have been granted by him as aforesaid, and of all Licences (if any) which such Governor or Lieutenant Governor may, in consequence of any Inftru&ions which he may have received in regard to such Licences, have refused to grant, together with his Reafons for such Refufal.

VI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Ship or Veflel, other than the Ships of the said Company engaged in Trade under the Authority of this Acft, shall be permitted to clear out from the said Ifland or Port for any Place or Places under the Government of His Majesty or of the said Company situate more to the Northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of East Longitude from London, until the Mafter or other Person having the Command of such Ship or VefTel shall have made out and exhibited to the principal Officer of the Cuftoms, or other Person thereto authorized by such Governor or Lieutenant Governor as aforesaid, at the Port of Clearance, upon Oath (which Oath such Officer or other Person is hereby authorized to administer), a true and perfetft Lift, in such Form as shall from time to time be fettled by the said Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the said Board of Commissioners, specifying and setting forth the Names, Capacities and Defcriptions of all Persons embarked or intended to be embarked on board such Ship or Veflel, and all Arms on board or intended to be put on board the fame ; nor ffiall any such Veflel be admitted to Entry at the said Ifland or Port until the Mafter or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Veflel shall in the like manner have made out and exhibited to the principal Officer of the Cuftoms, or other Person thereunto duly authorized, upon Oath (which Oath such Officer or other Person is hereby authorized to administer), a true and perfect Lift, in Form to be fettled as aforesaid, specifying the Names, Capacities and Defcriptions of all Persons on board or who shall have been on board such Ship or Veflel, from the time of the Sailing thereof to the time of Arrival, and of all Arms on board or which shall during that time have been on board such Ship or Veflel, and the several Times and Places at which such of the said Persons as may have died or left the said Ship or Veflel, shall have so died or left such Ship or Veflel, or such of the said Arms as may have been disposed of, have been so disposed of.

VII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That such Governors or Lieutenant Governors shall and they are hereby required to cause every such Lift, which shall be so received at the said Ifland or Port, to be transmitted with all reasonable Difpatch to the Court of Directors of the said United Company ; and all such Ships or Veflels trading under the Authority of this A£l shall, on their Arrival at any Port or Place under the Government of the said Company in India, be subject to all the Regulations, Reftridlions and Provifions prescribed by the said Acts of the Fifty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign ; and that all Trade with all Ports and Places upon the Continent of Jfia, from the River Indus to the

57 Geo. III.	‘l	Town

and transmit Lifts of Licences granted or refused.

Ships not to fail without Lifts of the Persons and Arms on board being delivered upon Oath.

Such VefTel not admitted to JEn-try till Lift delivered upon O3th of Perform, Arms, See, a* herein mentioned.

Governors, &c. to transmit such Lilts to the Court of Directors.

Ships trading under this AC! subject to Regulations of 53 G.3.C.I55*

Hosted

114

0.36e

5?« GEO. III.

A.D.181?,

Town of Malacca inclulive, or any Ifland under the Government of the said Company lying to the North of the Equator, or the said Company’s Fadory at Bencoolen and its Dependencies, shall remain and continue subject to all such Regulations, Provifions and Reftridions as shall from time to time be in force in relation to Trade, at any such Ports and Places under the Authority of any of the Governments of the said Company at their several Prefidencies in India.

Cargoes may be VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for diicharged at^ the said Company, and for any other of His Majefly’s Subjeds, to raltar*1 fubie<fl to tra<^e {ln Ships navigated according to Law, and proceeding upon Regulations of any Voyage between any Ports or Places within the Limits of the 53G. 3. c. 155- said Company’s Charter and the United Kingdom) to and at the and	faid Ifland of Malta and Port of Gibraltar, and for that Purpofe to

54G.3. c, 34* discharge the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of any such Ship or Veffel at such Ifland or Port, and in the Profecution of such circuitous Voyage to take on board any other Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which can be legally carried from such Ports or Places within the Limits aforesaid, to such Ifland or Port ; and in like manner to trade in any such Ship or Veffel, in any Voyage from the United Kingdom to any Ports or Places within the Limits aforesaid, to and at the said Ifland of Malta and Port of Gibraltar .* Provided always, that all such Ships and Veffels shall be subject to all the Regulations, Reftridions and Provifions to which Ships and Veffels carrying on Trade circuitously, between the United Kingdom and the Limits of the said Company’s Charter, are by the said Ads of the Fifty third and Fifty fourth Years of His Majefty’s Reign made liable.

Goods may be IX. And be it further enacted, That all Goods and Commodities re-exported from j-Q iniported into the Ifland of Malta or its Dependencies, or into the tarto^heUnited	of	Gibraltar,	from any Ports or Places within the Limits of

the said Company’s Charter, may be re-exported from the said Ifland of Malta or its Dependencies, or the Port of Gibraltar, to the United Kingdom, and imported at any of the Ports where such Goods and Commodities may lawfully be imported, in like manner, and subject to all such Regulations, Reftridions and Provisions, as if such Goods and Commodities were imported directly from the Place of their Growth, Production or Manufacture; and in Veffels of such Tonnage as is prescribed by the said Ad made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or as may be prescribed by any Ad hereafter to be palied, for Veffels carrying on Trade between the United Kingdom and the Places within the Limits of the East India Company’s Charter ; any thing in an Ad pafl*ed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King 11 Car. 2. c. 18. Charles the [Second, intituled An AH for the encouraging and in-creafing of Shipping and Navigation, or in any other Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

Malta, Sec,	X.	And be it further enacted, That for the Purpofes of this

deemed to be in Ad, and for all other Purpofes whatever, the Ifland of Malta and Europe.	its Dependencies shall be deemed and taken to be in Europe.

Provifo for the XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing Introduction of in this or in any other Ad {ball extend or be construed to extend to Goods into Mai- preVent the Introduction (under the Provifions of this Ad) into whicif moVnovv * t^e	Malta and its Dependencies, or into the Port of Gib-

y	13	raltar,

Kingdom, fub-je£t to Regulations, and in Veffels of such Tonnage as prescribed by 53 G.3. c.155.

Hosted

A.D.181JT.	57°	GEO.	III.	C.36.

raltar, of any Articles being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of the Countries between which and the said Ifland and Port Trade is allowed to be carried on by this Adi, which may now or may hereafter be imported into the United Kingdom.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Veffel engaged in any Voyage under the Authority of this Adi, from any Port or Place in the East Indies to the said Ifland of Malta or Port of Gibraltar, and not defcincd to any Port in the United Kingdom, to take or have on board any Lafcars or other Afiatic Seamen : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any of the Governments of the East India Company in India, or for any Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any Colony, Territory or Ifland belonging to His Majesty within the Limits of the said Charter, and they and he are hereby required, on Application made by the Owner or Commander of any Ship or Veffel, and after having ascertained by due Inquiry that a sufficient Number of British Seamen cannot be procured for the Crew of any Ship or Veffel failing from India within Ten Days from such Application, to certify the fame, and license such Ship or Veffel to fail with such Proportion of Lafcars or Afiatic Seamen as may be specified in such Certificate and Licence ; and the Governor General in Council at Fort William is hereby authorized and required to make Rules and Regulations, that all such Afiatic Sailors, Lafcars or Natives as .'aforesaid, shall be duly supplied with Provifions and Clothing, and other necessary Accommodation, while employed and while ab-fent from the Countries or Places to which they respectively belong, and until they shall be carried back to India or any other Country or Place to which they respectively belong, and until they shall be carried back to India or any other Country or Place from whence they were respectively brought, and for the Conveyance back of such Afiatic Sailors, Lafcars and Natives aforesaid, within a reasonable time, to be specified in such Bond, or ascertained by such Rules and Regulations.

XIII.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Ship or Veffel so licensed to take on board Lafcars or Afiatic Seamen shall be permitted to clear out from any Port or Place within the Limits of the said Company’s Charter unless and until the Owner or Captain or Mailer of such Ship shall have first given Security by Bond, in manner directed by an Adi passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, and subject to all the Provifions of that Adi, for the Maintenance and Conveyance back to India, or for the Conveyance to England and Maintenance while in England, and Return to Indiay of such Lafcars or Afiatic Seamen which may be received on board of such Ship.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That this Adi may be altered, amended or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be passed in this Seflion of Parliament.

[This Ad not ajfeded by Cap< 9poJl» See Section 3. of that Ad-~\

I 2

CAP,

115

be Imported into the United Kingdom.

No Lafcars, frc. to be taken on board without Licence, and then under certain Regulations as herein mentioned.

Matters of Ships taking Lafcars on board to enter into Securities. 54 G.3. c. 1.54* §

Aft may he altered, &c. this Seflion.

Hosted

116

C. 37.

576 GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Si G.J. c. 8 § 2-

Rec ited Aft, or any other A6t, not to exempt the aforel'aid Carriages, &c. from Tolls.

Provifo for the recited A&, See. as to Turnpike Roads or Tolls collected within a certain Dif-tance from the Royal Exchange.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Aft: to explain and amend an Aft of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, relating to Tolls on Carriages used in Hufbandry, and to remove Doubts as to Exemption of Carriages, not wholly laden with Manure from Payment of Toll.	[20th	June	1817.]

4 TIT HEREAS by a Claufe in an Aft of Parliament made in 4 YV the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

* intituled An A El to amend an A El made in the Fifty second Tear of 4 His present Majefly’s Reign, intituled An AEt to explain the Exempt 4 tion from Toll in federal AEls of Parliament for Carriages employed 4 in Hufbandry, and for regulating the Tolls to be paid on other Car-4 riagesy and on Horfes in certain other cases therein fpecijiedy and for 4 other Purpofes relating thereto, it is enacted, that from and after 4 the palling of the said Aft the Owner or Driver of any Waggon, 4 Cart or other Carriage laden with Manure for Land, palling 4 through any Turnpike, or otherwise palling on or across any Turn-4 pike Road, should not be liable to pay any Toll, nor should any 4 Toll be demanded for such Carriage so laden, or the Cattle drawing 4 the fame, by reason only of any empty Balket or Balkets, empty 4 Sack or Sacks, for more convenient Carriage, or Spade, Shovel 4 or Fork, necelfary for loading or unloading such Manure, being in 4 or upon any such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in addition to 4 such Manure, if the Loading thereof is substantially Manure for 4 Land as aforesaid ; any thing in any Aft contained to the contrary 4 thereof notwithstanding : And Whereas Doubts have arisen whe-4 ther the said Claufe does not extend to give a general Exemp-4 tion from Toll to all Carriages laden with Manure for Land, 4 although the fame were made expressly liable to Toll by the respect 4 ive Local Afts by which Tolls are imposed and levied for the 4 Maintenance of any Turnpike Roads : And Whereas such Con-1 ftruftion would operate very injuriously both to the Funds required 4 for the keeping up such respective Roads, and to the Security of 4 the Creditors who have advanced Money upon the' Credit of the 4 fame For Remedy thereof be it declared and enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That nothing in the said Clause, or in any other Claufe of the fame, or of any other Aft or Afts of Parliament, shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any such Carriages as aforesaid, or the Horfes or other Cattle drawing the fame, from any Tolls or Duties imposed by virtue of any Local Aft or Afts under which any such Tolls or Duties have been or shall be imposed for the Maintenance and Repair of such respective Roads upon which such Carriages shall go or travel.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That nothing in this Aft contained shall be construed to repeal, vary or alter any Claufe or Provision in the said Aft passed in the said Fifty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, nor any other Aft or A6ts of Parliament, so far asrefpefts any Turnpike Road or Roads, or the Tolls to be collected at any Gate or Gates erected or to be

erefted

Hosted

A.D. 1317-

57° GEO. III.

C. 87,38,89.

nj

credted thereon, within the Cities of London or Wefminfer, or within the Diftance of Fifteen Miles from the Royal Exchange.

III.	And be it further enacted, That this Adt shall be deemed Public Ait, and taken to be a Public Adi, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An. Adi to continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Adi of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prefervation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.	[20th June 1817.]

WHEREAS an Adi was passed in the Fifty second Year of 52 G. 3. c.17. His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the 4 more effectual Prefervation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties 4 of Watching and Warding, until the First Day of March One 4 thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in Places where Dijlurbances 4 prevail or are apprehended; which said Adi was revived and con-‘ tinued until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hun-4 dred and seventeen by an Adi of the lafb Session of Parliament:

• And Whereas it is expedient that the said Adi should be fur-4 ther continued ;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the continued, said Adi shall, from and after the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. XXXIX.

Am Adi to extend certain Provifions of the Adis of the Thirty sixth and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty to Matters of Charity and Friendly Societies.

[20th June 1817.]

4 TI7 HE REAS it is expedient to extend the Relief, Remedies, i \\ Proviftons, Protedlions and Indemnities made, given and 36 G. 3,0.9©,

4 provided by the AS for the Relief of Persons equitably and bene-4 f dally entitled to or interejled in the several Stocks and Annuities 4 transferrable at the Bank of England ; and by the Adt, intituled 4 An Aft to extend the Provifions of an AS, passed in the Thirty 520.3.0.158.

4 sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of 4 Persons equitably entitled to Stocks and Annuities transferrable at 4 the Bank of England ; and of an Aft, passed in this present Sefjion,

4 for the Relief of Infant Suitors entitled to the like Stocks and Annul*

4 ties, to all other transferrable Stocks and Funds, to certain cases,

4 herein specified, and not provided for by the said Two Adis, or by 4 either of them:’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from Extended to Pe~

I 3	and	titions to the

Hosted

ns

C. 39,40.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

and after the pafling of this Ad. the said Ads of Parliament, and all the Relief and Remedies, Provisions, Protedions and Indemnities thereby provided, shall extend and be deemed and taken to extend, and the fame are hereby declared and enacted to extend, to all cases of Petitions on which the Court of Chancery, or the Lord High Chancellor or Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being, or the Mailer of the Rolls, or the Vice Chancellor of England for the time being, or the Court of Exchequer, are by Law authorized and empowered to grant Relief and make summary Orders without Suit, either in Matters of Charity, or relative to or for the better Security, or for the Application, Receipt, Payment or Transfer of any of the Funds thereof; or in Matters relative to any Benefit or Friendly Societies, or for the better Security, or for the Application, Receipt, Payment, or Transfer of any of the Funds thereof.

CAP. XL.

An A61 to authorize the rewarding Officers of the Cuftoms for their Services in preventing illicit Diftillation in Scotland9 under an A61 paffied in the last Session of Parliament.

[zoth June 1817.3

56 G.3. c,xc6. 4 "TTTHEREAS by an Ad passed in the Fifty sixth Year of 4 VV the Reign of His Majesty, intituled An Ad to repeal 4 the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Wajh and Spirits and DifliU 4 lers’ Licences, to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, and to ejlablifh 4 further Regulations for the Dijlillation of Spirits from Corn for 4 Home Confumption in Scotland, until the Tenth Day of November 4 One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Provifion is made for 4 rewarding Officers of Excife for Service performed by them in 4 preventing illicit or fraudulent Diftillation : And Whereas it is 4 expedient that Provifion should also be made for rewarding Officers 4 of the Cuftoms for the like Services Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Treasury may fame, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s empower Com- Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for mi ({loners of the the time being, by any Warrant, Order or Inftrudion signed by bH Tq33 m Sc^any Three or more of them, to authorize and empower the Com-OHicers^f the rniflioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being to give Cuftonu,	and grant, by any Order or Warrant signed by any Three or more

of the said Commissioners of Cuftoms, such Rewards to Officers of the Cuftoms, to be paid out,of any Duties under their Management for Services performed by such Officers since the Commencement of the said Ad, or which shall be performed during the Continuance thereof, in preventing illicit or fraudulent Diftillation, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall deem proper and authorize and allow in that Behalf; subject nevertheless to such Rules, Diredions, Conditions and Limitations as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall in any such Order or Warrant from time to time made in relation to any such Reivards preferibe in that Behalf.

CAP.

Court of Chancery in cases of Chanty and Fiicndly bo-cietie;.

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.41.

119

CAP. XLI.

An A61 to repeal Two A£ls passed in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Office of the Agent General, and for transferring the Duties of the said Office to the Offices of the Paymafter General and Secretary at War.	[2oth June 1817.]

4 WHEREAS an A6t was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of 54G. 3. c. 151.

* VV the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to repeal 6 an Aft passed in the Fifty second Tear of His present Majessy, for 4 better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local c Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office, and to 4 make further Provifions for the Regulation of the Office of Agent 4 General: And Whereas another A<ft passed in the Fifty fifth Year 55 G.3. c- i7°*

4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to amend an 4 Aft passed in the lafl SeJJion of Parliament, for better regulating the 4 Officevf Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for 4 the more effectually regulating the fame : And Whereas it has been 4 deemed expedient that the Duties of the said Office should be 4 transferred to the Offices of the Paymafter General and Secretary 4 at War ; and it is therefore expedient that the said A£ls should be 4 repealed:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling repealed, of this Adi, the said recited Adis of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty shall be and the fame are hereby* repealed.	[See § 5»pof.^\

II.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty Office of Agent fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the General for Vo-faid Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia shall Locaf Mffida be and the fame is hereby declared to be abolished ; and from and abounded and after the time the said Office shall cease, the Duties of the said Duties trans-Office shall be transferred to and performed in the Offices of the ferred to Pay-Paymafter General and Secretary at War respectively, under the ma^er General, Regulations and Provifions in this Adi, and according to such other &c'

Rules and Regulations as shall from time to time be made by the Secretary at War and Paymafter General in that Behalf.

III.	And be it further enacted, That on the Twenty fourth Day Agent General of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, it shall and may t0 transfer hls be lawful for the Agent General to cause the Balance of Cafh which g^nk to the*Fa shall at that time remain at the Credit of his Accounts with the master General Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be transferred &c.

and paid over to the Account of the Paymafter General of His and difcharged

Majefty’s Land Forces at the Bank of England, and by so doing for r° much.

the said Agent General shall be and is hereby fully discharged for

the Amount of the Sum which shall be so transferred or paid

over by him as aforesaid ; and all such Sum or Sums of Money

so transferred and paid over to such Account of the Paymafter

General, shall be applied in the same manner as if the fame had been

iffued from the Exchequer to such Account; and the said Paymafter Duty of Pay-

General shall make Payment of all unsatisfied Charges and Demands master General

14?	on

Hosted

120

C. 41.

57° GEO. III.

in making Payments of unfatis-fied Charges and Demands,

Agent General, &c. indemnified on account of Acceptances on Bills unpaid.

Delivery and Examination of Accounts under recited Act of 54 G. 3. c.151.

continued.

Secretary at War to authorize Pay matter General to accept Bills.

Sufficient Authority to the Bank to pay such Bills.

53 G. 3. c. 105.

A.D.ISI7.

on account of the Public Services under the Authority of the Secretary at War, although the fame shall have accrued in the time of the Agent General; and all outstanding Bills which may have been accepted by the Agent General or his Deputy, shall be paid by the said Paymafter General under the Warrant or Warrants of the Secretary at War, in the manner and under the Regulations hereinafter directed; and all such Bills, Drafts or Orders so paid by the said Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Forces on the Acceptance of the said Agent General or his Deputy, shall be held and be deemed to be the good and proper Vouchers of the said Paymafter General, and shall be by him transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, by whom the said Vouchers shall be admitted and allowed, in the same manner as if the said Bills, Drafts, or Orders had been addrefted to and accepted by the said Paymafter General.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Agent General or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons in his Office duly authorized by the said Agent General to accept Bills of Exchange, shall be indemnified against all Persons whatsoever, for or on account of his or their Acceptance on any Bill or Bills of Exchange which shall or may have been accepted by him or them under the Authority of the Secretary at War for the time being, and which shall remain unpaid on the said Twenty fourth Day of June.

V.	And be it further enabled, That nothing in this A<ft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal the said recited A£h of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty so far as relates to the proper Delivery of the Accounts of the said Agent General to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and to the immediate Examination and Prefentment of the fame by the said Commissioners.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That from and immediately after the passing of this A<ft it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War, by any Warrant or Warrants, signed by himself or by his Deputy, from time to time, addrefted to the Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Foroes, to authorize and empower the said Paymafter General to accept Bills of Exchange, payable at the Bank of Eng-land, for any Pay or Allowances, or other Contingencies of or Services relating to any Militia, Local Militia or Volunteers, without specifying such Services in such Bills ; and which Bills so drawn and accepted shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay such Money to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Bills or to their Order or Orders, according to the usual Courfe in refpe£t of Bills of Exchange, and which Bills shall be accepted and paid accordingly ; and the Warrants for such Acceptances, and the Bills so accepted and paid, shall be good and sufficient Vouchers for the said Paymafter General in his Accounts, and shall be placed on the Credit Side of his Account accordingly.

c VII. And Whereas an A61 palled in the Fifty second Year

*	of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to continue,

*	amend and extend the Provi/ions of an Ad passed in the Forty 6 eighth Tear of His present Majessy, for enabling the Secretary at 4 War to enforce Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions and others in

4 relation

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.41.

121

c relation to Fines, Bounties and Sums due under any Ads relating

*	to the Defence of the Realm or Militia, for the Purpofe of dir eft. 1 ingthe Dijlribution and securing the due Application thereof , where-4 by the Secretary at War was empowered to order Sums of Money

*	to be paid over under the said A61 to the Agent General ;J Be it therefore enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to make like Orders for Payment of all or any of the Sums specified in the said A 61 to the Pay mailer General; and from and after the palling of this A6t every Order which shall have been made by the Secretary at War under the said lalf recited A6t, to pay over any Sum or Sums of Money under the said A61 to the Agent General, shall be deemed and construed to be an Order to pay over such Money to the Account of the Paymafter General at the Bank of England as fully and effe6lually as if a new Order had been ilTued under this A61 for the Payment of such Money to the said Account of the Paymafter General.

VIII. And be it further ena6led, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn upon the Paymafter General on account of the Pay or Allowances of the Militia or Local Militia, or of any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, or of any Staff Officers, or which may be drawn by any Clerks of Subdivilions or any Persons under the Dire6lions of the Secretary at War, for the Payment of Bounties or any other Public Services whatever; and also all Bills, Drafts or Orders by which any Balances, Fines, Penalties, Bounties or any other Sums of Money whatsoever, shall be remitted to the Bank of England on account of the said Paymafter General in pursuance of this A61, may and shall be drawn upon unftamped Paper ; and that no such Bill* Draft or Order shall be void by reason of being so drawn or written upon unftamped Paper ; any thing in any A61 or A6ls of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

* IX. And Whereas an A61 passed in the Forty eighth Year < of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Adi for acce-c lerating the making upy Examination and Audit of the Accounts of 4 the Paymafler General of His Majejly’s Forces : And Whereas by 4 the said A61 certain Rules are prescribed for the general and fepa-4 rate Accounts of the Paymafter General: And Whereas it is 4 expedient that afeparate Account should be made up of the Money 4 received and paid on account of Adjutants of the Local Militia Be it therefore ena6led, That the Paymafter General shall, in the present and every future Year, make up a separate Account of the Money received and paid within the Period comprized in his general Account on account of Adjutants of the Local Militia, in like manner as he is required by the said A61 to make up the separate Accounts therein specified ; and that such separate Account shall be transmitted, examined and declared, and the said Paymafter shall be discharged and acquitted therein, in the same manner in all refpe6ls as is by the said recited A6t provided with regard to the separate Accounts thereby dire6led to be made.

X. And be it further ena6led. That this A61 may be altered or varied by any A6t to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP.

Secretary at War to make Orders for Payment of Sums specified in recited Aft, to Paymafter General instead of Agent General.

Bills,&c. for Pay and Allowance to Militia, &c. to be drawn on unftamped Paper.

48 G. 3. c. 49.

Separate Accounts to be kept of the Money received and paid on account of Adjutants of the Local Militia, &c.

Aft may be altered, &c. this Sefiion,

Hosted

44 G - 3. c.icx.

47 G. 3. Self. 1.

c. 30.

5° G. 3. c. 13’

§ a.

44 G. 3. c. 101. revived and continued till March 25,1819.

Bounty on Exportation of Sugar although not refined by Claying.

0.42, 43.	57° GEO. III.	A.D.1817,

CAP. XLII.

An A& to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an A£t made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, 'for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Najfau in the Ifland of New Providence, the Port of Exu?na and the Port of Crooked IJland in the Bahama Ijlands, in American Ships coming in Ballad.	[27th	June	1817.]

6 TXT"PEREAS an A£l was made in the Forty fourth Year of

* VV the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ‘ permitting, until the First Day of August One thousand eight bun-

*	dred and feven<> the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nafiau in 6 the IJland of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port 6 of Crooked Ifland in the Bahama Istands, in Ships belonging to the c Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballajl; i which said A 61 was, by Two A6ls of the Forty seventh and Fif-c tieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued until 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and 4 thirteen : And Whereas it is expedient to revive and continue the 4 said A61 of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign:’ Be it therefore enadfed by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Adi of the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall, from and after the palling of this Adi, be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in force from and after the palling of this Adb to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

CAP. XLIII.

An Add for granting, for Two Years, from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, Bounties on Sugar refined otherwise than by Claying.

[27th June 1817.]

4 "IT THE REAS by the Laws now in force certain Bounties, 4 VV Drawbacks or Allowances are granted on refined Sugars 4 exported from Great Britain and Ireland respectively, manufactured 4 by the Operation of Claying : And Whereas it has been difeovered 4 that Sugar may be refined without the Operation of Claying, and 4 it is expedient that Sugar so refined should be allowed a Bounty Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Act there shall be paid and allowed, on the Exportation from Great Britain and Ireland to Foreign Parts, or on the Exportation from the one Country to the other respectively, a Bounty, Drawback or Allowance on all single refined Sugar after the Rate of Forty four Shillings per Hundred Weight, and on all double refined Sugar after the Rate of Fifty two Shillings per Hundred Weight, although such Sugar respectively shall not have been refined by the Operation of Claying.

II. And

Hosted

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 43, 44.

123

II.	And be it further enacted, That before any fucli Bounty, Oath before Drawback or Allowance shall be paid, or any Debenture made out Bounty paid, for the fame, the Refiner or Refiners, not being the Exporter or Exporters of such Sugar, shall make Oath before the Colledor or

other proper Officer of the Cuftoms, that he or they fold fuch

Sugar, expressing the Quantity and the time when, to the Perfon

or Persons intending to export the fame, and, as he and they verily

believe, such Sugar was produced from Mufcovado Sugar imported

from His Majefty’s Plantations in America, or from Sugars the

Produce of the East Indies, and that the several Duties payable

thereon were duly paid at the time of importing the fame ; and the

Exporter or Exporters of such Sugars shall then make Oath that

such Sugars, being the Sugars for which such Bounty is then claimed,

are the identical Sugars or Part thereof which were fold to him as

aforesaid by such Refiner or Refiners ; and before the Money due

upon such Debenture or Debentures shall be paid, such Exporter

or Exporters ffiall also make Oath that the laid Sugars have been

duly exported, His Majefty’s Searchers also certifying the ffiipping

thereof, and all the Requifites of Law being duly complied with;

and whenever the Refiner or Refiners of such Sugars ffiall be the Oath by Refiners

Exporter or Exporters thereof, he or they ffiall then make Oath, as being Exporter*.

well of the due Exportation of the fame as of the several Particulars

herein before directed to be sworn by him or them (excepting what

relates to the Sale of the said Sugars).

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Bounty, Drawback or Bounty paid Allowance hereby granted shall be paid and allowed in like manner, under Con-and be subject in every other respect to the Conditions, Rules, ditions, &c- of Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures, now by Law formerLaws* practised and applied with respect to Bounty, Drawback or Allowance on refined Sugar not altered by this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad ffiall continue for Continuance of Two Years from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand Ad.

eight hundred and seventeen, and no longer.

CAP. XLIV.

An A£t to allow Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, when assembled for the Suppreffion of Riots or Tumults, to be quartered and billetted, and Officers on Half Pay to hold certain Commiffions in such Corps, and to exempt Members in such Corps from serving the Office of Conftable

[27th June 1817.]

WHEREAS an Ad passed in the Forty fourth Year of the 44 G.3. c.j^ Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad; to confoli-* date and amend the Provifions of the several Ads relating to Corps c of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further * Regulations relating thereto :	And	Whereas	it	is	expedient	that

1 Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry when assembled for 4 Suppreffion or Prevention of Riots or Tumults ffiould be quartered 4 and billetted, and that Officers receiving Half Pay ffiould be 4 allowed to hold Commiffions as Captains, Lieutenants or Cornets 4 in such Corps, and that effedive Members thereof ffiould be * exempt from serving Peace and Parifh Offices P May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Confent

Hosted

C.44,45.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry when af-femhled for the Suppreflion of Riots quartered as His Majefty’s Forces.

Officers while serving in Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry not to forfeit Half Pay.

Oath to be taken by such Officers.

No Member of such Corps liable to lerve the Office c-f Constable.

Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all Persons enrolled in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry shall, whenever they shall be assembled and doing Military Duty for the Suppreflion or Prevention of Riots or Tumults in Aid of any Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, be entitled to be quartered and billetted in like manner in every respect, and under and fubjetft to the fame Regulations as the Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of His Majefty’s Forces.

II.	And be it further enacted. That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay shall be deemed to forfeit such Half Pay during the time he shall belong to or be inrolled in or serve or receive Pay a3 Captain, Lieutenant or Cornet in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, but every such Officer shall notwithstanding his holding any such Commiflion in and receiving Pay for the fame in any Yeomanry Corps or Volunteer Cavalry be entitled to and shall continue to receive his Half Pay ; and instead of the Oath usually required of Half Pay Officers to entitle them to the Receipt of their Half Pay, every such Officer so entitled to Half Pay and serving as aforesaid shall take the following Oath j

‘ J A. B. do swear, That I had not between the 4 and the	any Place or Employment

4 of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majessy, besides an Allow-4 ance of Half Pay, save and except my Pay or Allowance (as the 4 case may be) for serving in the	Corps	of	Yeomanry

4 or Volunteer Cavalry of the	as	Captain,

4 Lieutenant or Cornet (as the case may be).9

And the taking of the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay.

III.	And be it further enabled, That no Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or effective Member of any Yeomanry Corps or Volunteer Cavalry, shall, during the Period of his continuing enrolled in and an effective Member of such Yeomanry Corps or Volunteer Cavalry, be compellable or compelled to serve the Office of Constable in the Pariffi to which he belongs.

CAP. XLV.

Ail A£t for the Continuation of all and every Person or Persons in any and every Office, Place or Employment, Civil or -Military, within the United Kingdom of Great Britoin and Ireland,^ Dominion of Wales, Town of Berwick upon Tweedy Ifles of Jerfey> Guernsey, Alderney, Sarke and Man> and also in all and every of His Majefty’s Foreign Pofleffions, Coionics, or Plantations, which he or she shall hold, possess or exercise during the Pleafure of the Crown, at the time of the Death or Demife of His present Majessy, until removed or discharged therefrom by the succeeding King or Queen of this Realm.	[27th	June	1817.]

4 WJ HE REAS it is expedient to provide by Law as hereinafter 4 VV is enacted Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 45, 46.

A D.I817.

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every Person and Persons who upon the Day of the Demife of His present Majesty (whom God long preferve) shall hold any Office, Civil or Military, under the Crown during Pleasure, shall under and by virtue of this Adi, and without any new or other Patent, Com-mission, Warrant or Authority, continue and be intitled in all re-pedls, notwithstanding the Demife of His Majesty, to hold and enjoy the fame ; but nevertheless the fame shall be held or enjoyed only during the Pleafure of the King or Queen who shall succeed to the Crown upon the Demife of His present Majesty, and the Right and Title to hold and enjoy the fame under the Authority of this Adi shall be determinable in such and the like manner by the King or Queen who upon the Demife of His present Majesty shall succeed to the Crown, as the Right or Title to any Office, Place or Employment, granted by such succeeding King or Queen during Pleasure, would by Law be determinable: Provided always, that nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive the Heirs and Succeffors of His Majesty, Kings or Queens of this Realm, of the Power of removing and discharging any Person or Persons from his, her or their respective Offices, Places and Employments, in such manner as by Law they might have done if this Adi or any thing therein contained had never been passed.

CAP. XLVI.

An A<ft to prevent the iftuing and circulating of Pieces of Copper or other Metal, usually called Tokens.

[27th June 1817.]

C WJ PEREAS various Pieces of Copper, and mixed Metals

*	VV composed in part of Copper, usually denominated Tokens,

*	have lately been and are issued and circulated, by Persons reftding € in various Parts of the United Kingdom, in great Quantities, as ‘ Money, and for a nominal Value of the Metals of which they are

*	composed: And Whereas it is expedient that the further making ‘ and iftuing of such Tokens ffiould be prohibited, and that the Cir-( culation of those already made or iftued ffiould also be prohibited ‘ after a limited Period May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the passing of this Adi no Piece of Copper, or mixed Metal composed in part of Copper, of whatever Value the fame may be, shall be made or manufadlured or originally issued as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to demand any Value denoted thereon, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks or other wife, whether such Value is to be paid or given in Money or Goods, or in any manner whatsoever ; and every Person who ffiall, after the passing of this Adi, make or manufacture, or originally issue, or cause or procure to be made, manufadlured or originally issued, or permit or suffer to be so issued, on his or her Behalf, as for nominal Value in Money or Goods, any such Token, ffiall for every Token so made, manufadlured or issued, or procured or permitted to be so made, manufadlured or issued as

afore-

125

Persons holding Offices under (.he Crown during Pleafure nuy, at the Demife of His Majelty, continue to hold the fame during the Pleafure of the King or Queen who Audi succeed.

No Copper or Mixed Metal Tokens to be made or issued.

Hosted

C.46.

5 T GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Penalty.

Circulating such Tokens,

Penalty.

Iffuer to be liable for Payment.

Provifo for Bank of England Tokens.

Sheffield Penny Tokens iffuedfor the Relief of the Poor may circulate until 25th March

18*3.

Overseers of the Poor of Sheffield to pay id. for their Tokens.

aforesaid, forfeit any Sum not less than One Pound nor more than Five, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Justices of the Peace who shall hear and determine such Offence.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, no Piece of Copper, or of any mixed Metal composed partly of Copper, of whatever Value the fame may be, shall pass or circulate as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to demand any Value denoted thereon either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks or otherwise, whether such Value is to be paid or given in Money or Goods or other Value, or in any manner whatsoever ; and every Person who shall, after the said First of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, circulate or pass, as for any nominal Value in Money or Goods, any such Token, {ball for every such Token so circulated or passed, whether such Person shall be or have been concerned in the original IlTuing or Circulation of any such Token, or only the Bearer or Holder thereof for the time being, forfeit any Sum not less than Two Shillings nor more than Ten Shillings, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Justices of the Peace who shall hear and determine such Offence ; provided that nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person from presenting any such Token for Payment to the original Iffuer thereof, or to discharge or excuse any such original Iffuer from his Liability to pay the fame : Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained shall be construed as affecting any Tokens which have been or may be issued by the Bank of England.

* III. And Whereas certain Tokens made of Copper or of a c mixed Metal composed partly of Copper, and bearing the Super-c scription u Sheffield Penny Token” were issued from time to time

*	during the Years One thousand eight hundred and twelve, One < thousand eight hundred and thirteen, One thousand eight hundred

*	and fourteen, and One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, by the c Overseers of the Poor of the Townfhip of Sheffield, in the County c of Tork : And Whereas the immediate Suppreffion of the Circu-c lation of the aforesaid Tokens would be attended with great Lofs t to the said Tovvnlhip of Sheffeld, and to the Holders thereof, who c are for the most part Labourers and Mechanics, as well as with c great Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the Town of Sheffield, c and the Neighbourhood thereof;* Be it further enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained shall be construed to prevent such Tokens as aforesaid from being passed and circulated at any time previous to the Twenty fifth Day of March which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three: Provided always, that from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, all and every the Provifions of this Adi shall be construed to prevent such Tokens as aforesaid from being passed and circulated.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Token or Tokens made of Copper, or of a mixed Metal composed partly of Copper, with the Superfcription “ Sheffeld Penny Token” and which has or have been issued by the Overseers of the Poor of the Townfhip of Sheffeld, at any time previous to the palling of this Adi, shall, after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and previous to the Twenty fifth Day of

September

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.46.

127

September One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, be pre-fented to the Overseers of the Poor of the Townfhip of Sheffield for the time being, or their Agent, at the Workhoufe of the said Township, the said Overseers shall receive and take such Token or Tokens as aforesaid, paying to the Holder or Holders thereof One Penny of the current Coin of the Realm for each and every Token so presented as aforesaid; and in case such Overseers or their Agent shall negledf or refuse to receive and take such Token as aforesaid, and to pay One Penny for the fame as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for One Juftice of the Peace, upon Complaint upon Oath in that Behalf made, to summon such Overseers or their Agent, and after hearing the Parties upon both Tides, to direct and order (if he shall fee just Caufe) the said Overseers of the Poor or their Agent to take and receive such Token as aforesaid, and to pay One Penny for the fame as aforesaid, together with all Cofts and Charges whatever attending such Complaint so made before such Juftice : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Overseers of the Poor of the said Townfhip of Sheffield to pay such Penny as aforesaid out of any Money received by them for the Relief and Maintenance of the Toor of the said Townfhip ; but that it shall not be lawful for the said Overseers of the Poor to pay the Cofts and Charges attending any such Complaint as aforesaid out of any Money received by them as aforesaid.

V.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Overseers of the Poor for the Townfhip of Sheffield for the time being shall at any time previous to the said Tvventy fifth of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, deem it advisable to call in such Tokens as aforesaid, or any Amount of them, it shall and may be lawful for them to take such Meafures as may to them seem necessary for that Purpofe ; paying, however, for each and every Token so called in, One Penny of the current Coin of the Realm, out of any Money received by them for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Town ship of Sheffield.

* VI. And Whereas certain other Tokens made of Copper, or of a

<	mixed Metal composed partly of Copper, and bearing the Super-c scription “ Birmingham, One Penny ” were ifiued from time to ( time during the Years One thousand eight hundred and eleven, One 6 thousand eight hundred and twelve, One thousand eight hundred

<	and thirteen, One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and One * thousand eight hundred and fisteen, by the Overseers of the Poor

<	of the Parifh of Birmingham in the County of Warwick; And « Whereas the immediate Supprefiion of the Circulation of the afore-« said Tokens would be attended with great Lofs to the said Parifli

<	of Birmingham, and to the Holders thereof, as well as with great

<	Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham and

<	the Neighbourhood thereofBe it further enacted, That nothing in this A 61 contained shall be construed to prevent such Tokens as aforesaid from being patted and circulated at any time previous to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty ; Provided always, that from and after the said Twenty fifth of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, all and every the Provifions of this A& shall be construed to prevent such Tokens as aforesaid from being palled and circulated.

VII. And

Juflice upon Complaint may summon Over-leers.

Overseers may pay such Penny out or Poor's Rates.

Overseers of the Poor of Sheffield may call in Tokens before a5th March I

Birmingham Penny Token* idued for the Relief of the Poor may circulate until 35th March 1820.

Hosted

C.46.

57° GEO. III.

Overseers of the Poor of Birmingham to pay id. for their Tokens.

Juftice upon Complaint may summon Overseers.

Overseers may pay such Penny out of Poor’s Rates.

Overseers of the Poor of Birmingham may call in Tokens before 25th March 1820.

Justices to determine Offences and adjudge Penalty.

Witneffes not attending to give Kvidence,

A.D. 1817*

VII.	And be it further enabled. That in case any Token or Tokens made of Copper, or of a mixed Metal composed partly of Copper, with the Superfcription “ Birmingham, One Penny ” and which have been issued by the Overseers of the Poor of Birmingham at any time previous to the palling of this Adi, shall, after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and previous to the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty, be presented to the Overseers of the Poor of Birmingham, or their Agent, at the Workhoufe of the said Parifh, the said Overseers shall receive and take such Token or Tokens as aforesaid, paying to the Holder or Holders thereof One Penny of the current Coin of the Realm for each and every Token so presented as aforesaid ; and in case such Overfeer or their Agent shall neglect or refuse to receive and take such Token as aforesaid, and to pay One Penny as aforesaid for the fame, it shall and may be lawful for One Juftice of the Peace, upon Complaint upon Oath in such Behalf made, to summon such Overseers or their Agent, and after hearing the Parties upon either Side to direct and order (if he shall fee just Caufe) the said Overseers of the Poor or their Agent to take and receive such Token as aforesaid, and to pay One Penny for the fame as aforesaid, together with all Cofts and Charges whatever attending such Complaint so made before such Juftice: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parifh of Birmingham to pay such Penny as aforesaid out of any Money received by them for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parifh ; but that it shall not be lawful for them to pay the Cofts and Charges attending any Complaint out of such Money.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Overseers of the Poor of Birmingham shall, at any time previous to the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, deem it advisable to call in such Tokens as aforesaid, or any Amount of them, it shall and may be lawful for them to take such Meafures as may to them seem necessary for that Purpofe ; paying, however, for each and every such Token so called in, One Penny of the current Coin of the Realm, from and out of any Money received by them for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Townfhip of Birmingham.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for any Juftice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, City or Place within which any Offence against this Adi shall be committed, to hear and determine the fame in a summary Way; and such Juftice or Justices, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made upon Oath in that Behalf, shall summon the Party, accused, and also the Witneffes on cither Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fadl; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confefiion of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes or other wife (which Oath such Juftice or Justices is or are hereby authorized to administer), shall convidl the Offender, and adjudge the Penalty for such Offence.

X.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be fum-moned as a Witnefs to give Evidence before such Juftice or Justices, either on the Part of the Profecutor or the Person accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time or Place to be for that Purpofe

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.4 6.

129

pofe appointed, without a reasonable Excufe for such his NegleCt or Refufal, to be allowed by such Juftice or Justices, then such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such Means as are directed for Recovery of other Penalties under this Adi.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the Juftice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be conviCted as aforesaid, fhali cause the said Convidlion to be made out in the manner and Form following; (that is to fay,)

BE it remembered, That on the	Day of

« in the Year of our Lord	A.	B. having appeared

t before me ['or, us] One [01*, more] of His Majefty’s Justices of c the Peace [as the case may be~\ for the County, Riding, City or

< Place, [as the case may be,~\ and due Proof having been made

< upon Oath by One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or by

<	Confeftion of the Party, [as the case may be~\, is conviCted of ( [fpecifying the Offence*], in the Sum of

( Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals], the c Day and Year aforesaid.’

Which ConviClion the said Juftice or Justices fhali cause to be returned to the then next General Quarter Seftions of the Peace of the County, City, Riding or Place where such ConviCtion was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, to remain and be kept among the Records of such County, Riding, City or Place.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCled, That it shall be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, City or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Person or Persons for that Purpose, to cause a Copy or Copies of any Conviction or Convictions filed by him under the Directions of this ACt, to be forthwith delivered to such Person or Persons, upon Payment of One Shilling for every such Copy.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby incurred and made payable upon any Conviction against this ACt, shall be forthwith paid by the Person conviCted, as follows : One Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parifh or Place where the Offence shall be committed ; and in case such Person fhali refuse or negleCt to pay the fame, or to give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Juftice or Justices to prosecute any Appeal against such Conviction, such Juftice or Justices shall by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, cause the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Coils and Charges attending such Diftrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner ; and which said Warrant of Diftrefs the said Juftice or Justices shall cause to be made out in the manner and Form following (that is to fay),

* To the Constable, Headborough or Tithingman of 4 ^HEREAS A. B. of	in	the	County	of

4	is this Day conviCted before me [or, us]

4 One [or, more] of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace [ax the 4 case may be~\ for the County of	[or,	for	the

4 Riding of the County of York, or, for the Town, Liberty or c DiftriCt of	1 the case may be~\ upon the Oath

57 Geo, III.	' K	<	of

Penalty 50I.

Form of Conviction.

Conviction to be returned to Quarter Seflions and recorded.

Clerk of the Peace to deliver a Copy thereof on Payment of is.

Recovery and Diftribution of Penalties.

Appeal.

Diftrefs.

Warrant of Dill refs.

Hosted by

130

C.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

‘ of	[or,	a credible Witnefs

4 or WitnefTes] [or, by Confeffion of the Party, as the case may 4 be] for that the Paid A. B. hath [here fet forth the Offence*] contrary 4 to the Statute in that case made and provided, by reason whereof 4 the said A, B. hath forfeited the Sum of

4 to be distributed as herein is mentioned, which he hath refused to 4 pay : These are therefore in His Majesty's Name to command you 4 to levy the said Sum of	by	Diftrefs of the Goods

c and Chattels of him the said A. B.; and if within the Space of 4	Days	next after such Diftrefs by you taken, the faid

‘ Sum, together with reasonable Charges of taking the fame, shall 6 not be paid, then that you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so 4 by you distrained, and out of the Money arifmg by such Sale* that 4 you do pay One Half of the said Sum of	to

4	of	who informed me [or, us, as

4 the case shall be] of the said Offence, and the other Half of the * said Sum of	to	the	Overfeer of the Poor of the

4 Parifh [Townfhip or Place] where the Offence was committed, 4 to be employed for the Benefit of such Poor, returning the Over-4 plus (if any) upon Demand to the said A. B., the reasonable 4 Charges of taking, keeping and felling the said Diffrefs being first 4 deduded ; and if sufficient Diftrefs cannot be found of the Goods 4 and Chattels of the said A. B. whereon to levy the said Sum of 4	that then you certify the fame to me [or, us,

4 as the cafeJloall be] together with this Warrant. Given under my 4 Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the	Day	of

4	in	the	Year of our Lord

Offenders detained till Return of Warrant of Diilrefs, unless Secuiity given.

If on Return no Diffrefs, Offender may be committed,

unless Appeal;

on which Recognizance to be entered into.

Notice of Appeal ;

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for such Juftice or Justices to order such Offender to be detained in safe Cuftody until Return may conveniently be had and made to such Warrant of Diffrefs, unless the Party so convicted shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Juftice or Justices for his Appearance before the said Juftice or Justices, on such Day as shall be appointed by the said Juftice or Justices for the Day of the Return of the said Warrant of Diftrefs (fuch Day not exceeding Five Days from the taking of such Security), which Security the said Juftice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to take, by way of Recognizance or othervvife.

XV.	And be it farther enacted, That if upon such Return no sufficient Diftrefs can be had, then and in such case the said Juftice or Justices shall and may commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Divifion or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for the Space of One Calendar Month, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid, or unless or until such Offender, thinking him or herself aggrieved by such Convidion, shall give Notice to the Informer that he or she intends to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, and shall enter into Recognizance before some Juftice or Justices, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and pay such Cofts as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Seffions ; which Notice of Appeal, being not less than Eight Days before such Quarter Seffions, such Person so aggrieved is

hereby

Hosted

A.D. 181

57° GEO. III.

C.46,47.

131

and thereupon Seffions to determine.

Competency of WitnefTes.

Proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari, &c.

Limitation of

Actions.

General I flue.

hereby empowered'to give; and the said Justices at such Seffions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Caufes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Cods to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Seffions shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purpofes.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be disabled from being a Witnefs in any Profecution for any Offence against this Adi, by reason of his being an Inhabitant of the Parifti wherein such Offence was committed : Provided always, that no Proceeding to be had touching the Convidlion or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Adi shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatsoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjler, or elfevvhere.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Adlion or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Adi, then and in every such case such Adlion or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within Three Calendar Months after the Fadl was committed, and not afterwards ; and the fame and every such Adlion or Suit shall be brought within the County where the Fadl was committed, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Adlion or Suit shall and may plead the General Ifsue, and give this Adt and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Adi ; and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Adlion or Suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, or be brought or laid in any other Place than as aforementioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Adlion after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other cases by Law.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Copper Monies of the Realm now current or to be current, by virtue of any Proclamation or Proclamations that shall have been or may be lffued by His Majesty.

CAP. XL VII.

An Aft for settling and securing Annuities on Lord ColcheJiery and on the next Person to whom the Title of Lord Colchef-ter shall defeend, in Confideration of his eminent Services.

[27th June 1817.]

1 Most Gracious Sovereign, c WHEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Recital of c VV Britain and Ireland did, by an humble Addrefs to His Aildrefs of the c Royal Highness The Prince Regent, beseech His Royal Highness **ow*"e Com-

K 2	c	that

Treble Cofts.

Provifo for Copper Monies of the Realm.

Hosted

132

C. 47.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Jfcons to the Prince Regent.

Anfwer.of the Prince Regent.

An Annuity of 4,oool. granted to Charles Lord Colchester, for Life, to be pad Quarterly, clear of Taxes, &c.

Commencement and Periods of Payment.

that He would be graciously pleased, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majesty, to confer some signal Mark of the Royal Favour upon Charles Lord Colchejler, late Speaker of the House of Commons, for his great and eminent Services performed c to his Country during the long and important Period in which he ‘ had, with such distinguished Ability and Integrity, preiided in the ‘ Chair of the House of Commons, and allured His Royal Highness,

*	that whatever Expenfe His Royal Highness should think proper < to be incurred upon that Account, the said House would make

*	good the fame to His Majesty : And Whereas His Royal High-

*	nefs The Prince Regent, in Anfwer to the said Address, was

*	gracioufly pleased to declare, that His Royal Highness had the 4 justest Senfe of the long Services and great Merit of Charles Lord c Colchejler, late Speaker of the House of Commons, and in the

*	Name and on the Behalf of Your Majesty had already taken the ‘ fame into his Confideration, and was deiirous, in Compliance with

*	the Wifhes of Your Majefty’s faithful Commons, to confer upon

*	the said Lord Colchejler some further lignal Mark of His Favour ;

*	but as the fame could not be effectually granted and secured with*

*	out the Concurrence of Parliament, His Royal Highness recom-c mended to the House of Commons the Adoption of such Meafures 6 as might be necessary for the Accomplifhment of that Purpofe :* Now we, Your Majefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, have resolved that the Annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds Net be granted out of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; the said Annuity to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and to be fettled in the most beneficial manner upon, and to continue during the Life of Charles Baron Colchejler of Colchejler in the County of Essex, and that the Annual Sum of Three thousand Pounds Net be granted to His Majesty out of the said Confolidated Fund, to commence on the Expiration of the above mentioned Annuity of Four thousand Pounds, and to be fettled in like manner upon and to continue during the Life of such Heir Male of the Body of the said Charles Lord Colchejler, as ftiall first succeed to the Title of Baron Colchejler of Colchejler in the County of EJfex ; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enabled by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That One Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Four thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (after paying or reserving fulficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Adt or Adis of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund) ; and the fame shall from time to time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Dedudlions whatsoever, to the said Lord Colchejler, for and during the natural Life of the said Lord Colchjler; which said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum shall commence and take Effedt from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen j the First Payment to be computed

from

Hosted

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 47.

from the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year, that is to fay, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of 0Bober, the Fifth Day of January, and the Filth Day of April, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Deceafe An Annuity of of the said Charles Lord Colchejler One Annuity or Yearly Rent or 3>0?°1- to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain j

shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon fir^ fa^eding^’ the said Fund in manner aforesaid, and the fame shall from time to to the Title, lor time be paid Quarterly in manner aforesaid, free and clear of all Life.

Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, to such Heir Male of the Body of the said Charles Lord Colchejler as shall first succeed to the Title of Baron Colchejler of Colchejler in the County of EJfex> for and during the natural Life of such Heir Male.

III.	And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be Treasury, by

lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom Warrant, todi-of Great Britain and Irelandy or the Commissioners of His Majefly’s	Auditor

Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or °Q 'pais Deben-^ any Three or more of them for the Time being, and they are hereby tures for the authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands, to direCI Payment of loch the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time Annuities being to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for WIt^out Fee* paying the said respective Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums of

Four thousand Pounds or Three thousand Pounds in- manner as aforesaid, and as the fame shall from time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Part thereof; which, said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and palled thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and foF the time being for the Payment of the said Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums to the said Lord Colchejler and such Heir Male as^aforesaid, at the respective Quarterly Days in this A6t before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

IV.	And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant not to

Warrant, the fame shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, ac- re’^^|^on cording to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Ad,	1	€

and shall not be determinable or revokable by or upon the Demife

of His Majesty, (whom God long preserve 1) or of any of His Heirs or Succeifors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer of Treasury and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Com- Exchequer to do miffioner8 of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of neceVary^fo Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, Chancellor and Under render this A& Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all effectual without other the Officers and Minifters of the Court of Exchequer and of Fee.

die Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall and they are

K 3	hereby

Hosted by

C. 47.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Acquittance of Lord Colchester and the laid next SuccelTbr sufficient Dif-charge for Payment of Annuity.

Remedy for Recovery of Annuities.

Annuities re-ipedtively veiled in Lord Colchester and the said next Suc-ceffor.

How far the fame may be aliened.

Abatement of One Half of the Annuity of

hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such A6fs, matters and things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this A61 and the several Payments hereby directed effectual.

VI.	And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Lord Colchester, and of the first Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Colchester on whom the said Title shall defeend, shall be a good and sufficient Difcharge for the Payment of the said respective Annuities or Yearly Sums, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said refpe£tive Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Irnpofitions and other Charges whatsoever ; and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of Plis Majefty’s Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said refpe6tive Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A 61, or to do any A61 necessary to enable the said Lord Colchester and the first Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Colchester on whom the said Title, Honour and-Dignity of Lord Colchester shall defeend, to receive the fame, then the said Lord Colchester and the next succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Colchester on whom the said Title shall defeend, may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment and sue out Executions thereupon against such Officers refpe6lively, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said respective Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said refpe6tive Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refufal or Negleft to do any A61 necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers refpe£tively.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Four thousand Pounds shall be and the fame is by this A61 veiled in the said Lord Colchester, and the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Three thousand Pounds shall be and the fame is by this A61 veiled in the next succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Colchester to whom the laid Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Colchester shall defeend ; and the fame Or any Part thereof shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or encumbered by the said Lord Colchester, or by the next succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Colchester on whom the laid Title shall defeend, for any greater or larger Eftate or time than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, difposing, charging or encumbering the fame, so as to prevent the fame from defeending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Colchester to whom the said title of Lord Colchester shall defeend.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena6led, That One Half of the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum shall abate and be

fufpended

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 47,48.

135

fufpended dining any Period in which the said Charles Lord 4>coo\. m & Colchejler may hereafter hold any Place, Office or Employment celt2in Ilven under His Majesty of equal or greater Amount, in Salary, Profit or Emolument, than the Amount of such Annuity.

CAP. XLVIII.

An A£l to make further Provifion for the Adjuftment of the Accounts of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and for making good any occasional Deficiency which may arise in the said Fund in Great Britain or Ireland, refpelively ; and to direct the Application of Monies by the Com-mifiioners for the Redu£lion of the National Debt.

[27th June 18 1 7.]

4	*n con^e(luence of the Confolidation of the Re-

4 VV venues of Great Britain and Ireland, it is become expedient c to make further Provifion for the Adjuftment of the Accounts * of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom ; and that for 4 that Purpofe Quarterly Accounts of the Iffues made out of the 6 growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund in Ireland, for the 6 current Services there, should be made up and transmitted to Great 6 Britaint and provided for in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That immediately after the Termination of each Accounts in the Quarter of a Year ending upon the Fifth Day of Aprily the Fifth Exchequer in Day of July, the Tenth Day of Ottober, and the Fifth Day of January Jrela11^ how to refpetftively in each and every Year, Accounts shall be made up in the e ma e u^‘ Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland of all Sums which shall have been ilsued, during the Quarter ending on the said Days respectively, out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund arising in Ireland, specifying separately the Iffues made for defraying the Services comprized in the Annual Grants of Parliament, or which would in Great Britain be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of any of the Aids or Supplies of the Year, and specifying also in each and every such Account the Heads of Service for which such Iftues were so made ; which Accounts shall be certified by the Auditor Such Accounts General of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland, and t0 be certified by shall be transmitted by him to the Lord High Treasurer or the A;u^lt0^Geileral Commiftioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom }°n i^nd^nd of Great Britain and Ireland; and the Lord High Treasurer, or transmitted by Commiftioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more himtoTrea-of them, shall thereupon, by Warrant under his or their Hand or lury ot the Hands, order and diredf that out of any of the Aids or Supplies G™ted of the Year in the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, a Sum or Sums of Money equal to such certified Amount of the Iffues so made out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund arising in Ireland, for defraying the Services comprized in the Annual Grants of Parliament, or which would in Great Britain be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of any of the Aids or Supplies of the Year, shall be carried and placed to the Credit of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, for the Quarter ending on

K 4	"	the

Hosted

136

C.48.

57° GEO. 111.

A.D.1817-

56 G. 3.C.98.

Treasury to

before the re cited A<5t.

the usual Quarter Day next ensuing after the Date of such Certificate, and the fame shall thereupon be carried and placed to such Account and Credit by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Great Britain ; any thing in an Adt made in the last Seflion of Parliament, intituled An Ad to unite and consolidate into One Fund all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof to the general Service of the United Kingdom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 II. And Whereas certain Payments have been heretofore made 4 by Law or Ufage out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated 4 Fund of Great Britain,’ Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and o^tofthe(>nfoS may be lawful f°r the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or lidated Fund as anY ^hree or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to cause any Payment or Payments to be made, or any Sum or Sums of Money to be issued out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, at the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, in advance or otherwise, in like manner as had been pradtifcd before the palling of the said recited Add of the last Seflion of Parliament; any thing contained in the said Adi to the.contrary notwithstanding.

4 III. And Whereas the Exchequer Bills which have been issued 4 upon the Credit of Aids and Supplies heretofore granted by Parlia-4 ment have been provided for, and the Sums due and to arise from 4 the Surplus of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain under 4 former Grants of Parliament, and which were applicable to the 4 Difcharge of such Exchequer Bills, have by reason thereof become 4 no longer necessary for such Service;’ Be it therefore enacted, Grants to arise That all Grants made by Parliament, to arise from the Surplus of from the Surplus the said Confolidated Fund, and which Surplus had not accrued prior to the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and feven-teen, and also all Sums due from the said Confolidated Fund to the Aids or Supplies of former Years, in respect of Money advanced thereout to make good the Deficiencies of the said Fund, shall be and be deemed to be satisfied and cancelled, and no further Sums shall be issued or iffuable thereupon ; any tiling in any Adi or Adts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enabled, That all Balances due from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain refpec-tively, upon or in respect of, or in any manner arising out of the joint Contribution of Great Britain and Ireland to the Expences of the United Kingdom, under the Provifions of the several Adis passed in the Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland respectively in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years and in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, shall be and are hereby cancelled, and shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be satisfied and discharged ; any thing contained in the said recited Adis or any other Adt or Adis of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 V. And Whereas by an Adi made in the Twenty seventh 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for 4 repealing the several Duties of Cufioms and Excife, and granting 4 other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties toge-4 ther with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue ; for per-4 mitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize,

4 the

of the Confolidated Fund, which had not accrued prior to Jan. 5, 1817,&c. to be deemed satisfied and can-celled.

Certain Balances due from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, cancelled.

27 G. § 53.

3- c. 13.

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 48.

137

*	the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the 4 French King, into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain uti-4 claimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment 4 of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; 4 it is among other things enacted, that if at any time at which 4 any Annuity or Annuities shall become due and payable, the Pro-4 duce of the several Duties composing the Confolidated Fund efta-4 blifhed by the said Aft should not be sufficient to answer and pay 4 all the Annuities and other Charges that should become due and 4 payable on any Quarterly or other Day of Payment, the Com-4 miffioners of His Majefty’s Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer 4 for the time being were thereby authorized, empowered and re~

*	quired, out of any Money which should then be remaining in the 4 Receipt of the Exchequer of Aids or Supplies that should have 4 been granted for the Service of the Year in which such Deficiency 4 should happen, to apply such Sum or Sums of Money as should be 4 sufficient fully and completely to answer and make good such 4 Deficiency, and all such Sum or Sums of Money so ifTued out of 4 the said Aids or Supplies should be replaced to the Service or 4 Services to which the fame might have been appropriated by Par-4 liament, out of the first or any future Quarter’s Surplus of the 4 Duties and Revenues compoling the said Confolidated Fund :

4 And Whereas it is expedient that the said Provifion should be re-4 pealed Be it therefore enabled, That the said Provifion ffiall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

4 VI. And Whereas it may happen that the Confolidated Fund 4 of the United Kingdom may at certain times be deficient in 4 Amount to answer the several Charges thereupon arising in Great 4 Britain or Ireland respectively, and it is expedient that Provifion 4 should be made for making good such Deficiency, in case the fame 4 should arise •’ Be it therefore enacted, That if, upon making up the Accounts of the Income and Charge of the said Confolidated Fund in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, for the Quarters ending on the Fifth Day of April the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, or the Fifth Day of January in any Year, it shall appear to the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, that the Produce of the said Fund is not sufficient to defray the Charges thereupon in Great Britain, or in Ireland respectively, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, from time to time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Great Britain, for such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to make up such Deficiency in Great Britain or Ireland respectively ; and such Exchequer Bills ffiall be made out in the fame or like manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in and by an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An All for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills,

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said recited Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating

the

repealed.

Regulation for making good Deficiencies by issuing Exchequer Bills.

Such Exchequer Bills to be made out as by 48 G.3. c. 1,

48 G.3. c.l. to extend to Exchequer Bills issued under this A a.

Hosted

C.4S.

57° GEO. ill.

A.D. 1817-

Intereft of such Exchequer Bills.

Banks of England and Ireland empowered to advance Money on the Credit of such Exchequer Bilk,

notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Exchequer Bills for Deficiencies in G. B. to be placed as CaCh in the Offices of the Tellers of the Exchequer;

and to be i(Tiled for defraying Charges upon Confolidated Fund by renfon of Deficiencies.

Exchequer Bills for Deficiencies

the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this A6t, as fully and cffe&ually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the laid several Claufes and Provifions had been particularly repeated and re-ena£ted in the Body of this Act.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this A61 shall and may bear an Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Three pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in refpe6h of the Whole of the Monies refpe6lively contained therein.

IX.	And be it declared and further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and they are hereby refpeCtively empowered, to take, accept and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this A£t, and to advance or lend to His Majesty at the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, upon the Credit of such Exchequer Bills, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum necessary to make good such Deficiency of the Confolidated Fund in Great Britain ox Ireland respectively; any thing in an Acf made and patted in the Parliament of England, in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Ad for granting to Their Majejlies federal Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Veffels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors ; and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million Jive hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War againjl France, or in any other A6t or A6ls to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be made out in pursuance of this A6t, in refpe6t of any Deficiency in the said Confolidated Fund arising in Great Britain, to be placed as so much Cafh in the respective Offices of the Tellers of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Great Britain; each and every of which Tellers shall be severally charged with the Proportion of the said Bills which shall be so placed in his Office refpeifively as so much Cafh ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI.	And be it also enacted and declared, That the said Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked up and secured as Cafh according to the Courfe of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, and shall be taken and esteemed as so much in part of the Remains in real Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers shall from time to time stand charged in common with other the Monies in the said Receipt of the Exchequer, any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding ; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to issue and apply the fame to the defraying the Charges upon the said Confolidated Fund remaining unpaid in Great Britain by reason of any such Deficiency.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty*s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall and they

5	are

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 48.

139

are hereby authorized and empowered to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be made out in pursuance of this Aft, in respect of any Deficiency in the said Confolidated Fund arising in Ireland, to be paid into the Bank of Ireland to the Credit and Account of the Teller of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, there to be issued and applied to the defraying of the Charges upon the Confolidated Fund remaining unpaid in Ireland by reason of such Deficiency.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Aft, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, shall be and the fame are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom in the next fucceed-ing Quarter ; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Flis Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, and they or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized from time to time by Warrant under their Hands to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, in such manner as they shall think neceifary, to issue unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrants respectively, out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the next succeeding Quarter, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Aft, together with all such Intereft as may be due thereupon.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being shall from time to time cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken attested by the proper Officers of the Amount of all Exchequer Bills which shall be made out and issued by virtue of this Aft, and how much thereof shall before the making up of such Accounts have been paid off or dif-charged, and how much thereof shall then remain undifeharged ; and every such Account shall on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each and every Year be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or if Parliament shall not then be fitting, then within One Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

4 XV. And Whereas by an Aft passed in the Twenty sixth 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for 4 vejl'tng certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter 4 of a Tear, to he by them applied to the Reduction of the National 4 Debt, it was enabled, that all Monies whatsoever which {hould be 4 placed from time to time to the Account of the said Commissioners 4 by virtue of the said Aft, which {hould not be directed by any 4 future Aft or Afts of Parliament to be applied in Payment for 4 the Redemption of any Redeemable Public Annuities at or above 4 Par, {hould be applied by the said Commissioners in Payment for 4 the Purchafe of Public Annuities below Par in the following 4 manner ; (that is to fay), that all Monies so to be applied, which 4 ffiould. have been placed to the Account of the said Commissioners 6 between the Fifth Day of April in any Year anthe First Day

4 of

arifing in Ireland, how lo !'& disposed of.

Exchequer Bills and Intereft chargeable on the Confolidated Fund in the next succeeding Quarter.

Accounts of Exchequer Bills discharged and undifeharged to be annually laid before Parliament.

26G.3.C.31. § 11.

Hosted

C.48.

57“ GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

So much of recited A£t as limits the Periods for applying Monies for the Purchafe of Public Annuities, repealed.

Monies fet apart and applicable between 1 Nov.

1817,	and 1 Feb.

1818,	to be applied by Com-miflioners in Purchafe of Annuities between 2 Nov. 1817,and

5 Jan. 1818.

Periods of Application Monies in future Years.

c of May then next ensuing, should be applied to the Purchafe of c such Annuities in equal Portions, as nearly as might be, on every ‘ Day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the said Firft

<	Day of May and the Fifth Day of Augujl then next ensuing ;

*	and in like manner the Sums so to be applied, which should have

*	been placed to the Account of the said Commissioners between the c End of any such Quarter and the First Day of the Calendar c Month which should commence next after the End of such Quarter, 6 should be applied to the Purchafe of such Annuities in equal c Portions, as nearly as might be, on every Day (Saturdays and

*	Mondays excepted), on which the fame should be transferable

*	between the said First Day of the Calendar Month which should ( commence next after the End of such Quarter and the First Day

*	of the Calendar Month which should commence next after the

*	End of the Quarter next ensuing : And Whereas it is expedient ‘ to alter the refpe£tive Periods for applying all such Monies, and c to substitute other Periods for the like Purpofe instead thereof, in

*	order that the Accounts of the Application of the laid Monies c shall terminate and be rendered conformable to the Periods of ter-‘ minating the several Accounts of the Public Revenues of the

<	United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited A61 as limits the Periods for applying the said Monies shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies whatever which shall be to be fet apart and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under and by virtue of the said last recited A<ft, or of any other A6t or Adis now in force for the Reduction of the National Debt, and which would be applicable between the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seventeen and the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, pursuant to the Provifions of the said A£t, shall be applied by the said Commissioners in the Purchafe of Redeemable Public Annuities, as directed by the said recited Add, on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seventeen and the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, both Days included.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies so fet apart in every future Year shall be applied in the manner following ; (that is to fay,) all Monies so fet apart or to be so fet apart and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, due on the Fifth Day of January in every Year, shall be applied by the said Commissioners in the Purchafe of Redeemable Public Annuities, as directed by the said recited Adi, on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Seventh Day of January and the Fifth Day of April then next ensuing, both Days ineluded; and in like manner all Monies due the Fifth Day of April in every Year, and fet apart as aforesaid, shall be applied on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Seventh Day of April and the Fifth Day of July then next ensuing, both Days ineluded; and all Monies due the Fifth Day of July in every Year, and fet apart as aforesaid, shall be applied on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Seventh Day of July and the Tenth Day of October then

next

Hosted

A.D. 1817,	57°	GEO.	III.	C. 48, 49.

next ensuing, both Days included ; and all Monies due the Tenth Day of 0Bober in every Year, and fet apart as aforesaid, shall be applied on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Twelfth Day of OBober and the Fifth Day of January then next ensuing, both Days ineluded; and every Annual Account of the Application of all such Monies, and of the Public Annuities purchased with the fame, directed by the said recited Adi to be made up to the Fird Day of February in every Year, to be laid before Parliament ; and the Auditors^ of Public Accounts shall in future terminate upon and be made up to the Fifth Day of January inclusive in every Year ; any thing in the said lad recited Adi or any other Adi or Adis to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIX.

An A£t for altering and amending the Laws of Excife with refpedd to Salt and Rock Salt.	[27th June 1817.]

4 WHEREAS by an Adi made in the Thirty eighth Year of 38G.3. c.89.

6 VV the Reign of His present Majedy King George the Third, § a0,

* intituled An AB for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties 4 to the Commifjioners of Excife^ and for repealing the Duties on 4 Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties paid thereout,

4 and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Bonn-4 ties thereon, all and every the Proprietor and Proprietors of every 4 Salt Mine or Salt Pit is and are required, at lead Twelve Hours 4 before he, {he or they shall at any time begin to raise or take away 4 Rock Salt from or out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, to give 4 Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excife under whose Survey 4 such Salt Mine or Salt Pit ffiall be, of the particular Day and 4 Hour of the Day on which he, she or they intends or intend to 4 begin raising or taking any Rock Salt from or out of any such 4 Mine or Pit : And Whereas such Period of Twelve Hours for 4 such Notice as aforesaid has been found unnecessarily long and 4 inconvenient Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Ex- Proprietors of cellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Salt Mines to Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament giye Two in lieu assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in lieu and indead	.

of such Period of Twelve Hours, all and every such Proprietor fajfag Rock^ °C and Proprietors of every Salt Mine or Salt Pit shall give such Salt.

Notice as aforesaid at lead Two Hours before he, she or they shall at any time begin to raise or take Rock Salt from or out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, any thing in the said recited Acl contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

v 4 II. And Whereas by the said A€t all and every Maker or 38G. 3. c. 89.

4 Makers of Salt, and Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, and Pro- § 13.

4 prietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, is and are required,

4 at lead Six Hours before he, she or they shall begin to charge 4 his, her or their Pan or Boiler with Brine or other Preparation 4 for making or refining Salt, to give to the Officer of Excife 4 under whose Survey his, her or their Salt Work shall be, a Notice 4 in Writing of his, her or their Intention so to do, specifying therein 4 the Particulars in the said A£l mentioned ; and if any such Maker 4 or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors shall £ not begin to charge hie, her or their Pan or Boiler within the

4 Space

141

| Sic.

Hosted

142

§ *4-

§*5-

§ a8.

Tepealed.

Salt Makers to give Six Hours* Notice of their Intention to draw or take

C.49.	57°	GEO.	Ill	A.D. 1817*

Space of One Hour after the particular time or Hour specified in such Notice for that Purpose, then to give a fresh and like Notice before he, she or they shall begin to charge his, her or their Pan or Boiler ; and all and every such Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, and Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, who in pursuance of any such Notice as aforesaid shall begin to charge, his, her or their Pan or Boiler with Brine or other Preparation for making Salt or refining Rock Salt, is and are required to proceed without Refpite or Delay and with all due Diligence and Difpatch, to charge such Pan or Boiler with the whole Quantity of Brine or other Preparation intended to be emploved, used or worked off at such Boiling or Operation ; provided that if any such Maker, Refiner or Proprietor shall have occasion to add to or increase the Brine in any Pan or Boiler after such Pan or Boiler shall have been charged, and before any Salt of that particular Boiling or Operation shall have been taken from or out of such Pan or Boiler, he, she or they shall be permitted and allowed once, but not oftener, to add to and increase the Quantity of Brine in any such Pan or Boiler, upon giving such Notice as is prescribed by the said Adt ; and if any Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, shall convey or put any Brine into any Pan or Boiler after he, she or they shall have begun to take any Salt out of such Pan or Boiler, and before the whole Boiling or Operation of such particular Charge shall be finished, and all the Salt made or intended to be made therefrom shall be taken out of such Pan or Boiler, or shall convey or put any Brine into any Pan or Boiler after the fame shall have been fully charged, (except in the manner thereinbefore allowed, under such Notice as is thereinbefore provided for making an Addition to or increasing the Brine in the Pan or Boiler,) he, she or they shall forfeit the Penalty therein mentioned ; and in case any Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners of Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, instead of keeping the Salt of each Boiling or Operation in the Pan or Boiling House until the whole of each Boiling or Operation shall be finished, shall be desirous to carry, remove or put any Salt of any particular Boiling or Operation into his, her or their Ware-houfe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, before any such Boiling or Operation shall be finished, such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, may carry, remove or put One Half (but neither more nor lefs) of the whole Number of Bafkets, Barrows or Troughs of Salt to be made at each such Boiling or Operation, into any such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, upon the Terms and Conditions mentioned in the said Adi : And Whereas it is expedient that such Provifions of the said Add as hereinbefore recited should be repealed Be t therefore enacted, That from and after the palling of this Adt the said recited Provifions of the said Adt shall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, and Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, shall at least Six Hours before he, she or they shall begin to draw or take out any Salt from any

Pan

Hosted

57" GEO. III.

0.49.

143

Pan or Boiler after the fame shall have been charged with Brine, or Salt from their other Preparation for making Salt, give to the Officer of Excife, Pans or Boilers, under whose Survey his, her or their Salt Work shall be, a Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention so to do, specifying therein the particular time and Hour at which he, (he or they intends or intend to begin to draw or take out the Salt from such Pan or Boiler; and if any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall not begin to draw and take out the Salt from such Pan or Boiler within the Space of Three Hours after the particular time or Hour specified in such Notice, then such Notice shall be void ; and every such Maker or Makers, Refiner or in what case Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid, shall give a fresh fresh Notice, and like Notice before he, she or they shall begin to draw or take out any Salt from such Pan or Boiler ; and in case such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall negle6l or refuse to give such Notice as aforesaid, or having given a Notice which shall become void as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to give a fresh and like Notice, he, she or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum or Fifty Pounds. Penalty 50I.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers Adding Brine

of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Pro- after having be-prietors of any Salt Work, shall convey or put, or cause or suffer |u” ^lunTefore to be conveyed or put, any Brine or other Preparation for making	thal

Salt into any Pan or Boiler after he, she or they shall have begun operation

to draw or take out any Salt from such Pan or Boiler, and before is finished, &c.

he, she or they shall declare to the surveying Officer that the whole

Operation of making Salt from the Brine which shall then be in fuch

Pan or Boiler is finished, and that all the Salt made or intended to be

made therefrom in such Operation has been taken out of such Pan

or Boiler, he, {he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and

lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds.	Penalty 50I.

V.	Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Part of the Salt

in case any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprie- of any Operation tor or Proprietors, instead of keeping the Salt of each Boiling or may be ware-Operation in the Pan or Boiling House until the whole of each ^ufed before Boiling or Operation shall be finished, shall be desirous of carrying,	on$cer-

removing, or putting any Salt of any particular Boiling or Oper- uin Conditions, ation into his, her or their Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, before any such Boiling or Operation shall be finished, it shall and may be lawful to and for fuch

Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, to carry, remove or put any Part of the whole of the Salt to be made at each such Boiling or Operation into any such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned, (that is to fay,) Conditions, that in the Notice required by this A61 to be given as aforesaid for drawing or taking out Salt from bis, her or their Pan or Boiler, such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall specify the particular Number of Bafkets, Barrows or Troughs, and the estimated Quantity of Salt of which such Part of such particular Boiling or Operation shall or will consist, and the Day, and Hour of the Day, when such Part shall be carried, removed or put into such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts 5 and also that all the Salt which, according*

to

Hosted

144

C. 49,

57" GEO. III.

A.D. 1817*

5i G. 3. c. 82. § 2. recited.

Refiners to give Bond within Fourteen Days after Receipt of Rock Salt, for the Production of 581bs. of Refined for every 65’lbs. of Rock Salt, and for Payment

Duties.

to the Specification in such Notice, shall be intended to be carried, removed or put into such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, at each such Removal, shall be actually so carried, removed and put, immediately after the proper Officer of Excife shall have taken a true Account thereof, and before any more or other Salt shall be taken out of the Pan or Boiler of that or any subsequent Boiling or Operation.

4 VI. And Whereas by a Claule in an A 61 made in the Fifty 4 first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other 4 things, For efiablifioing Regulations reffecting Rock Salt delivered 4 to the Refineries, it was enacted, that when and so soon as any Rock 4 Salt should be delivered from any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, to be 4 ffiipped Coaftwife, or to be sent by Inland Navigation free of 4 Duty, on Bond for its being duly delivered at any entered Re-4 finery, not being within the Counties of Lancaster and Chefier 4 refpeCtively, the Refiner or Refiners to or for whom the fame 4 should be consigned or sent should, within Six Weeks next after 4 the Delivery or Receipt of such Rock Salt, pay the Duties of 4 Excife at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Buffiel for 4 such Rock -Salt, unless such Refiner or Refiners should give such 4 sufficient Bond or Security as was in the said Claufe mentioned 4 and prescribed for the due Payment of the Duties of Excife 4 at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bufhel for or in re-4 fpeCt of such Rock Salt, within the Space of Six Months next 4 after such Delivery or Receipt, or elfe producing to the proper

*	Officer of Excife within such Six Months, and having charged 4 with the Duties, a Quantity or Quantities of refined Salt made 4 from such Rock Salt, in the Proportion of Fifty fix Pounds of 4 refined Salt at the leaf! for every Sixty live Pounds of such Rock 4 Salt which should from time to time be found by the proper Officer 4 or Officers of Excife deficient of the Quantity of such Rock 4 Salt which should have been so delivered or received, and for 4 paying at the end of every Six Weeks from the time of the Charge 4 thereof the Duties at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per 4 Bufhel for or in respect of the Quantity of each Charge of such 4 refined Salt : And Whereas it has been found by Experience that 6 the Produce of refined Salt from Rock Salt exceeds the Propor-4 tion aforesaid ; and it is therefore expedient to require Payment of

*	Duty for the Salt refined from such Rock Salt according to 4 the greater Proportion hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Provilion as is hereinbefore recited shall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that from and after the passing of this A61, all and every such Refiner and Refiners shall within Fourteen Days next after the Delivery or Receipt of any Rock Salt, give sufficient Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excife, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in Double the Value of the Duties on such Rock Salt, for producing to the proper Officer of Excife, to be taken Account of or charged with Duty by him, within the Space of Twelve Months next after such Delivery or Receipt, a Quantity or Quantities of refined Salt made from such Rock Salt, in the proportion of Fifty eight Pounds of refined Salt at the least for every Sixty five Pounds of such Rock Salt, and for paying the Duties thereon at the Erid of every Six

Weeks

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

€.49.

145

Weeks from the time of the Charge upon any Part of such refined Salt, at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bufiiel ; and if any such Refiner or Refiners fiiall refuse or neglect to give such Bond or Security as is hereby in that Behalf required, all such Rock Salt fiiall be forfeited, together with the Duties thereon, and such Rock Salt fiiall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife : Provided always, that all and every such Refiner and Refiners fiiall be at Liberty, within such Space of Twelve Months, to export or deliver for the Ufe of the Fifiieries, or to any entered Maker of oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime for making oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, any Part of such refined Salt Duty-free under the Regulations efta-blifhed by Law in that Behalf; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Refiner and Refiners of Rock Salt fiiall provide and maintain a proper and secure Warehouse, Storehoufe or Loft, or Warehouses, Storehoufes or Lofts, to the Satisfaction of the Supervifor of Excifc in whose DiftriCt it or they may be situated, with good and sufficient Locks and other Faftenings thereto refpeCtively, to be provided by such Supervifor at the. Expence and Charge of such Refiner or Refiners refpe6tiveiy, into which Warehoufe or Warehouses, or Storehoufe or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, or some or one of them, all the Rock Salt fiiall, immediately after the Arrival or Receipt thereof at such Refinery, be put and deposited by and at the Expence of such Refiner or Refiners, according to the Directions of this ACt ; and each such Warehouse, Storehoufe or Loft refpeCtively, fiiall be locked up and secured by the proper Officer of Excife under whose Survey the fame shall from time to time be, except at such time or times only as such Officer fiiall be attending for the Purpofe of depositing Rock Salt therein, or for weighing or taking Account of the Rock Salt therein, or delivering Rock Salt from or out of such refpeCtive Warehouse, Storehoufe or Loft ; and if any such Refiner or Refiners fiiall negleCt or refuse, at his, her or their own Expence, to provide such Warehouse, Storehoufe or Loft, or Warehouses, Storehoufes or Lofts as aforesaid, or to pay such Supervifor as aforesaid, upon Demand, for any Lock or Locks, Key or Keys, or other Faftening or Faftenings thereon or thereto, and provided by such Supervifor for the Security thereof, or fiiall refuse or negleCt to put or deposit any Rock Salt, immediately after the Arrival or Receipt thereof at any such Refinery, in one or more of such Warehouses, Storehoufes or Lofts, according to the Directions of this ACt ; or if any Refiner or Refiners or other Person or Persons fiiall damage, force or open, or cause to be damaged, forced or opened, any such Lock or other Faftening, or enter or cause to be entered any such Warehouse, Storehoufe or Loft, save at such time and times as are herein for that Purpofe mentioned, then and in each and every such case the Refiner or Refiners, or other Person or Persons so offending, fiiall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; provided that no such Refiner or Refiners shall be hindered or prevented from putting any Cargo of such Salt by itself into Steep immediately on its Arrival and Receipt, without warehoufing the fame as aforesaid, such Cargo of Rock Salt first being taken Account of by the proper Officer.

57 Geo. III.	L	VIII.	And

Penalty.

Provifo for Exportation, See.

Refiners to pro* vide Warehoufes for the Lodgment of Rock Salt under the Excife Locks. Such Salt to he deposited at the Expence of Refiners.

Refiner negleft-ing to provide Warehouse, or to pay for Locks, &c.

or damaging Locks, &c.

Penalty loci. Provifo for putting Salt into Steep.

Hosted

C. 49.

57' GEO. III.

A. D. 1817.

Refiners to give Notice to have Rock Salt taken out of the Ware-houfe for diflolv-ing into Brine,

Officer thereupon to attend.

Notice void un-lefs for opening Rock Salt Ware-lioufes between certain Hours, See.

Refiners to keep each Cargo of Rock Salt fepa-rate and apart, and all refined Salt made from Rock Salt included in one Bond, separate and apart from refined Salt made from Rock Salt included under any other Bond.

Penalty tool.

Refiners not to put Rock Salt, which is the Subject of one Bund* into Solu-

VIII. xVnd be it farther enabled, That when and so often as any such Refiner or Refiners shall be desirous to have any such Rock Salt delivered from or out of any such Warehouse, Storehoufe or Loft, for the Purpofe of being put into any Ciftern or other Veffel for dissolving the fame or making the fame into Brine, he, ffie or they shall give Twelve Hours’ previous Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excife under whose Survey such Warehouse, Storehoufe or Loft ffiall be, of his, her or their Intention to have such Rock Salt so delivered for the Purpofe aforesaid, specifying in such Notice the particular Day and Hour at which he, she or they intends or intend to have such Rock Salt so delivered for the Purpofe aforesaid, and the Quantity of such Rock Salt so to be delivered, not being less than Forty Bufhels at any one time ; and upon such Notice being so given, the proper Officer or Officers of Excife ffiall attend at the time mentioned in such Notice, and open such Warehouse, Storehoufe or Loft, and such Refiner or Refiners ffiall thereupon proceed to weigh, and ffiall with all due Diligence and Dif-patch weigh, in the Prefence of such Officer or Officers, the whole of the Rock Salt specified in such Notice : Provided always never-theless, that no such Refiner or Refiners ffiall be at Liberty to give any such Notice for having any such Rock Salt so delivered at any other time than between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon; and every Notice given for having any such Rock Salt so delivered in any less Quantity than Forty Buffiels at one time, or at any other time or Hour than between the Hours in that Behalf aforesaid, ffiall and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all and every such Refiner and Refiners of Rock Salt ffiall deposit, flore and keep all and every Cargo or Quantity of Rock Salt received at one time, and which is or are the Subject of and included in any Bond as aforesaid, separate and apart from all Rock Salt received at any other time or times, and which is or are the Subject or Subjects of and included in another or different Bond or Bonds; and all Refined Salt made or prepared from Rock Salt, delivered or received at his,'her or their Refinery at the same time, and which is the Subje6t of and included in any Bond, separate and apart from all Refined Salt made or prepared from Rock Salt, delivered or received at such Refinery at another time or times, or which is or are the Subject or Subjedfs of and included in another or different Bond or Bonds ; and if any such Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt ffiall neglect or refuse to deposit, store or keep all Rock Salt received at one time, and which is the Subject of and included in one Bond, separate and apart from all Rock Salt received at any other time or times, or which may be the Subject of and included in another Bond or other Bonds as aforesaid, or ffiall neglect or refuse to deposit, store or keep the Refined Salt made therefrom respectively separate and apart as aforesaid, every such Refiner or Refiners so offending ffiall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

X.	And be it further enacted, That no such Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt ffiall put any Rock Salt by him, her or them received

- at the same time, and which is the Subject of and included in any Bond as aforesaid, into any Ciftern or other Veffel which ffiall at that

time

Hosted

A.D.I817.

57° GEO. III.

C.49.

147

time contain any Brine made or prepared from Rock Salt received by him, her or them at any other time or times, or which is or are the Subject or Subjects of and included in any other Bond or Bonds ; or shall dissolve at one and the same time, in one and the fame Cistern, VefTel or Utenfil, different Quantities of Rock Salt received at his, her or their Refinery at different times, or which are the Subjects of and included in different Bonds as aforesaid ; or shall mix or mingle together different Quantities of Brine made or prepared from such different Quantities of Rock Salt; or shall begin to run into any Boiling Pan any Part of the Brine made with or from any Part of the Rock Salt received at his, her or their Refinery at a subsequent time, and which is the Subject of and included in a subsequent Bond, until the whole Quantity of Rock Salt received at such Refinery at any prior time, and which is the Subjedt of and included in any prior Bond, has been wholly dissolved, refined, warehoused and taken Account of by the proper Officer ; and if any such Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt shall put any Rock Salt by him, her or them received at the same time, and which is the Subject of and included in any Bond as aforesaid, into any Ciflern or other VefTel which shall at any time contain any Brine made or prepared from Rock Salt received by him, her or them at another time or times, or which is or are the Subject or Subjects of and included in any other Bond or Bonds as aforesaid ; or shall dissolve at one and the same time, in one and the fame Cistern, VefTel or Utenfil, different Quantities of Rock Salt received at his, her or their Refinery at different times, and which are the Subjects of and included in different Bonds as aforesaid ; or shall mix or mingle together different Quantities of Brine made or prepared from such different Quantities of Rock Salt, or shall begin to run into any Boiling Pan any Part of the Rock Salt received at his, her or their Refinery at a subsequent time, and which is the Subjedt of arid included in a subsequent Bond, until the whole Quantity of Rock Salt received at such Refinery at any prior time, and which is the Subjedl of and included in any prior Bond, has been wholly dissolved, refined, warehoused and taken Account of by the proper Officer; then and in each and every such case the Refiner or Refiners so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, and Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt from Sea Water, or from Rock Salt dissolved in Sea Water, or any Water in which Salt is held in Solution, or any Mixture therewith, not being within the Counties of Chester or Lancaster refpec-tively, or that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, shall have, provide, fix, maintain and keep, at his, her or their Salt Work, a Vat or Vats, or other VefTel or Veffels, or Refervoir or Refer-voirs, to the Satisfa&ion of the Supervifor of Excife of the Diftridl in which such Salt Work shall be situated, for the Purpofe of receiving the Brine or other Preparation wherewith he, file or they fiiall or may intend to charge any Pan or Boiler for any Operation of boiling or making Salt, and shall, before he, she or they shall begin to make any Salt, make Entry thereof in Writing with the proper Officer of Excife, as the Charging Veffcl or Veffels, Re-

L 2	fervoir

tion with Brine made from Rock Salt which is the Subject of another Bond, or begin to dissolve any Rock Sait fublequently received and included in different Bonds, nor mingle Brines, until the Rock Salt before received lias been wholly refined.

Penalty iocl.

Refiners of Salt from Sea Water, or from Rock Salt dissolved in Sea or Salt Water, (Exception) to provide and keep a Vef-fel to receive the Brine, Sre. and before beginning to make Salt to enter the lame. Negle&ing, Sec. or removing or altering Veffels, See. without Notice,

Hosted by

148

C. 49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Penalty loci. Such Salt Maker.') and Refiners to give Notice of charging Pans or Boilers, and not to begin charging them within One Hour from Notice,

otherwise Notice void, and fresh Notice.

Refiner neglecting or removing or concealing Brine,Sec. before Officer shall have taken a previous Account both of the Quantity and Quality,

fervoir or Refervoirs, of his, her or their Pan or Boiler, Pans or Boilers, with Brine or other Preparation for making Salt; and that if any such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners, shall refuse or neglect to provide, fix, maintain or keep such Vat or Vats, VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs as aforesaid, at his, her or their Salt Work, or shall at any time remove or alter such Vat or Vats, VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs, or change the Pofition thereof, without previous Notice in Writing to such Supervifor of his, her or their Intention so to do, or shall begin to make Salt at his, her or their Salt Work before he, she or they shall have made Entry thereof in Writing as aforesaid with the proper Officer of Ex-cife, he, she or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Day and Year last aforesaid, all and every such Maker or Makers of Salt, and Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt as last aforesaid, shall, at least Six Hours before he, she or they shall begin to charge any Pan or Boiler with Sea Water, Brine or other Prepration for boiling or making Salt, convey and put such Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation into such Charging VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refer--voirs as aforesaid, and give to the Officer of Excife under whose Survey his, her or their Salt Work shall be, at least Five Hours5 Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention to charge such Pan or Boiler from such Charging VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs, with the Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation then contained in such Charging VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs, specifying therein the particular time and Hour at which he, she or they intends or intend to charge such Pan or Boiler; and if any such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners, shall not begin to charge his, her or their Pan or Boiler from such Charging VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs as aforesaid, within the Space of One Hour after the particular time specified in such Notice for that Purpose, then such Notice shall be void, and every such Maker or Makers, and Refiner or Refiners, shall give a fresh and like Notice before he, she or they shall begin to charge his, her or their Pan or Boiler as aforesaid; and in case such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners shall neglect or refuse so to convey and put such Sea Water, Brine or other Preparations as aforesaid into such Charging VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs at such time as aforesaid, or to give any such Notice as aforesaid ; or having given a Notice which shall become void as aforesaid, shall negle£t or refuse to give a fresh and like Notice; or if he, she or they shall, after having conveyed and put such Sea Water, Brine or other Preparations into his, or their Charging VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs as aforesaid, and given such Notice as is in that Behalf before mentioned, remove or conceal any Part thereof, or run or convey any Part thereof into any Pan or Boiler before the proper Officer shall have taken an Account of the Quantity and Quality or Strength thereof as hereinafter mentioned; or if after such Officer shall have taken such Account thereof, any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, shall put into such Charging VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs, any Salt, Rock Salt or other Material by which such Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation therein may be strengthened or altered in Quality, or shall add to the fame, or remove any Part

thereof

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 49.

1.49

thereof othervvife than by charging such Pan or Boiler therewith at the time specified in such Notice, or shall put into or charge any Pan or Boiler with any Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation for making Salt, other than such as shall have been taken an Account of by the Officer in such Charging VefTel or Veffels, Refervoir or Refervoirs as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Day and Year last aforesaid, the Officer or Officers of Excife shall be and are hereby authorized and empowered, as soon as any such Charging VefTel or Refervoir as aforesaid shall be entered by any such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners as aforesaid, to guage and measure the fame, and accurately ascertain the Content or Capacity thereof, and shall and may at all time and times examine the Fluid or Fluids or other Materials put into or found in any such VefTel or Refervoir, and make Trial by a certain Inflrument or Hydrometer called Harvey’s Hydrometer of the Strength of any Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation that may be found or contained therein, and take a Sample or Samples thereof for that Purpose, not exceeding Half a Gallon ; and that when and so often as any such Notice shall be given by any such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners, to charge his, her or their Pan or Boiler from such VefTel or Refervoir as aforesaid, such Officer or Officers shall and may take an Account of the Quantity of Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation for making Salt contained in such Charging VefTel or Refervoir, and make Trial by such Inflrument as aforesaid of the Strength of such Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation therein ; and if any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or other Person or Per-fons, shall obflrudt or hinder any Officer or Officers in gauging any such VefTel or Refervoir, or in taking such Account as aforesaid, or life any Art, Means or Contrivance by which any Officer or Officers shall be hindered, obflrudled or prevented in ascertaining and taking a true Gauge of any such VefTel or Refervoir, or a true Account of the Quantity of Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation which may at any time be contained in any such Charging VefTel or Refervoir, or in ascertaining by Trial the true Strength thereof as denoted by such Hydrometer as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That all and every Dealer in> Retailer or Seller of Salt, shall make Entry at the nearest Office of Excife of his, her or their Warehouse, Storehouse, Celiar, Shop or other Place or Places in which he, she or they shall flore, deposit or keep such Salt, and shall upon Demand receive from the proper Officer of Excife a Book or Books, to be prepared with proper printed Forms and Titles for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned, and kept by every such Dealer in, Retailer and Seller of Salt, in some public and open Part of his, her or their entered Premifes ; and that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, no Salt exceeding Two Bufhels at any one time shall be fold, sent out or delivered by any such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Salt, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without being accompanied by a Certificate filled up and cut out progref-fively from the printed Forms of such Certificates contained in fuch

L 3	Book

Exception,

Penalty 50I'.

Officers to gauge Charging VefTel and to take at* Account of the Quantity and Quality of the Brine in the Charging VelTel. Harvey’s Hydrometer.

Ohftru&ing

Officer,

Penalty 200I.

Salt Dealers to make Entry, and keep Account of Salt exceeding Two Bufhels fold, S:c. and Salt exceeding Two Bufhels to be accompanied upon Removal by a Certificate..

Hosted

150

C. 49.

570 GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Book in which Account kept, ©pen to Officer.

Dealer neglecting, &c. to make Entry,and other-wife offending as herein mentioned,

Penalty acol. Salt removing without Certificate forfeited; and Penalty of 50I.

Loaded Carriages to be removed from Salt Warebouses, and not to return again.

Book as aforesaid, signed by such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Salt, felling, fending out or delivering the fame, or some Person or Persons on his, her or their Behalf, certifying the Date thereof, the Quantity of such Salt to whom fold, from whose Stock delivered, and that the Duty has been paid or secured to be paid thereon ; and that the Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Salt, felling, fending out or delivering any Salt exceeding Two Bufhels as aforesaid, shall at the same time make a correspondent Entry thereof, containing the fame Particulars, in such Book as aforesaid ; and that such Book with such Entries so made therein as aforesaid shall at all times lie open and exposed in the entered Premifes of such Dealer in. Retailer or Seller of Salt as aforesaid, to the Perufal of any Officer or Officers of Excife, and shall be delivered by such Dealer in. Retailer or Seller of Salt as aforesaid, to any Officer or Officers of Excife upon Demand ; and if any Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Salt shall refuse or neglect to make such Entry as aforesaid of all his, her or their Warehouses, Storehouses, Celiars, Shops and other Places for Storing or keeping Salt, or shall at any time ob-ftru£t or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife from entering therein, or infpedsing, fnrveying, weighing, or taking an Account of his, her or their Stock of Salt, or shall conceal any Part of such Salt from the Sight or View of the Officer or Officers, or shall fell, fend out, or deliver any Quantity of Salt exceeding Two Buffiels at any one time unaccompanied by such Certificate as aforesaid, or making such Entry in such Book as aforesaid, or shall convey away or conceal any such Book as aforesaid, or canoel, obliterate, destroy or tear out any Leaf or Leaves therefrom, or Entry or Entries therein, or shall make any false Entry or Entries therein, or shall oppose, molefl, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in inspecting any such Book or Books, or any filch Entry or Entries therein as aforesaid, or shall at any time neglect or refuse when required, to give up to any Officer or Officers such Book or Books as aforesaid, all and every such Dealer in. Retailer or Seller of Salt, so offending, shall for every such Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds ; and all Salt exceeding Two Buffiels, removing or removed without being accompanied by such Certificate as aforesaid, and all Salt found in the Poffeffion of any Dealer in, or Retailer or Seller of Salt, or in any unentered Warehouse, Storehouse, Celiar, Shop or other Place of any Dealer in, or Retailer or Seller of Salt, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Person or Persons removing, carrying or conveying the fame, or aiding or affiffing therein, or in whose Cuflody the fame shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Salt or Rock Salt shall be weighed or delivered from any Salt Mine, Salt Work, Warehouse, Storehoufe or other Place, from which it is to be removed, accompanied by any Permit or Permits, the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Salt or Rock Salt shall cause the Veffel or Carriage into which such Salt or Rock Salt shall be put or delivered to be immediately drawn off and removed with such Salt or Rock Salt from such Premises, to the Diftance of at leaf! One hundred Yards from any other Salt Work, Warehoufe or Storehouse, and not again to return thereto with such Salt or Rock Salt or any

Part

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 49.

151

Part thereof on board ; and if the whole Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt intended to be put into such Veffel or Carriage, shall not be delivered therein within the Hours allowed by Law for the Removal of Salt from any Warehouse, the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Salt or Rock Salt shall, at the Expiration of such lawful Hours, cause such Veffel or Carriage so in Part loaded to be drawn off and removed, with the Salt or Rock Salt therein, to such Diftance as aforesaid, and to continue and remain so removed to such Diffance as aforesaid until the Commencement of such lawful Hours on the following Morning, upon Pain of forfeiting all the Salt or Rock Salt so delivered as aforesaid, and Double the Amount of the Duties thereon ; and such Salt or Rock Salt shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife : Provided always, that if at any time it shall be made to appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commiffion-ers of Excife, that from the peculiar Situation or ConftruClion of any such Salt Mine, Salt Work, Warehouse, Storehoufe or other Place, the Salt or Rock Salt can be delivered therefrom, with sufficient Security to the Revenue arising from the Duties upon Salt, without any such Removal as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for fnch Commissioners to grant their Leave and Licence for the Salt or Rock Salt to be delivered therefrom without any such Removal as aforesaid, upon such Conditions as they may in that Behalf preferibe.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Rock Salt to be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat, or other Veffel, or in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in which any Salt shall be put or laid, except as hereinafter mentioned: Provided always, that no Crufhed Rock Salt or Crufhed Salt, commonly called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Coloured or Dyed Salt, delivered Duty free for the Ufe of the Fifheries, shall after the Month of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veffel, or in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in which any Salt of any other Description, or uncrufhed Rock Salt, shall be put or laid ; and that no White Salt delivered Duty free for the Ufe of the Fifheries shall be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veffel, or in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in which any Salt for any other Purpose, after the Month and Year last aforesaid, or of any other Description, or Rock Salt shall be put or laid ; and that no Salt delivered Duty free for any Purpofe whatsoever shall be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veffel, or in any Waggon,. Cart or other Carriage, in which any Salt Duty paid for Home Con-fumption shall be put or laid, on Pain of forfeiting all the Salt or Rock Salt so found removing contrary to the Dire&ions of this A61 ; and the lame, together with the Package containing any such Salt or Rock Salt refpeCtively, and the Boat, Barge or other Veffel containing the fame, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuiloms or Excife.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Requeft Note to be made and delivered according to the Directions of the said ACt, for a Permit for the Removal of any Salt or Crufhed Rock Salt for the Ufe of the Fifheries, shall, in addition to the Particulars required by the said ACt of the Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, specify whether the fame be White Salt, or Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt,

L d?	commonly

Carriages not having received the whole lading to be removed as herein mentioned.

Penalty.

Provifo for Licence from Commissioners to deliver Salt..

Defciiptions of Salt which may not he removed in the fame Veffel or Carriage with Rock Salt,. &c.

Penalty.

Requeft Notes, Permits and Bonds to express the different Descriptions and Quantities or Weights of Salt,

Hosted

XJM

C. 49.

573 GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

in addition to Particulars required by 38 G.3. c.89.

38 G. 3. c.89.

§83.

Matter or Commander of Vef-fels before landing Salt to make Oath that no Part of such Salt has been removed or taken out of such Veflel during the Voyage.

Exception.

Negle<sting,'&c.to make such Oath,

commonly called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt, and the Weight or Quality and Condition of each respectively ; and all and every Permit to be granted, and Bond to be given, for the Removal of any Salt or Crufhed Rock Salt for the Ufe of the Fifheries, shall, in addition to the Particulars required by the said A£t, express the Quantity or Weight of White Salt, or Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, commonly called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt, to be removed or sent away ; and if any Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, commonly called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt be removed or sent away without such Requeft Note and Permit respectively, specifying such Particulars as afore-said, the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

‘ XVIII. And Whereas by the said A&, made in the Thirty c eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, all and every c Matter or Commander of any Ship or Velfel, in or on board of

<	which any Salt or Rock Salt shall be carried or transported or con-c veyed from One Port or Place in Great Britain to another Part

*	thereof, shall, before he shall begin to unfhip or land any Part of

<	the Salt or Rock Salt in or on board of such Ship or Veflel, pro-

*	duce to and leave with the proper Officer of Excife who shall be

*	appointed or employed to receive the fame, a true and authentic i Permit, or true and authentic Permits, for such Salt or Rock

<	Salt, and shall make Oath before such proper Officer of Excife,

*	that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief no Salt or Rock

*	Salt hath been laid on board of, or put or taken into his Ship or ‘ Veflel since she departed or failed from the Port or Place at which

*	the Salt or Rock Salt mentioned in such Permit or Permits was

*	shipped, and that he verily believes no Salt or Rock Salt what-‘ soever hath been laid on board, or put or taken into such Ship or

*	Veflel, save and except such as is mentioned and specified in the

*	Permit or Permits, then and at the time of making such Oath pro-c duced to and left with such Officer as aforesaid; which Oath has ‘ been found inefficient for the good Purpofes thereby intended Be it further enacted, That all and every such Matter or Commander shall in every such case as aforesaid, before he shall begin to unship, land or tranfliip any Part of the Salt or Rock Salt, in or on board of any such Ship or Veflel, make further Oath before such Officer of Excife as aforesaid (which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), that to the befl of his Knowledge and Belief no Salt or Rock Salt shipped or taken on board of such Ship or Veflel has been unshipped, tranflipped, removed, or taken out of such Ship or Veflel, from the time such Salt or Rock Salt or any Part thereof, was taken on board of such Ship or Veflel, except so much as lias been delivered under Permit flrft given by some Officer or Officers of Excife, and in his Prefence, or except in case of some inevitable Accident or Neceffity, to be stated by such Matter or Commander in such Oath ; and that no Water or other Eiquid or Material has been put or thrown into or amongst the Salt in such Veflel, or any Part thereof; and if any such Matter or Commander shall refuse or neglect to make such further Oath as aforesaid, or shall put or .caufe or suffer to be put any Water or

other

Hosted

A.D. 1817*	57°	GEO. III.	C.	49.

other Liquid or Material into or amongst any such Salt, he shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That if there shall be delivered out of any Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Veflel used or employed for carrying or removing Salt or Rock Salt, delivered Duty free on her Arrival at the Place of her Deftination, a less Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt than was respectively loaded on board thereof for any such Removal as aforesaid, the Mailer or other Person commanding such Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Veflel, shall forthwith pay to the nearest Collector of Excife the full Amount of the Duty of Fifteen Shillings for every Bulhel of the Salt or Rock Salt refpec-tively so deficient, and so in proportion for any less Quantity ; and such Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Veflel shall and may be seized and detained by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland until the fame shall be paid, and also all Expenfes attending or occasioned by such Seizure and Detention : Provided always, that no such Duty shall be demanded or paid, or any such Detention be made for any Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt so deficient as aforesaid, in cases entitled to Relief under the Provifions of this A£t ; and provided that no such Detention shall be made of any Flat, Boat, Barge or other Veflel removing Salt or Rock Salt from the Salt Mines or Salt Works in the Counties of Chester or Lancaster to Liverpool.

XX.	And be it further enabled, That in all cases where any Salt or Rock Salt shall or may be shipped without Payment of Duty, upon Bond, to be removed or carried Coaftwife, or from Great Britain to Ireland, or the Iflands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney or Man, which Bonds, by the Laws now in force, are respectively to be diicharged upon the Production of a Certificate from the proper Officer or Officers at the Port or Place to which such Salt or Rock Salt shall be sent or removed, of the due Delivery or Receipt and weighing out of such Salt or Rock Salt according to the Condition of each such Bond refpeCtively, a Duplicate of such Certificate shall be, immediately on the Delivery or Receipt and weighing out of such Salt or Rock Salt transmitted by Poll by the Officer or Officers who is or are by Law to grant the fame to the Officer with whom such respective Bond is lodged, and who is authorized to discharge and cancel such Bond, and such Officer or Officers, upon the Receipt of such Duplicate Certificate, and upon Payment to him by the Obligor or Obligors of such Bond, his, her or their Agent, of all Expenfes of Pottages, or otherwise occasioned thereby, shall discharge and cancel such Bond : Provided always, that such Bond shall not be cancelled unless the Certificate so received be for the whole Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt for which such Bond shall have been given, but such Certificate shall be taken and received for so much Salt or Rock Salt only as shall be therein respectively ex-prefled in Words at Length to have been delivered, received and weighed out according to the Condition of such Bond.

< XXI. And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the several Duties ‘ of Cuftoms imposed on Foreign Salt imported into Great Britain * by any Law or Laws now in force, and to impose other Duties of 1 Excife in lieu thereof ;y Be it therefore enacted, That all and every such Duty and Duties of Cuftoms imposed on Foreign Salt imported into Great Britain, by any A<5t or A&s in force at or immediately

Ido

Penalty 50I. Vefiels delivering less than their permitted Cargoes of Salt to be detained until Duty be paid upon the Deficiency, and Expences of Detainer.

Provifo for certain cases in which such Duty is not to be demanded, Sic.

Where Salt shipped Coaft-wile, &c. on Bond, Certificates for Difcharge of Bonds to be transmitted from Officer giving Certificate to Officers with whom Bond lodged; who upon Receipt of Duplicate CertD licate and Payment of Expences is to cancel such Bond.

Provifo.

Duties on Foreign Salt imported, repealed.

Hosted

38 G.3.C.89. § 12.

Foreign Salt imported for the foie Purpofe of curing Fifh, to pay 3d. per Bufhel Excife Duty.

Such Foreign Salt to be imported subject to the recited Re-flridlions.

Duties and Drawbacks of Excite on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs made in G. B. repealed ;

c. 49.	57°	GEO. III.	A.D.1817.

mediately before the palling of this Ad, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, (fave and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears-thereof respectively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or at the palling of this Ad.

4 XXII. And Whereas it is enacted by the said Ad, made in 4 the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, that it 4 shall and may be lawful to and for any known Fifh Curer or Fifh 4 Curers to import and lodge in his, her or their entered Warehouses, 4 free of the Duty by that Ad imposed for or in respect of Foreign 4 Salt, and for the foie Purpofe of curing and preserving Fifh, any 4 Quantity of Foreign Salt, not less than Fifty Bufhels at one time, 4 upon the Terms and Conditions, and under, subject and according 4 to the several Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Provifions 4 thereinafter provided and eilablifhed for or in respect of BritiJIo 4 Salt, sent or delivered to Fifh Curers free of Duty, for the Purpofe 4 of curing and preserving Fifh ; provided that such Foreign Salt so 4 to be employed and consumed in curing and preserving Fifh should 4 be duly and fairly entered with the proper Colledor of Excife 4 upon the Importation thereof, and weighed and transhipped, or 4 weighed and landed and warehoused, as the case may require, in 4 the Prefence and with the Concurrence of the proper Officer of 4 Excife at the Port of Importation : And whereas it is expedient 4 that Foreign Salt so imported for the foie Purpofe of curing and 4 preserving Fifh should be subject to a small Duty of Excife to be 4 paid and payable for the fame in lieu of the Cuftoms Duties hereby 4 repealed, and which have heretofore been payable and paid for the 4 fame Be it therefore enacted. That from and after the palling of this Adt, in lieu and inllead of the Duties of Cuftoms by this Ad! repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccelTors, the Rate and Duty of Excife hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, for every Bufhel of Foreign Salt of Fifty fix Pounds Weight which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, for the foie Purpofe of curing and preserving Fifh, Three pence to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof: Provided always, that all such Foreign Salt shall be imported, warehoused, used, applied and accounted for upon the several Terms and Conditions, and under and subject to the several Rules, Regulations, Reftridtions and Provifions hereinbefore recited, and such as may be provided and established by Law, for or in refped! of White Salt sent or delivered to or for the Ufe of Fifh Curers, free of Duty, for the Purpofe of curing and preserving Fifh.

4 XXIII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties and Draw-4 backs of Excife now payable in refped! of Mineral Alkali, or Flux 4 for Glafs made in Great Britainy should be repealed, and that an-4 other Duty of Excife should be imposed in refped! thereof;’ Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the several Duties of Excife now payable by Law in refped! of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs made in Great Britain shall ccafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refped!ively which may

at

Hosted by

AJD.1817-

57° GEO. XII.

C. 49.

155

at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, in lieu and instead of the Duties on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs by this A61 repealed, there shall be raised, levied, colle6ted and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, the Rate and Duty of Excife hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, for every Ton of all Mineral Alkali called Soda, or by whatever other Name or Names the fame is or hereafter may be known or calied, made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, from whatever Materials or Ingredients the fame may be made or extracted, Thirty Shillings.

XXV.	And for avoiding Difputes as to what Subftances shall be liable to such Duty, be it further enacted, That the said Duty shall attach and be paid upon all such Alkali as aforesaid, and upon all Substances, Materials and Preparations containing such Alkali, and which are or shall be employed or made for use in any Manufacture or Manufactures for or on account of any Alkali therein contained : Provided always, that all Black Allies or Materials made at any entered Alkali Work, and used by or fold or delivered to any Soap Maker for making Soap, and containing not more than Ten per Centum of such Alkali, to be ascertained by an average Sample taken for that Purpofe by the Surveying Officer, maybe so used or fold or delivered at or from such entered Works, without Payment of the Duty hereby imposed ; and that if any such Allies or Materials shall be so used, fold or delivered without Payment of Duty, which shall contain more than Ten per Centum of such Alkali, all such Materials shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Person or Persons removing, using, felling or delivering the fame shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, before he, she or they shall presume to begin to make or manufacture any Mineral Alkali, commonly called or distinguished or known by the Defcription of Soda, or any Substance, Material or Preparation containing such Alkali, and which are or shall be employed or made for Ufe in any Manufacture or Manufactures for or on account of any Alkali therein contained, shall from time to time make true and particular Entry in Writing of every Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room and other Place, and also of every Utenfil and Veffel by him, her or them respectively intended to be made use of in or for the making or keeping of such Alkali, or any Materials proper to be made into such Alkali, at the Office of Excife within the Compafs or Limits whereof such Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, and other Place respectively shall be situate ; and if any such Person or Persons shall begin to make any such Alkali without first making such Entry, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all such Alkali, and all the Materials proper to be made into such Alkali, and all the Utenfils and Veffels used in making the fame which shall at any time be found in any Workhouse, Warehouse,

Storehouse,

and instead of the said Dude?, a Duty of 30?. per Ton.

Subftances de-feribed liable to the Alkali Duty.

If fold, Ac. from entered Works without Payment of Duty, Sec. Seizure and Penalty iooL

Alkali Makers to make Entry of their Works.

Penalty iooL and Forfeiture of the Alkali, &c.

Hosted

C. 49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Provifo for Kelp made in G.B.

Makers of Alkaline Preparations containing Soda as herein described not liable to the Survey of Officers of Excite, on certain Conditions,

47 G. 3. Seffi.2. c.30. §5-

43 G.3. c. 69.

Salted Beef, Pork or Bacon brought by Land from Scotland to England subject to a Duty of only is. 6d. per Cwt.

Storehouse, Room or other Place used in or for the making or keeping of such Alkali whereof no such Entry shall be made.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this ACt shall extend or be construed to extend to the Manufacture of Kelp made in any Part of Great Britain, by the Incineration of Marine Plants.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Manufacturer of Soda or any Alkaline Preparation containing Soda according to the Directions mentioned or prescribed in or by the Pharmacopeias of the Royal College of Phyiicians of London, Edinburgh or Dublin, not exceeding Ten hundredWeight in any Quarter of a Year, shall, with respect to such Soda or Alkaline Preparations, be subject to the ordinary periodical Surveys of the Officers of Ex-cife, or to the several Regulations on the time and manner of making Alkali, contained in this or in any other ACt or ACts of Parliament relating thereto, provided such Maker or Manufacturer shall make due Entry of his Works, and shall on or within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October refpeCtively, in every Year, make a Return in Writing to the Commissioners of Excife, at the Chief Office of Excife in London or Edinburgh refpeCtively, or to the Collector of Excite in whose Collection his, her or their entered Works shall be situate, of the whole Quantity of Soda and Alkaline Preparations containing Soda fold by him, her or them in the Quarter of the Year preceding, and verify the fame by the Oath or Affirmation of him, her or them, or of his, her or their Foreman or Manager (which Oath and Affirmation the said Commissioners and Collectors are hereby refpeCtively empowered to administer), and shall thereupon pay to such Commissioners or Collectors as aforesaid the full Duty on the Quantity of such Soda and Alkaline Preparations as aforesaid mentioned in such Account, and according to the Rate aforesaid.

6 XXIX. And Whereas by an ACt made in the Forty feventh

<	Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to c amend several Laws of Excife in Great Britain relating to the 6 Duties on Salt, Soap, Paper, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Spirits and Glass,

*	and for rejloring Seizures in certain cases, Sixpence of the Duty

<	of Excife of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Hundred

*	Weight of salted Beef or Pork, or of Bacon brought by Land c from Scotland to England, granted by an ACt made in the Forty c third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB

*	to repeal the Duties of Excife payable in Great Britain, and to grant

*	other Duties in lieu thereof, was from and after the Tenth Day of ( OBober One thousand eight hundred and seven repealed: And

*	Whereas it is expedient that the said Duty should be reduced to ‘ One Shilling and Sixpence per Hundred WeightBe it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Seventeen, Sixpence more of the said Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Hundred Weight of salted Beef or Pork or of Bacon brought by Land from Scotland to England, granted by the said ACt made in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, shall cease and determine, save and except as to any Arrears thereof; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen the Sum of One Shilling

and

Hosted

57° GEO. Ill

C.49.

157

and Sixpence only of the said Duty shall be paid or payable upafri and for every Hundred Weight of salted Beef, Pork or Bacon so brought as aforesaid.

XXX.	And be it further enafled, That such of the Duties by this Aft imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excife in England for the time being ; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the Duties by this Aft imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlminjlery and shall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That the said several Duties shall be respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered and paid in such and the like manner, and in or by any of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which the Duties of Excife on Salt and Mineral Alkali respectively are or were or might be raised, collected, recovered and paid ; and the said Perfon’s Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities so by this Aft respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the said Duties respectively imposed, shall be and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reflriffions and Forfeitures to which the Makers or Refiners of Salt and Rock Salt, and Makers of Mineral Alkali respectively, and the Materials for making the fame, are or shall be generally or specially subject and liable ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Aft or ACts of Parliament for securing the Revenue of Excife on Salt and Mineral Alkali respectively, or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excife respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in re-fpeft of the said several Duties of Excife respectively hereby charged and imposed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever as if all and every the said Afts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Crufhed Rock Salt delivered from any Salt Mine or Salt Pit for Exportation, upon the low Duty of One Penny for every Bufhel thereof, shall upon its Arrival at the Port of Exportation be entered for Exportation to Newfoundland, the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, or the Isle of Many for the Ufe of the Fifheries, and Oath shall be then and there taken by the Exporter thereof that such Rock Salt is intended to be exported to Newfoundland, the Gulf of Saint Lawrencey or the Isle of Man respectively, for such Purpofe only, (which Oath the Colleftor of Excife of such Port is hereby authorized to administer,) the Officer of Excife granting a Certificate for the Difcharge of the Bond given

Duties under Commissioners of Excife.

Duties carried to

Conlolidated

Fund.

Duties how to be levied.

To what Penalties are to extend, and how to be levied.

What Cruflied Rock Salt may on Oath be exported to Newfoundland, &c. or the Isle of Man, for the Ufe of the Fifheries, free of Duty.

Hosted

C.49.

57" GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

fer the Removal of such Crufhed Rock Salt to such Port, and for

Certificate what to specify.

Undue Exportation.

Penalty.

38-0.3. c.?9.

5 99-

the Shipment thereof for Exportation, shall specify in such Certificate such Entry and Oath as aforesaid, whereupon the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt Mine or Pit from which such Cruflied Rock Salt shall have been delivered as aforesaid, shall be wholly freed and discharged from the Payment of the said low Duty of One Penny for every Bufhel of such Crufhed Rock Salt as shall be so {hipped and exported to Newfoundland, the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, or the Isle of Man, for such Purpofes as aforesaid ; and if any such Crufhed Rock Salt, of which such Entry and Oath shall be so made as aforesaid, shall not be exported as aforesaid, or shall be exported to any other Port or Place, or used or employed for any other Purpofe than as aforesaid, the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Person or Persons in such case offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

4 XXXIV. And Whereas by the said Aft made in the Thirty 4 eighth Year of the R.eign of His present Majessy, any Fifh Curer c or Fifh Curers, who, under and according to the Direftions con-* tained in that Aft, shall have received into his, her or their Cuflodv

repealed.

No Fidi Curer to fell Salt or deliver any Part of his Stock of Salt or Rock Salt received Duty free to any other FifhCurer. Exception.

Penalty iool.

Entered Fifh Curers felling, fending out, transferring or delivering Salt or Rock Salt to other entered FiOt Curers, to deliver a Certificate, and enter the Particulars in the Book to he kept upon the Pie mile s.

4 or Poffeffion any Salt free of Duty for the Purpofe of curing and 4 preserving Fifh, may deliver any Part thereof into the Cuftody or 4 Poffeffion of any other known and entered Fifh Curer under the 4 Terms and Conditions mentioned in the said Aft : And Whereas 4 it is expedient to repeal the said recited Provifion in the said Aft Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen the said last recited Provifion of the said Aft shall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, no Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers shall fell or deliver Salt or Rock Salt for Home Trade or Confumption, or shall fell, exchange, transfer or deliver, or cause or suffer to. be fold, exchanged, transferred or delivered, any Part of his, her or their Stock of Salt or Rock Salt received Duty free for curing and preserving Fifh, to any other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, except as hereinafter mentioned, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, upon any Confideration or Pretence whatever, upon Pain of forfeiting for each and every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; any thing in any other Aft or Afts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be delivered by the proper Officer of Excife, to all and every entered Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers, a Book or Books to be prepared with proper printed Forms and Titles for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned, and kept by every such entered Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers in some public and open Part of his, her or their entered Premifes ; and that from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, it shall and may be lawful for all and every entered Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers to fell, transfer or deliver over to any other entered Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers all or any Part of his, her or their Stock of Salt or Rock Salt received Duty free for curing Fifh ; provided that no such Salt or Rock Salt shall be fold, sent out, transferred, delivered or exchanged by any such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, to or with any other entered Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, without being accompanied by a Certificate filled up and cut out

progreF

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.49.

159

progreffively from the printed Forms for such Certificates contained in such Book as aforesaid, signed by such entered Fifh Curer fending out or delivering the fame, or some Person on his, her or their Behalf, certifying the Day and Hour of such fending out, the Quantity and Quality of such Salt or Rock Salt, from what Place and from whose Stock, and to what Place and to whose Stock the fame is sent, and by what Mode of Conveyance ; and that such Certificate fiiall be delivered with such Salt or Rock Salt to the Fifh Curer or Fifii Curers, and at the Place to which such Salt or Rock Salt is in such Certificate mentioned to be sent; and that the entered Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers felling, fending out, transferring or delivering any such Salt or Rock Salt as aforesaid, shall at the same time make a correspondent Entry thereof, containing the fame Particulars, in such Book as aforesaid ; and that the Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to whom such Salt or Rock Salt shall be sent and delivered as aforesaid, shall enter in the daily Account required by this A61 to be kept by every Fifh Curer, and on the said Certificate, the Day and Hour when such Salt or Rock Salt was received by him, her or them, into his, her or their Stock, at the Place mentioned in such Certificate, and shall deliver such Certificate to his, her or their surveying Officer, on his next Survey of his, her or their Premifes ; and that every such Book, with such Entries so made therein as aforesaid, shall at all times be open and exposed in the entered Premifes of every Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers as aforesaid to the Perufal and Examination of any Officer or Officers of Excife surveying the said Premises, and shall be delivered by every such Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers to any Officer or Officers of Excife upon Demand ; and if any such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers as aforesaid shall at any time fell, fend out, transfer, deliver or exchange any Salt or Rock Salt to any other entered Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers as aforesaid, without fending therewith and delivering such Certificate as aforesaid, and making such Entry in such Book as aforesaid, or shall convey away or conceal any such Book or Books, or canoel, obliterate, alter, destroy or tear out any Leaf or Leaves therefrom, or Entry or Entries therein, or make any false Entry or Entries therein, or shall oppose, molest, obftru£t or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in infpedting or examining any such Book or any such Entry or Entries therein as aforesaid, or shall at any time neglect or refuse when required to give up to any Officer or Officers such Book or Books as aforesaid, all and every such entered Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers as aforesaid so offending shall for every such Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and if any such Salt or Rock Salt be found removing or removed without such Entry or Certificate as aforesaid, or not corresponding in Weight, Quantity, Quality and Defcription with the fame, or in a different manner or in a different Courfe or Direction than directly from and to the refpedfive Stocks mentioned in such Certificate accompanying the fame, all such Salt or Rock Salt, together with the Veffels, Carriages and Cattle made use of in the removing or conveying the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Person or Persons offending, or in whose Cuftody or Poffefiion such Salt or Rock Salt shall be found, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXVI. And

Fifh Curer to whom such Salt delivered to enter the Day and Hour when received.

Such Book to be open to Officer.

Concealing or cancelling, &c. such Book, or opposing Officer, &c.

Penalty rod.

Removing Salt without Certificate, &c.

Salt Carriages, &c. forfeited, and

Penalty iool.

Hosted

C.49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Coloured and Crufhed Salt may be delivered to Fifh Curers.

Exception.

Such Salt to be approved by Officer.

Provifo for Entry to be made by Fifli Gurer.

Bufhel of Crulh-ed Rock Salt 561bs.

Warehoufesmay be provided by Refiners for keeping Crufhed Rock Salt not less than ioo Yards from Refineries, and they may fell such Salt to Filli Curers.

Regulations as to Built, Doors, Chimneys, Windows, See of finch Warehouses; Sec.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, to deliver from and out of his, her or their Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft or other Place belonging and adjoining to any Salt Work, any Quantity of Coloured or Dyed Salt, and Crufhed Salt, commonly called or known by the Name or Befcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or for any Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit to deliver from and out of his, her or their Mine or Pit any Crufhed Rock Salt for the Ufe of the Briti/Jj Fifheries, to be removed, carried, conveyed and delivered to any Fifh Curer, under such Bonds, and under and fubje£t to all and every such Provifions and Regulations as are prescribed, provided and contained in the said several A<ffcs now in force, or any of them, with respect to Salt delivered by such Person or Persons for the Ufe of the Fifheries, except so far as the fame may be specially altered by this A£t: Provided always, that no such Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crushed, Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt, shall be delivered as aforesaid, except such only as shall be approved of for that Purpofe in Writing by the proper Officer of Excife of the Divifion or Diftridl from which the fame shall be delivered and removed as aforesaid, who shall be appointed by the Commissioners of Excife to infpedf such Salt and Rock Salt respectively ; and provided that no Crufhed Rock Salt, Crushed, Fufed or Solid Salt, or Coloured or Dyed Salt, shall be delivered to any Fifh Curer after the Month of April One thou-fand eight hundred and nineteen, who shall not make Entry to use Coloured or Dyed Salt, and Crushed, Fufed or Solid Salt, and Crufhed Rock Salt only, for curing and preserving Fifh, or shall after the time last aforesaid have any Duty-free White Salt in his, her or their Cuflody or PofTeffion for that Purpofe.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That every Bufhel of Crufhed Rock Salt delivered Duty-free shall conlifl of Fifty fix Pounds Weight only.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, redding at or near any Place situate upon or near any of the Sea Coafts of Great Britain, and not being within the said Counties of Chejter or Lan-cajler respectively, to provide or erect and make use of a Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, situate not less than One hundred Yards from his, her or their Refinery or Refineries, and the Warehoufe and Warehoufes and Cellars thereunto belonging, for the Purpofe of laying, storing or keeping therein Crufhed Rock Salt delivered Duty free, and intended for the Ufe of the British Fifheries, and to receive and lay such Crufhed Rock Salt therein, and from time to time to fell and deliver the fame or any Part thereof to any entered Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers only for curing Fifh : Provided always, that every such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, shall be fubflantially and securely built or constructed ; and that no such Warehoufe or Warehouses, or Storehoufe or Storehouses, shall have more than One Door or Entrance into the fame, nor any Chimney therein, or any Window or other opening, except such Door as aforesaid, within Six Feet of any Part of the Ground ; and that there be no Communication between such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, and any other Building or

7	Place

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 49.

161

Place whatever: Provided also, that no such Warehoufe or Ware-houses, Storehoufe or Storehoufes shall be made use of for the laying, floring or keeping (at one and the same time) of any Salt or Rock Salt, except Crufhed Rock Salt for the Ufe of the Britiflo Fifheries, nor any such Rock Salt, until Entry in Writing of such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehoufes shall have been made at the next Office of Excife, by the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, and such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, shall have been first approved of in Writing by and under the Hand of the Supervifor of Excife of the Diflri6l in which such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehoufes shall be situate; and that such Crufhed Rock Salt shall be received by such Proprietor or Proprietors of such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, under the like Bond or Security, and received, fold, or delivered as aforesaid under the like Regulations and Conditions, and subject to the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures in all Refpedls, as in this or any other Ad or A&s not herein expressly altered is or are contained and directed for or on Behalf of Salt received or delivered, fold or transferred, by any Fifh Curer for curing Fifh, or by one Fifh Curer to another Fifh Curer; and if any such Rock Salt delivered for the Ufe of the Fifheries, to be laid, stored or kept in any such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehoufes as aforesaid, shall be lodged and deposited in any such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, of which such Entry shall not have been previously made as aforesaid, or which shall not have been previously approved of in Writing by and under the Hand of the Supervifor of Excife of the Diftri6t in which the fame shall be situate, and not afterwards disapproved of by such Supervisor, all such Rock Salt so lodged and deposited as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, any thing in this A£l contained to the contrary notwithstanding ; and if any Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, or Cellar or Cellars shall fell, exchange, transfer, deliver, consume or employ any Part of the Crufhed Rock Salt sent to be lodged in any such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, or lodged or deposited therein for such Purpofe as aforesaid, for any other or different Purpofe or manner than as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers who shall at any time after the Month of <April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen receive, have or take into his, her or their Cuflody or PofTeffion any White Salt delivered Duty free for curing or preserving Fifh, shall have, receive or take into his, her or their Cuflody or PofTeffion any British Coloured or Dyed Salt, or any Crufhed Salt, called or known by the Name or Defcrip-tion of Fufed or Solid Salt, or any Crufhed Rock Salt; and if any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers who shall at any time after the time last aforesaid receive, have or take into his, her or their Cuflody or PofTeffion any White Salt delivered Duty free for curing or preserving Fifh ; or if any other Person or Persons, not making Entry and giving Bond as hereinbefore mentioned for any such Warehoufe as aforesaid, or not being a Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, and making 57 Geo. III.	M	Entry

Entry of such Warehouses, &c.

Such Crufhed Rock Salt liable to Regulations as herein mentioned.

Lodging such Salt in Warehoufes not entered,

Such Salt maybe seized.

Owner of Warehoufe feJling such Salt for other Purposes,

Penalty sccl. Fifh Curers receiving White Salt Duty free, or other Persons herein described, who shall be found with Coloured or Crufhed Salt, or not entering and giving Bond for Warehouse, &c.

Hosted

C. 49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

162

Penalty 5col.

Fifh Outers having previous to April preceding received, &c. Coloured,

Sic. Salt, to account in May 1818 and 1819.

fill* Curers who have entered Premiles for Coloured Salt or Crufhed Rock Salt, and given Bond, to account in manner herein mentioned,

may receive Coloured, Sc. Salt free from farther Account as herein mentioned,

Entry and giving Bond as hereinafter mentioned for the Receipt and Ufe of Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt for curing and preserving Fifh, or not being a Glafs Maker, or Maker of oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, shall have, receive, or take into his, her, or their Cuftody or Poffeffion any Briti/Jo Coloured or Dyed Salt, or any Crufhed Salt called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or any Crufhed Rock Salt (not being delivered and shipped for and in the Courfe of Exportation), all such Salt or Rock Salt respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds : Provided always, that in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and nineteen refpec-tively, all and every Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers who shall have in the Year and before the Month of April preceding received or used both Coloured or Dyed, or Crushed, Fused, or Rock Salt, and also White Salt, shall account for all Dyed or Coloured Salt, and all Crushed, Fused, or Rock Salt received in the preceding Year, under the fame Rules, Reftri&ions, Regulations and Allowances as are provided by Law withrefpedf to White Salt delivered Duty free for the Filheries.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers who shall make Entry of his, her or their Premifes for the Receipt of only Briti/Jo Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt, for curing and preserving Fifh, and who shall give Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excife, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in Treble the Value of the Duty of all such Salt or Rock Salt which he, she or they shall then intend to receive, or have in his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeflion in the Year ensuing the giving of such Bond or Security, that he, she or they will not receive into his, her or their Cuftody or Pofsession, or upon his, her or their entered Premises, or use for the Cure and Preservation of Fifh any White Salt, and that all the Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt, which he, she or they shall receive, shall be really and truly emploved, spent and consumed by him, her or them in curing and preserving Fifh, and that no Part of such Salt or Rock Salt shall be emploved, used or disposed of in any other manner or for any other Purpose, or fold, exchanged, transferred or delivered to any other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, except in manner herein mentioned, or to any other Person or Persons, or removed from his, her or their entered Premises, except such Part thereof as may be necessarily used in curing and preserving Fifh in and on board his, her or their Boats or VefTels employed by him, her or them in the Britt/h Fifheries, and that he, file or they will render such Account of all such Salt and Rock Salt as hereinafter mentioned, to receive, have and take into and upon his, her or their Premifes entered as aforesaid, any Quantity of such Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufiled

Hosted by

oul. lAteL

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 4 9.

7 i~*ct

Ib.>

Salt, called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or

Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt, free from any other Account

than as hereinafter mentioned: Provided always, that when and so Provifo where

foon as any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers shall have received as afore- tre^e Amount

said as much of such Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, t°o Amount

called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid penalty in Bend.

Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt, as that Treble the Amount of the

Duty thereon shall be equal to the Amount of the Penalty for which

such Bond as aforesaid has been by him, her or them given, no fuch

Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers shall have, take or receive any further

Quantity of such Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, called or

known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or

Crufhed Rock Salt, until he, she or they shall have given fresh Bond

in such Penalty and with such Condition as aforesaid, for fuch

further Quantity thereof as he, she or they may then intend to receive

in that Year.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Fifh Curer Such Fifh Curers or Fifh Curers who shall receive into his, her or their Cuftody or to render an Ae-Pofleffion only Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, called or count 111 ^a>r m known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed ^very YeaJi> of Rock Salt free of Duty, for the Purpofe of curing or preserving tity of Coloured Fifh, shall in the Month of May in every Year respectively deliver Salt or Crufhed to the proper Officer of Excife, whose Duty it shall be to receive Rock Salt in the fame, a true and particular Account in Writing, specifying the Hand» .an(1 e™-exatft and true Quantity of such Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed	m cur,ns

Salt, called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt respectively, which he, she or they shall have had or received into his, her or their Cuftody or Pofsession, free of Duty during the Year preceding, and the true Quantities of such Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt refpe£tively, actually employed or consumed by him, her or them in such Year in curing and preserving Fifh; and diftin- What such Ac-guifhing in such Account the Weight and Quantity of each Kind count is to con-oi Fifh cured therewith, the Mode of Cure thereof respectively, and tam*

Quantity repacked for Exportation, and stating that no Part of such Salt or Rock Salt received by him, her or them has been used, spent, consumed, or disposed of by him, her or them, or to his, her or their Knowledge or Belief, in any other Way or for any other Purpofe than as aforesaid, or delivered to any other Person or Per-fons whatsoever, or transferred to any other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, except as hereinafter mentioned, and shall verify such Ac- Account verified count on Oath before the Supervifor of Excife, under whose Survey on Oath, such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers may be (which Oath iuch Supervifor is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), and such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers shall thereupon in the Prefence of the Officer weigh separately all the Coloured or Dyed Salt, Fufed or Solid Salt, and Crufhed Rock Salt respectively in his, her or their • Cuftody or Pofsession, and give fresh Bond or Security for the fame as aforesaid as Part of his, her or their succeeding Yearns Stock ; and if any such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers as aforesaid shall make Falfe Account, out any false Account, or refuse or neglect to make out or verify &c-fuch Account as aforesaid, or weigh such remaining Stock, or give such Bond or Security as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for every

M 2	fuch

Hosted

5 64

C. 49.

57° GEO. in.

A.D. 1817-

Penalty.

Filh wholly cured, or cured and repacked for Exportation remaining on Hand, when the annual Account is rendered, to be transferred with the Allowance of the Salt to the next Year’s Account, provided Accounts be made out and verified as herein mentioned.

Refulm^'j &c. to make out Account,

Penalty iool.

I ifh Curers to be allowed only Iialbs. of Salt for 3a Gallons of Pilchards or White Herrings not cured and repacked for Exportation as hereinafter mentioned.

In taking Yearly Account of Fifh-ery Stocks* all

such Offence forfeit Treble the Value of the Duties on all the Salt or Rock Salt delivered into his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion within the Year la ft preceding the time when such Account as aforesaid shall or ought to have been made out or delivered as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if on weighing the Stock of Salt in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, in the Month of May in every Year, as directed by the said Adt made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by this Adi, and of rendering to the proper Officer of Excite the Account or Accounts thereby required, there shall remain in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers any salted Fifh, either wholly cured, or cured and repacked for Exportation to the Eaji or IVeJl Indies, South America, Madeira, or the Baltic or Mediterranean, or which shall be in the Procefs of Salting or Cure, and of which no Account has been previously taken by such Officer, it shall and may be lawful for the said Officer to ex* amine and take Account of such Fifh. at the time of weighing such Stock of Salt; and that such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers shall also in the Account or Accounts directed by the said Adi and of this Adi, to be delivered to the proper Officer of Excife, include in such Account the Quantity and Species of all Fifh remaining in his Cuftody or PofTeffion at the time of taking such Stock of Salt as aforesaid, and state therein the Mode of Cure, and whether the fame or what Part thereof is or are cured for Home Confumption or for Exportation as aforesaid, or are in the Procefs of Salting or Cure, and of the Quantity of Salt used or consumed thereon respectively, and shall verify the fame in the manner directed by the said Adi and of this Adi, whereupon such Fifh, and the Quantity of Salt used in curing or preserving the fame (not exceeding the legal Allowance in the case of White Salt), shall be dedudled from such Account, and transferred to the Stock of Fifh and Salt to be accounted for by such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers in the Month of May in the following Year ; and if any Fifh Curer shall neglect or refuse to make out, verify, and deliver such Account, he, she or they shall forfeit for each and every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

‘ XLIII. And Whereas the Quantity of Salt allowed by Law

*	for curing Pilchards or White Herrings, by pickling or wet falt-

*	ing, has been found to exceed the Quantity used for such Cure of 6 Pilchards or White Herrings, when not intended for Exportation,

*	as hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and feven-teen, all and every Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to whom any White Salt shall have been or shall be delivered for the Purpofe of curing or preserving Fifh, shall in lieu and instead of the Allowance of Salt granted and directed by the Laws now in force for curing and preserving Pilchards or White Herrings respectively by pickling or wet salting, be allowed a Credit equal to One hundred and twelve Pounds only of Salt for every Thirty two Gallons of such cured Pilchards or White Herrings respectively, not cured and repacked for Exportation, as hereinafter mentioned, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity ; any thing in the said Adf to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted. That in weighing and taking axi Account of and balancing the Stock of Salt or Roclk Salt in the

Cuftody

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 49.

165

Cuftody or Poffeffion of any entered Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers in the Month of May, as directed with refpe£t to Salt by the said A 61 made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by this Adi, all Salt or Rock Salt respectively which shall then be found on the Premises, or in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, and which shall have been once used or applied in curing or preserving Fifh, shall be taken Account of by the Officer weighing and balancing such Stock, and the Amount thereof, as being Three Parts in Four of pure Salt or Rock Salt respectively, shall be carried to the Stock of the next fucceed-ing Year’s Account of Salt or Rock Salt refpedfcively, for which such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers shall be accountable ; and that, if, upon taking such Account, any Salt or Rock Salt respectively, which shall have been more than once used upon or applied in the Cure of Fifh, shall be found on the Premifes or in the Cuftody or PoiTeffion of any such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, he, she or they respectively shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; any thing in the said A6t or in any other A61 to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

* XLV. And Whereas it is represented that Salt is a beneficial 6 Manure for Land,’ Be it therefore further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any Salt Maker or Salt Makers from time to time to throw over, into or amongst their Afhes or other Compoft Heaps any Quantity or Quantities of Brine in its fluid State, or to steep such Afhes or Compoft Heap in fluid Brine, and to use, fell or deliver the Afhes or Compoft Heaps so drenched or steeped in Brine for the Purpofe only of manuring Land ; and that all and every such Salt Maker or Salt Makers shall on the Fifth Day of July in every Year deliver to the Collector of Excife in whose Collection his, her or their Works shall be, the Quantity of such Salt, Afhes, Compoft or Manure as aforesaid used and delivered by him, her or them in the Year preceding: Provided always, that no Salt, Rock Salt, or saline Substances, Articles or Ingredients, save and except liquid Brine only, shall be so mixed or fold, used or delivered as aforesaid ; and that if any Salt Maker or Makers, drenching or steeping such Afhes or Compoft Heaps with or in Brine as aforesaid, shall put into, with or amongst them, or shall under Pretence of this A6t use, fell or deliver, or cause or suffer to be used, fold or delivered, any Salt, Rock Salt, or other saline Substances, Articles or Ingredients, without Payment of Duty, except liquid Brine so employed as aforesaid, as or for Manure ; or if he, she or they, or any other Person or Persons into whose Cuftody or Pofteffion or under whose Directions any such salted Afhes, Compoft or Manure shall come, shall use or employ or cause or suffer to be used or employed the fame or any Part thereof for any other Purpofe than for manuring' Land, he, she and they, and every such Person and Persons so offending, shall severally forfeit for each and every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds*

XLVI. And for enabling Farmers to try the EffeCt of Salt in feeding Cattle, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Owner or Proprietor of any Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine to fell and deliver from his, her or their Pit or Mine, or Ware-houfe or Storehoufe adjoining thereto, such coarse and impure Rock Salt as ffiall be approved of by the proper Officer of Excife ap-

M 3	pointed

Salt which has been only once used in curing Filh shall be carried to the Stock of the next fuc-ceeding Year Salt more than once used found on Premises,

Penalty iooh

Salted Afhes may be delivered, as Manure.

Uling the fame for any other Purpofe than Manure,

Penalty 500I.

Coarfe Rock Salt for feeding Cattle may be delivered from Pit, See. in manner herein mentioned, at a Duty of 5s. per Bufhe!*

Hosted

166

C. 19.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Bond to he given that the Sal*: shall be so used.

Piovifo.

Bonds di (charged on Certificate by Person to whom Rock Salt deli vered, that it has been ui'ed in feeding Cattle. Particulars of Certificate.

Collector to underwrite Certificate.

Other wife, or if Certificate false, Sec. Bond in Force.

Persons may fell such Rock Salt to others with Confent of the Excite, Bond being taken in like maimer.

pointed for inspecting the fame, in Lumps of not less Weight than Twenty Pounds each, to such Person and Persons, and in such Quantity and Quantities, as shall and may be granted by the Com-miffioners of Excife, for the Purpofe of feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep and Cattle, upon such Person or Persons paying Duty for the fame at and after the Rate of Five Shillings per Bufhel, and io in proportion for any greater or less Quantity ; and upon Bond being given to His Majesty by such Person or Persons, with sufficient Sureties to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the Perlon or Persons appointed to take such Bond, in the Penalty of Double the Amount of the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for Home Confumption, that the whole of the Rock Salt so delivered shall be used, spent, consumed and employed by him, her or them in feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, and in no other manner and to and for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatsoever ; provided, that no further Quantity of Rock Salt shall be delivered as aforesaid to any Person or Persons for such Purpofe as aforesaid, until the Bond and Bonds given by such Person or Persons on the Delivery of every prior Quantity shall be fa-lisfied and discharged.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Bond shall be satisfied and discharged on a Certificate signed by the Person to whom such Rock Salt shall have been delivered, and who thereupon gave such Bond, his Executors, Adminiflrators or Afligns, and delivered by him, her or them to the Collector in whose Collection he, she or they shall reside, declaring that the whole of such Rock Salt has been used, spent, employed and consumed in feeding or mixing with the food of Sheep and Cattle, and in no other manner and to and for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatsoever, and specifying in what manner and Proportions the fame has been so used, what Defcrip-tion and Number of Sheep or Cattle has been fed therewith, on what Lands and where iituate, and what Benefits appear to have resulted therefrom : Provided always, that no such Certificate shall discharge any such Bond, unless such Colle&or as aforesaid shall upon Inquiry be satisfied of the Truth thereof and of the several Matters therein Hated, and underwrite the fame upon the fame Certificate ; and that if any such Certificate as aforesaid shall not be signed and delivered as aforesaid to such Collector before the End of One Month after the Expiration of Twelve Months from the Bond being given and Rock Salt delivered as aforesaid, or shall in any re-fpeCt be false, or any of the Rock Salt delivered as aforesaid shall be used, spent, employed or consumed in any other manner, to or for any other Ufe or Purpofe than feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, the Penalty of the Bond given on the delivery of any such Rock Salt shall be forfeited and paid to His said Majesty.

XLVII I. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons felling or transferring any Quantity of the Lumps or Pieces of coarse and impure Rock Salt which he, she or they shall or may receive for the Purpofe of feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle under any such Bond as aforesaid; provided the Confent and Approbation of the Commissioners of Excife to and of such Transfer and Delivery be first had and obtained* and such Bond and Security be first given by the Person or

Perfons

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 4

16T

3% G. 3. c. 89. § i°3-

Calks or Barrels of Fifh to be branded,and then to be kept separate.

Persons intending to receive the fame as is hereinbefore mentioned ; which Bond shall be taken and accepted by the Collector aforesaid in Difcharge or Part Difcharge of the Bond given on the First Delivery of such Rock Salt from the Mine or Pit, in the Proportion and according to the Quantity in such subsequent Bond mentioned, and shall be discharged by such Certificate as aforesaid, or the Penalty thereof enforced in like manner as if the fame had been given on the first Delivery of such Rock Salt as aforesaid..

* XLIX. And Whereas, by the said A£t made in the Thirty 4 eighth Year aforesaid, the Officer to whom any Fifh packed in 6 Barrels or Cafks shall be produced as directed by that A£t is au-‘ thorized and required to burn or brand each of such Barrels or * Caiks in some conspicuous Part thereof with the Letters B. F*

Be it further enacted, That such Officer shall burn or brand each of such Barrels or Cafks with the said Letters across the upright Staves of such Barrel or Cask, and shall on all Cafks or Barrels of Fifh which are not at the time declared by the Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to be repacked for Exportation to the East or Weji Indies,

South America, Madeira or the Baltic or Mediterranean, add the Letter H. ; and on all Cafk or Barrels of White Herrings or Pilchards declared by the Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to be repacked for Exportation as aforesaid to the East or JVeJl Indies, South America, Madeira or the Mediterranean, the Letter W. ; and all such Caiks or Barrels of White Herrings or Pilchards so declared to be repacked for Exportation as aforesaid to the Baltic, the Letter B.; and that after such Barrels or Cafks respectively shall be so burnt or branded as aforesaid, the Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers producing the fame shall forthwith remove all and every such Barrels or Casks, or Barrel or Cask, and at all times keep the fame wholly separate and apart from all other Fifh not so branded, and the Cafks under each particular Mark separate and apart from all Cafks branded with a different Mark ; and if any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers shall not, immediately at or after the time of branding such Cafks or Barrels respectively as aforesaid, remove and keep the fame separate and apart as aforesaid, or if any Cafks or Barrels marked or branded with the Letter W. shall be found in the Cuffody or Pof-feffion of any Person or Persons open for Home Confumption, the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Person or Persons offending therein shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

L. And be it further enabled, That all and every Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to Fifh Curers shall respectively daily and every Day enter or cause to keep a daily Ac be entered in a Book or Paper to be provided for that Purpofe an exact and particular Account of each and every Cask, Barrel, Pack-age or Quantity of cured or preserved Fifh fold, delivered or sent out by any such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers respectively, and shall distinguish therein the Kind or Species of Fifh and Mode of Cure, the Year, and whether the fame is or are fold, delivered or sent out for Home Trade or Confumption, or repacked for Exportation as hereinafter mentioned, or for Removal to any other Port or Place for such Exportation, specifying the fame ; and such Book or Paper shall be at all times kept on the entered Premifes of such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers open to the Infpe&ion of all and every Officer and Qffi-

M 4<	cers

Not being so kept, or Calks found open for Home Confumption, forfeited, and

Penalty 501.

count of Fifh cured and delivered, to be verified upon Oath at the End of

Hosted

168

Neglecting to keep Book, Zee. or altering, Sec. Entrie?,

Penalty icol.

Fifh Curers repacking cured White Herrings for Exportation, to be allowed in account the Quantity of Salt, and under the Regulations herein mentioned.

C. 49.	57°	GEO. III.	A.D.1817.

cers of Excife who shall visit or survey the fame ; arid shall at the time of weighing, taking the Account of and balancing the Stock of Salt or Rock Salt in the Cultody or Poffeffion of such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers in the Month of May as directed by the said Aft, be delivered by such Filh Curer or Fifh Curers to the Officer or Offi- -cers taking Account of and balancing such Stock, and the Truth of the Entries made therein shall be then and there verified upon the Oath of such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, which Oath the respective Supervifors of Excife are hereby authorized and required to admi-nifter; and in case any such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers shall neglect or refuse to keep such Book or Paper, or to make or cause to be made due Entries therein, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, or shall canoel, alter, obliterate or destroy any of such Entries made therein, or tear thereout or destroy any of the Leaves or Part of such Book or Paper, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver the fame as is herein before dirested, or to verify the said Entries therein, or any of them upon Oath, such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That for the further Encouragement of the Exportation of Fifh cured and preserved in the British Fifheries to the East or Wejl Indies, South America, Madeira, the Baltic or the Mediterranean, it shall and may be lawful for any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers with White Salt to have and receive upon their entered Premises, for the Purpofe of being repacked fer such Exportation, and to open any Number of Barrels or Cafks of Pilchards or White Herrings pickled or wet salted with White Salt, branded with the Letter H., as not having been originally cured or packed for such Exportation, and to unpack and repack the lame with Frefh White Salt only for such Exportation ; and that upon such Barrel or Calk, Barrels or Casks, being so repacked as aforesaid, and produced to the Officer under whose Survey such Premifes may then be, he shall brand the fame upon the upright Staves of each such Barrel or Cafks with the Letter W., or if repacked to be exported to the Baltic with the Letter B.; and all and every such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers shall, upon Oath made by him, her or them of the Number of Barrels or Cafks of White Herrings or Pilchards repacked by him, her or them for Exportation to the East or IVeJl In-dies, South America, the Mediterranean or Madeira, and so branded by the Officers, and actually exported, or to the bell of his Knowledge to be exported as aforesaid, or for Exportation to the Baltic, and so branded by the Officers, and actually exported, or to the best of his Knowledge to be exported as aforesaid (which Oath the respective Supervifor or Officer is hereby authorized to administer), be allowed in his Account of Fifhery Salt, to be balanced and taken in the Month of May, as directed by the said Aft of the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, Seventy Pounds of White Salt for every Barrel or Calk of Thirty two Gallons so branded and sworn to be repaeked, and exported as aforesaid to the East or Wejl Indies, South America, the Mediterranean or Madeira, and Forty eight Pounds of White Salt for every such Barrel or Cade so branded and sworn to be repacked and exported as aforesaid to the Baltic, and specified in such Account.

6 LII. And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Allowance of

( Salt

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

€.49.

169

*	Salt delivered Duty free for curing and preserving Fifh to dry 4 salted Cod, Ling or Hake, Haddock and Whiting, and Guard

*	Fifh, sometimes called Gore Bill ;y Be it therefore enacted, That Allowance of all and every Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers to whom any White Salt Duty free S;ilt shall, under the Rules, Regulations, Reflridlions and Provifions of the (or c®rd,ain dr:/ laid Adis of the Thirty eighth and Fifty fifth Years of His preferrt la te 11 u Majefly’s Reign, be delivered Duty free for the Purpofe of curing

and preserving Fifh, shall be allowed a Credit not exceeding Seventy Pounds of such Salt for every One hundred Weight of dried salted Cod, Ling or Hake, not exceeding Forty Pounds Weight of Salt for every One hundred Weight of dried salted Haddock or Whiting, and a Credit not exceeding Eighty four Pounds for every Barrel of Thirty two Gallons of Guard Fifh or Gore Bill wet salted and perfedlLy cured, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, such Credit to be allowed under the fame Rules,

Regulations, Reflridlions and Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, which by the said Adi, or by any other Adi or Adis of Parliament in force at the time of palling this Adi, are contained, provided, fettled or established for or in respect of allowing Salt Duty free for the Purpofe of curing and preserving Fifh therein mentioned, or for or in respect of allowing Fifh Curers Credit for Salt delivered to them for that Purpofe.

4 LIII. And Whereas the Quantity of Salt for curing Salmon,

4 allowed by the said Adi made in the Thirty eighth Year of His 4 present Majefly’s Reign, is insufficient to answer the Purpofe in-4 tended, and it is expedient to grant a further Allowance of Salt 4 used in curing and preserving Salmon Be it therefore enacted,

That all and every Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to whom any White Allowances of Salt shall have been or shall be delivered for the Purpofe of curing Salt to Fifh and preserving Fifh, shall, in lieu and inilead of all former Allow- Curers of Sai-ance of Salt for curing and preserving Salmon, be allowed a Credit mon ?s equal to Fifty Pounds Weight of Salt for every One hundred Weight	former

of dried salted Salmon, and for every Barrel containing Forty two Allowances. Gallons of wet salted Salmon shall be allowed a Credit equal to One hundred and thirty Pounds Weight of Salt, and for every Barrel of Forty two Gallons of wet salted Salmon which shall be by such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers repacked or packed from any Calk, Vat or other Veflel in which the fame shall have been firit cured for Exportation, a further Credit equal to Thirty eight Pounds Weight of Salt for such packed or repacked wet salted Salmon, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity; provided such Cafks so packed or repacked be taken account of and branded by the proper Officer of Excife with the Letters R. S. ; any thing in the said Adi to the contrary in anywise notwithllanding.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Powers toOffh to and for any Officer or Officers of Excife from time to time and at ^®rs ^^j®J° all times, upon his or their Request, to enter into all and every Account ofsflt the Celiars, Warehouses, Storehouses, Curing Houfes and other and Fifh in the Places entered or made use of by any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers for Premifes p£ Fifh laying or keeping any Salt or Rock Salt for the Purpofe of curing, Curers. bulking, packing or flowing Fifh, and by weighing, guaging, tale or otherwise, as to such Officer ffiall seem meet, to take an Account of the Quantity and Defcription of all Sait and Rock Salt, and of all Fifh, in the Cuflody or Poffeffion of such Fifh Curer or Fifh

Curers

Hosted

C. 49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I817,

ObftruSing Officer, or refuting &c. to a flirt them

Penalty ioci. Fifh Corel's to provide good and sufficient Scales and Weights.

Negledling, &c. or not permitting Officer to use the fame, or tiling false Scales and Weights, &c.

Penalty.

Fifh Curers altering Marks on Calks, or unfairly paeking, £:c. or using any Art to obtain any greater Credit for Salt used in curing Fifia than is allowed,

Curers as aforesaid ; and if any such Fifli Carer or Fiffi Curers or other Porion or Persons, ffiall in anywise hinder or obftrinft any such Officer or Officers in entering into or surveying any such Premifes as aforesaid, or in taking such Account as aforesaid, or ffiall conceal from the Sight and Infpeclion of such Officer any Salt, Rock Salt or Fifli, or pra£tife, or fuller, or cause to be practised, any Art or Contrivance by which any such Officer shall be prevented from or hindered in taking a true Account thereof; or if any such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers ffiall upon Demand neglect or refuse to give, by himself, his Servants and Workmen, all needful and necessary Affift-ance to such Officer, in taking such Account as aforesaid, every such Fifh Curer or Fiffi Curers ffiall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LV. And be it further enafred, That all and every Fiffi Curer and Fiffi Curers is and are hereby required to provide, when demanded by the Officer of Excife surveying such Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers, proper, sufficient and just Scales and Weights at each and every Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar respectively to him, her or them belonging, for the Purpofe of from time to time weighing and taking an Account of the Salt and Rock Salt respectively which ffiall at any time be in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any such Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers, and ffiall permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to use the fame, and ffiall give him every needful Affiftance in weighing any such Salt or Rock Salt ; and if any such Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers ffiall upon Demand as aforesaid negletl or refuse to provide any such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or ffiall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to use the fame, or ffiall refuse to assist him in weighing any such Salt or Rock Salt ; or if any such Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers ffiall in the weighing of any such Salt or Rock Salt make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to be made use of, any false, unjust, or insufficient Scales, or Weight or Weights, or ffiall use or practise any Art, Device or Contrivance by which any such Officer or Officers ffiall or may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight, and ascertaining the true Quantity of any such Salt or Rock Salt, such Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers ffiall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all such false, unjust or insufficient Scales and Weight or Weights re-fpe&ively, and the fame shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers ffiall, after any Officer or Officers of Excife has or have either marked any Fiffi, or branded any Calk or Veffel in which any Fiffi ffiall be packed to denote that such Fiffi has been taken account of by such Officer as cured Fiffi, wilfully or knowingly obliterate, alter, erase, cancel or destroy, or suffer or cause to be obliterated, altered, erased, cancelled or destroyed, any such Mark or Brand ; or if any such Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers ffiall unfairly pack or suffer or cause to be unfairly packed any such Calk or Veffel of Fiffi produced to any Officer to be branded as aforesaid, or ffiall afterwards open any such Calk or Veffel, and remove any of the Fiffi contained therein into any other Calk or Veffel, and produce the fame again to any Officer to be branded and taken account of as Fiffi which have not been before branded and taken account of; or ffiall use any Art or 15	Contrivance

Hosted

A.D. 1817-	57°	GEO. III.	C.49.

Contrivance in order to obtain any undue Credit for Salt, or {ball in any manner or way produce fucli Fifh to the Officer for any further or greater Credit of Salt than what is legally allowed thereon ; such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall be for ever after deprived the Benefit of receiving, either by himself, herself or them-selyes, or other wife, any Salt free of Duty for curing or prefer ving Fifh.

4 LVII. And Whereas by the said A61 made in the Thirty eighth 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty all and every Maker or 4 Makers of Glafs in Great Britain who shall take any Rock Salt 4 from any Warehoufe belonging to any Salt Mine or Pit, or any 4 Brine or Sea Water, for the Purpofe of making Mineral Alkali 4 or Flux for Glass, upon Bond or Security given in Double the 4 Duty of such Rock Salt, Brine or Sea Water, that all such Rock 4 Salt, Brine and Sea Water shall be really and truly emploved, spent 4 and consumed in the making of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass,

4 shall, for the Difcharge of such Bond or Security, make Oath be-4 fore the Collector of Excife of the Collection in which the Alkali 4 Works shall be situated, that all the said Rock Salt, Brine or Sea * Water for which such Bond or Security shall have been given, 4 has been made use of in making such Mineral Alkali or Flux for 4 Glass, and for no other Purpofe whatsoever; and the Supervisor 4 or Officer of Excife under whose Survey such Maker of Mineral 4 Alkali shall then be, shall at the same time certify his Belief of the 4 Truth of the Matters Sworn to by such Maker or Makers of 4 Glass, or his, her or their Agent : And Whereas it is expedient 4 that such Oath shall be made, and such Certificate aforesaid granted 4 within a limited time after such Bond shall have been given as 4 aforesaid Be it therefore enabled, That all and every such Maker and Makers of Glafs in Great Britain, or his, her or their principal Servant engaged in his, her or their entered Alkali Works, shall, within the Period of Twelve Months from and after the Date of each such respective Bond, make such Oath as aforesaid ; and the proper Supervisor or Officer of Excife shall thereupon make out and deliver to such Maker or Makers of Glafs such Certificate as aforesaid ; and if any such Maker or Makers of Glafs shall neglect or refuse to make such Oath within the Period aforesaid, he, she or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LVIII. And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any Bleacher of Cotton Wool or Cotton or Worded Twill to use and employ in the bleaching thereof any Oxymuriate of Dime or bleaching Liquor made and prepared in the manner and according to the Directions, and by the Persons entitled to make the fame, in and by a certain A Cl made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for, amongst other things, allowing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to take Salt Duty free for making such Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime for bleaching Linen and Cotton.

LIX. And be it further enabled, That if any Salt or Rock Salt shall be found in any Ship, Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veftel, or in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, or loaded on any Horse or other Cattle, or lodged or concealed in any House, Outhoufe or other Place whatsoever, which Salt or Rock Salt fliall

have

Penalty.

38 G. 3. c. 89. § 116.

Glafs Makers to make Oath of Ufe of Rock Salt within 12 Months from its Receipt.

Penalty iccl.

Bleachers of Cotton Wool may life Oxy-muriate ofLime, or Bleaching Liquor prepared as under 55 G.3. c. 66.

S;Jt undipped relanded or fraudulently or dandeftinely removed or received, See. forfeited, together

Hosted

17 2

C.49.

57" GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

with Packages, fee.

and Penalty.

Salt Makers not giving Bond for securing the Payment of the Duty, to pay l'uch Duty before taking it out of the Warehoule.

have been brought or procured from any Salt Mine or Salt Work or other Place, or imported or landed without Payment of Duty, or shall have been fraudulently or clandestinely unshipped or relanded after the fame has been shipped for Exportation, or fraudulently or clandestinely taken from or out of any Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Veffel, or any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the fame fball have been loaded for Removal from one Part of the United Kingdom to any other Part thereof, or concealed on board of any such Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Veffel, or in any such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or which having been delivered Duty free for the Purpofe of curing and preserving Fifh, or for making* Flux for Oafs or Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, shall have been fraudulently or clandestinely brought or removed from the Stock of any Fifh C-urer, Oafs Maker, or Person or Persons receiving such Salt or Rock Salt for the Ufe of the Fifheries, or for making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime refpeeft-ively, or shall have been fraudulently or clandestinely taken or delivered out of any Warehouse, Storehoufe or other Place where the fame may or shall have been lodged and deposited, such Salt or Rock Salt together with the Package containing the fame, and the Ship, Flat, Barge, Boat and other Veffels, and also the Waggon, Cart and other Carriages and Horfes and other Cattle in or upon which the fame shall be found, and the Cattle made use of in the drawing of such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, or which shall be used or employed in removing such Salt or Rock Salt as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Person or Persons in whose Cuftody or PofTeffion any Salt or Rock Salt so brought, unshipped, landed, taken, removed or concealed as aforesaid, shall be found, or who shall be or shall have been concerned or employed in bringing, procuring, unshipping, landing, relanding, concealing, removing, carrying, delivering, buying or receiving any such Salt or Rock Salt, shall severally forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Pound Weight of such Salt or Rock Salt so found as aforesaid.

* LX. And Whereas all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, c Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of c any Salt Mine, Salt Pit or Salt Work, is and are by Law re-‘ quired, Weekly and at the End of every Week, to pay and clear ‘ off all the Duties for or in respect of Salt and Rock Salt which ‘ shall have been charged to such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Re-‘ finers, or Proprietor or Proprietors, in the then current Week,

4 unless such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor ‘ or Proprietors, shall have given Bond or Security for Payment of

*	fuch Duties: And Whereas many Persons refuftng or neglecting « to give such Bond have taken Salt out of the Warehouses, andre-‘ moved and disposed of the fame without afterwards paying the du-

*	ties on such Salt, to the great injury of His Majefty’s Revenue ;* Be it therefore enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, who shall not give such Bond for securing the Payment of the Duties as is required by Law for that Purpose, shall pay to the Colle&or of Excife where such Salt Mine, Salt Pit or Salt Work shall be situate, all the Duties charged or chargeable for or in relpeCl of any Salt or Rock Salt

which

Hosted by aogle

57° GEO. III.

C* 49.

173

which he, she or they shall be about to remove, before such Salt or Rock Salt shall be delivered out of the Warehoufe in which the fame shall be deposited ; and that in default of such Payment no such Salt or Rock Salt shall be delivered for Home Trade or Confumption out of such Warehoufe to or by any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors not giving such Bond as aforesaid.

6 LXI. And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the several Draw-‘ backs of Cuftoms and Excife payable on the Exportation of Duty-* paid Salt from Great Britain Be it therefore enadsted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the several Drawbacks of Cuftoms and Excife payable on the Exportation of Duty-paid Salt from Great Britain shall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners of, or Dealer or Dealers in Salt, having the Licenfe and Permiflion of the Com-mifiioners of Excife, or the major Part of them for the time being, for that Purpose, to provide or ere£t One or more Export Warehoufe or Warehoufes at or within the Port of London or Hull, Greenock, Leith and Plymouth, for the Purpofe of laying, storing or keeping therein Salt delivered Duty free, and intended for Exportation ; provided that every such Warehoufe shall be well, substantially and fe-curely built and constructed, to the Satisfaction of the said Commif-fioners, or such Officer or Officers as they may appoint to infpedf the fame; and that no such Warehoufe shall have more than One Door or Entrance to the fame; and that there be no Communication between any such Warehoufe and any other Place whatsoever, except such external Door or Entrance as aforesaid, and shall have no Chimney or any Window or Opening within Ten Feet of the Ground, or of any Wall, Erection or Building on the Outfide thereof: Provided also, that no Person or Persons shall be the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Export Warehoufe or Warehouses, or shall be in any respect employed or concerned therein, or have any Intereft in the Salt therein deposited, who shall be a Dealer in Salt for Home Trade or Confumption, at or from any Warehouse, Celiar, Shop or other Place, within a Quarter of a Mile of such entered Warehoufe for Duty free Salt, or have any Intereft or Concern in such Trade ; and that such Warehoufe or Warehouses, and the Salt deposited therein, and the Person or Persons making Entry thereof, shall be fubjecft to all the Rules, Regulations and Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures prescribed, directed, contained or imposed by the said A<51 of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to Export Warehoufes at or within the Ports of Liverpool or Brljlol respectively, except so far as the fame or any of them are altered by this A<51, as fully and effectually as if the fame were repeated or inserted in the Body of this present A<51; and that if any Person or Persons having or being employed or concerned in such Warehoufe as last aforesaid, or any of the Salt deposited therein, shall at the same time be a Dealer in Salt for Home Trade or Confumption, or interested in or dire<5tly or indiretly concerned in such Trade carried on as aforesaid, he, {he or they shall for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds.

LXIII. And

Drawbacks of Cuftoms and Excife on Duty paid Salt exported, repealed.

Warehoufes for storing Salt Duty free for Exportation may be eftablilhed at London, &c. under the fame Regulations with such Warehoufes at Liverpool and Bristol, under 38 G.3. 9.89.

§ 3*-

Exception.

Owners of such Warehoufes being Dealers for Home Con-fumption,

Penalty 500b

Hosted

C.49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Foreign Salt maybe taken from any Import Warehouse at Plymouth Duty free to export to Newfoundland lor curing Cod} ike. subject to Regulations of 39 G. 3. c. 65.

§ 9*

38 G. 3. c. 89.

§115.

51 G.3. c.8a. §5-

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any Person or Persons, within Twelve Months after the Importation and Landing of Foreign Salt, to take free of Duty, for the Purpofe of immediately exporting the fame in any Ship or Veflel not of less Burthen than Forty Tons to Newfoundland, for curing Cod Fifh, Ling or Hake to be there caught, any Quantity not being less than Fifty Bufhels at a time of Foreign Salt, from and out of any Import Warehouse, Storehoufe or Cellar at Plymouth y in which the fame has been put according to the Regulation of the said Adi made in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, the Person or Persons so taking out such Salt first giving the like Security, and being subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Reftridtions and Provi-fions, Forfeitures and Penalties, prescribed, directed, contained, or imposed by an Adt made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to the Exportation of Foreign Salt to Newfoundland, and taken free of Duty from and out of any Import Warehoufe for that Purpose, as are required at or within the Ports of Pooley Dartmouth, Falmouth and Glasgow respectively, by the said Act.

6 LXIV. And Whereas by the said Adt made in the Thirty 6 eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid, it is enacted, that in case any 4 Salt or Rock Salt for which the Duties by the said Adi imposed 4 shall have been paid, or which shall have been delivered upon Bond, c free of tbofe Duties, shall be loft or destroyed through Strefs of 4 Weather or Storms at Sea, or by the accidental or unavoidable 4 calling away, sinking or ftranding of any Flat, Boat, Barge or 4 Veflel in or on board of which any such Salt or Rock Salt shall 4 be removing or transporting from one Place to another, it shall and 6 may be lawful for the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of such Salt 4 or Rock Salt to make Application in Writing for Relief to His 4 Majefty’s Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Divifion or c Shire nearest to which any such Accident shall happen, at the 6 Quarter Seflions of the Peace, or to the Commissioners of Excife at 4 the Chief Office of Excife in London, or any Three of the said 4 Commissioners, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for 4 such Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Seflions, or Commiflion-4 ers of Excife, or any Three of such Commissioners respectively, 4 to receive and admit such Application, and to examine all Parties 4 touching the Matter contained therein, and upon due Proof of the 4 Fadf in the manner prescribed by the said Adt, to grant such Re-4 lief as in the said Adt is mentioned, and under the several Provi-4 foes, Conditions and Reftridtions therein contained: And Whereas 4 by an Adt made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, among other things, for granting Relief for Salt loft at 4 Sea by Shipwreck or Capture, it is enacted, that, in every case 4 where any such Salt or R_ock Salt as aforesaid shall, by the acci-4 dental or unavoidable calling away and sinking of the Ship or 4 Veflel in or on board which such Salt or Rock Salt shall be re-4 moving or transporting from one Place to another, be loft, or 4 where any such Salt or Rock Salt, as in that Behalf mentioned 4 in an Adt made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign aforesaid, 4 shall be loft by Capture of Enemies, and any such Lofs shall 4 not have come to the Knowledge of the Proprietor or Shipper 4 thereof in sufficient time to enable such Proprietor or Shipper to

4 give

O

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 49*

175

4 give the Notice required by the said Aft, it shall and may be law-4 ful to and for such Proprietor or Shipper, within One Month 4 after such Accident shall have become known to him, her or them,

4 to give to the Commissioners of Excife at the Chief Office of Ex-4 cife in London, or to the Collector of Excife of the Colleftion 4 nearetl: to which the Accident shall have happened, such Notice as 4 by the said lad recited A61 is prescribed ; and upon any such No-4 tice as is by the said A61 of the Fifty fird Year aforesaid pre-4 scribed having been given as aforesaid, for His Majefty’s Judices 4 of the Peace of the County, Riding, Divifion or Shire, at the 4 Quarter Sedions of the Peace neared to which the Owner, Propri-4 etor or Shipper of the Salt or Rock Salt shall reside, or for the 4 Commissioners of Excife at the Chief Office of Excife in London,

4 or any Three of the said Commissioners, to proceed thereon, and 4 grant the like Relief as in and by the said respective Afts is au-4 thorized, directed or required, upon and under the Terms, Condi-4 tions and Redriftions mentioned in the said Aft: And Whereas it 4 is expedient that the said recited Provifions in the said Two Afts 4 of the Thirty eighth and Fifty fird Years of the Reign aforesaid,

4 ffiould be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and feven-teen, the said recited Provifions in the said Two Afts of the Thirty eighth and Fifty fird Years of the Reign aforesaid shall be and the fame are hereby respectively repealed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, in case any Salt or Rock Salt removing from one Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain to any other Part thereof, or shipped for Exportation to Ireland, ffiall be lod or dedroyed by a Leak or Leaks accidentally or unavoidably sprung by such Flat, Barge, Boat or other Vedel, during such Carriage or Conveyance of such Salt or Rock Salt, and satisfactorily (hewn to the Officer of Excife at the Port or Place of Difcharge, before or at the time of the Delivery of such Salt or Rock Salt respectively, or by the unavoidable sinking, dranding, cading away, Wreck or sinking, or by the Capture of any Flat, Boat, Barge or Vedel in or on board of which any such Salt or Rock Salt shall be removing or transporting as aforesaid, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of such Salt or Rock Salt or Captain, Confignee or Agent, to make Application in Writing to Two or more of His Majedy’s Judices of the Peace of the County in Great Britain neared to which any such Lofs ffiall be fudained or be fird discovered, or to the Port of Difcharge, or to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port in Ireland to which such Vedel shall be dedined, or into which such Vedel ffiall be driven, or to the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland, or at the Chief Office of Excife in London, according to the Place where such Lofs may happen, or any Three of the said Commiffion-ers respectively ; and thereupon it ffiall and may be lawful to and for such Judices of the Peace, Colleftor and Comptroller or Commissioners of Excife, or any Three of such Commissioners refpeft-ively, and they are hereby required to receive and admit such Application, and to idue and grant their Summons to all and every Wituefs and Witnedes thereupon named by the Party or Parties making such Application, to come before them, upon a time and at

a Place

repealed.

When Salt or Rock Salt removing Coaft-wife or exporting to Ireland is lod by casting away, wreck or sinking of the Vedel, or Capture, Application to be made to Two Judices, or (if in Ireland) to the Collect or or Comptroller, or to the Excife in London or Scotland, who are to examine Wic-nefles.

Hosted

17 G

C. 49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Proceedings on such Examination, and what the Proof is to be.

Justices to grant, and Collector, &c. at the Expence > of the Party, to tranf-mit to Excife in England or Scotland, a Copy of Application and Examination, and Certificate of Proceedings,

a Place to be mentioned in such Summons respectively, to be examined upon their and each of their Corporal Oaths touching and concerning the Premises, and at such time and Place to examine upon Oath (which Oath such Justices, Colle&or and Comptroller and Commissioners are hereby respectively authorized to administer) not only all and every such Witnefs and Witnestes, but all Witnefles then and there produced against such Application, in the Prefence of the proper Collector or Supervifor of Excife, if he or they shall attend at such time and Place, touching the Matter stated and contained in such Application, and to take such Examination and every Part thereof in Writing, to be afterwards read over to and signed by each such Witnefs respectively ; and upon Proof of all and every the Fatts stated and contained in such Application by such Witnefles as afore-said, one of whom shall be the Mafter or Mate of such Flat, Boat, Barge or Veflel, if such Mafter or Mate be living at the time, and upon Proof as aforesaid that such Flat, Boat, Barge or Veflel was, at the time of the Shipment and Receipt of such Salt or Rock Salt, tight, found, and in all respects Sea worthy, and fit for the Reception and safe Conveyance of such Salt or Rock Salt, and without Leakage or other Injury, and was not loaded with Salt or other Goods so as to fink in the Water below her Load Water line or Mark, and that all such Salt or Rock Salt had been duly weighed, and had been shipped and received on board thereof, and securely kept during the said Voyage, continually from the time when such Salt or Rock Salt was weighed, and was shipped and received on board thereof, until the Salt or Rock Salt was weighed or delivered out of such Veflel at the Port of Delivery, and in the Prefence of the proper Officer of Excife, or the Veflel was stranded, cast away, wreeked, funk or captured, or the Salt or Rock Salt was loft or destroyed by such Leak or Leaks as aforesaid, and that no Part of such Salt or Rock Salt had been taken out, removed, loft, con-fumed or destroyed by any Negligence or Want of due and proper Care thereof, or from the Mifdirecftion or Mifmanagement of such Veflel, or of any Person or Persons whatsoever, to the Knowledge or Belief of such Mafter or Mate respectively, and that such Lofs or Deficiency was or were wholly and solely owing to and occasioned by the Caufe stated in such Application, being either by a Leak or Leaks accidentally or unavoidably sprung by such Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veflel, during such Carriage or Conveyance of such Salt or Rock Salt, and fatisfa6lorily shewn to the Officer of Excife at the Port or Place of Difcharge, before or at the time of the Delivery of such Salt or Rock Salt respectively, or by the unavoidable ftranding, calling away, Wreck, sinking or Capture of such Veflel, such Justices are hereby authorized and required to grant to the.Col-le&or or Supervifor of Excife, and such Collector and Comptroller as aforesaid shall, at the Expenfe of the Party or Parties making fucli Application, thereupon transmit to the Commissioners of Excife in England or Scotland, as the case may be, a Copy of such Application, and of the Examinations in Writing taken thereon, with their Certificate, to be signed by such Justices or Collector and Comptroller respectively, specifying that each such Witnefs has been examined them upon Oath, that his or her Examination was afterwards read over to and signed by each such Witnefs in the presence of such Justices or Colleftor and Comptroller respectively,

and

Hosted by

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

C.49.

177

and that the several Fatfts stated in such Application were or were not, as the case may be, proved to their Satisfaction; and such Collector or Supervifor shall, upon Receipt of such Copy and Certificate from such Justices as aforesaid, transmit the fame to the Commissioners of Excife, who are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any such Certificate as aforesaid, if they be satisfied therewith, in case the Salt or Rock Salt so loft or destroyed shall have been proved to be Salt or Rock Salt for which the Duties by law imposed shall have been paid or secured to be paid, to allow to the Maker or Proprietor of such Salt or Rock Salt, out of the Duties on Salt which shall next become due and payable from such Maker or Proprietor, the full Amount of the Duties proved to have been paid for such Salt or Rock Salt which shall be so proved to have been so loft or destroyed as aforesaid ; and if the Salt or Rock Salt which shall be proved to have been so loft or destroyed as aforesaid, shall be Salt or Rock Salt which shall have been delivered upon Bond free of Duty, or Rock Salt which shall have been delivered for Exportation upon the low Duty to which such Rock Salt for Exportation is liable, then and in every such case the said Commissioners shall, as to such Salt or Rock Salt so loft or destroyed, order and require such Collector of Excife as aforesaid to cancel or vacate the Bond which shall have been given for the delivery of the Salt or Rock Salt which shall be proved to have been so loft or destroyed ; and that if such Application be made to the Commissioners of Excife as aforesaid, and such Proof be made as aforesaid to their Satisfaction, such Commissioners shall grant the fame Relief refpeCtively as is hereinbefore direCted to be granted by them on such Certificate as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Application as aforesaid shall be fuf-tained or proceeded upon unless the Proprietor or Shipper of any Salt or Rock Salt which shall be loft or destroyed as aforesaid, or some Person on his, her or their Behalf, shall give Notice in Writing to the ColleCtor or Comptroller of the Port in Ireland to which such Veflel may be destined, or into which she may be driven, or to the ColleCtor or Supervifor of Excife in Great Britain nearest to the Place where such Eofs may happen or be first discovered, or to the Solicitor of Excife for summary and criminal Profecutions, within Ten Days after such Lofs shall have happened or been first discovered as aforesaid ; or if such Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veflel be then at Sea, within Ten Days after her Arrival at her destined Port; nor unless it shall be specified in such Application when and where such Lofs shall have happened and been discovered, and by which particular Caufe before mentioned it shall have been occasioned ; nor unless the Names and Places of Abode of the Maker or Refiner, and of the Proprietor or Shipper of the Salt or Rock Salt, the time when and the Place where the fame was shipped, and the Place to which the fame was consigned or intended to be removed, and also the Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt actually shipped, shall be specified in such Application, and also whether it was Salt or Rock Salt for which the Duties had been paid, or which had been delivered on Bond, and the Names of the Flat, Barge, Boat or Veflel in which the fame was shipped, and of the Mafter or Commander thereof: Provided also, that no such Application to such Justices or Commissioners shall be sustained or proceeded upon unless a Copy of such Application shall be delivered to such Collector or Supervifor as 57 GeOc III.	N	aforesaid,

Commissioners of Excife on Receipt thereof may make such Allowance to Proprietor of Salt so loft, <?cc. as herein mentioned,

and order Collect or to caned the Bond.

Notice to he civen to Officer of Application for Relief.

What such Application is to ipecify.

Copy of Application to be tie-liveied to Officer with Lift of Witnestes, &c.

Hosted

178

C. 49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Appeal to Quarter Seffions by either Party.

Notice to Officer of Appeal.

Dedlion of Quarter Seffions final.

What fa£ls and Witneffes Quarter Seffions may inquire into and examine.

Colls.

aforesaid, or to the Solicitor of Excife for summary and criminal Profecutions, Three Days at lead before the time appointed by fuck Justices or Commissioners for the Examination of the Witneffes, together with the Lift of the Names, Refidence and Defcription of the several Witneffes who shall be intended to be thereupon examined ; and that, upon any such Examination as aforesaid, such Witneffes only shall be examined in Support of such Application whose Names are contained in such Lift, and that such Examination shall be confined to the Facts specified in such Application.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners of Excife shall be dissatisfied with any such Examination or Certificate as aforesaid, they are hereby authorized and required within Fourteen Days to signify the fame to the Party or Parties making such Application as aforesaid, and give to such Party or Parties a Notice of Appeal to the Justices of the said County, or of the County from which such Salt or Rock Salt shall have been shipped, at the Quarter Seffions of the Peace which shall be holden in and for the said County next after such Certificate shall have been received by them as aforesaid ; and that if such Juft ice or Justices, or Colle&or and Comptroller, to whom any such Application shall be made as aforesaid, shall certify that all or any of the Fadts required by this A61 to be thereupon proved upon Oath shall not have been proved, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Shipper of such Salt or Rock Salt, within Fourteen Days after such Deciiion, to give Notice to the Collector or Supervifor of Excife who'fhall have attended such Examination, or in case of any such Decifion by such Colledtor and Comptroller as aforesaid, to the Colle&or nearest to the Refidence of such Proprietor or Shipper in Great Britain, of his or her Intention to appeal to the Justices aforesaid at the next Quarter Seffions to be holden in and for the said County ; and such Justices at their Quarter Seffions shall, upon either of such Appeals as aforesaid, be thereupon empowered to issue their Summons for the Attendance of any Witnefs or Witneffes thereon, and to hear and examine the Matters aforesaid, and their Decifion thereon shall be final, and that thereupon such Application for Relief as aforesaid shall be wholly dismissed, or the said Commissioners of Excife shall make such Order of Relief as before mentioned : Provided always, that no other Fadts or FaCt shall be inquired into at such Quarter Seffions than those which are stated in such original Application as aforesaid, nor any Witneffes examined in Support of such Application, except such whose Names, Refidence and Defcription shall be entered in a Lift to be given by the Party or Parties making such Application, to the Collector or Supervifor of Excife, Ten Days at least before such Quarter Seffions, nor any Witneffes examined against such Application, except such whose Names or Refidences and Defcriptions shall be entered in a Lift to be given by such Collector or Supervifor to the Party or Parties making such Application, or his, her or their Agent, Ten Days at least before such Quarter Seffions ; and that the Party making such Appeal shall, in case such Decifion of the Justices of the Quarter Seffions shall be against such Appeal, bear and pay all Cofts, Charges and Expenfes attending, occasioned to or sustained by either Party, by such Appeal having been so made, and of all Witneffes who shall have attended such Justices to be examined thereon.

LXVII. And

Hosted

A.D. 181JT.	57°GEO.	III.	€.49.

LXVII. And be it further ena6led, That if any Person shall be summoned to appear as a Witnefs to give Evidence before any such Juflices of the Peace as aforesaid, or any such Colle&or and Comptroller or Commissioners as aforesaid, touching the matters aforesaid, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and Place to be for that Purpofe appointed in such Summons, without a reasonable Excufe for such his or her Neglect or Refufal (to be allowed by such Juflices of the Peace or Collector and Comptroller or Commissioners as aforesaid), or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, and give Evidence to such Juflices of the Peace or Collector and Comptroller or Commissioners, before whom such Evidence is required by this A61 to be given, then that every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be levied by Warrant of Diflrefs to be Hiked by such Commissioners or Juslices, or by any other Two Juflices of the County or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, upon the Certificate of the Juflices or Collector and Comptroller respectively to be granted of such Contempt; and if no sufficient Diflrefs can be found, then it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners or Juflices to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or other Prifon within their Jurifdiction, for any Term not exceeding the Space of Three Calendar Months, unless the Penalty shall be sooner paid; and such Penalty shall be applied to the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh, Townfhip or Place in which such Offence shall have been committed, in such manner as such Juflices shall direct and appoint.

LXVI1I. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall give false Evidence in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this A61, or where, in pursuance of this A61, any Oath is required to be taken, shall swear falsely, shall be fubje6l to such Pains, Penalties and Difqualifications as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or for the time being shall be subject or liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Queflion shall arise whether any salted Fifh, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali respectively, which shall be seized as and for salted Fifh, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali respectively, forfeited under or by virtue of this A61, be salted Fifh, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali respectively, for or on which such Forfeiture is by this A£t imposed, the Proof of such salted Fifh, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali respectively, not being salted Fifh, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali respectively, for or on which such Forfeiture is by this A61 imposed shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Bond or Security given or to be taken, under the Provifions of this A61, for the Removal of any Salt or Rock Salt to be lodged or deposited in any Warehoufe for the Ufe of the British Fifheries, or for the accounting for any Salt or Rock Salt deposited therein, or for or in respect of any Salt or Rock Salt to be used or employed in curing or pre-ferving Fifh, nor any Certificate made out in relation to any such Salt or Rock Salt, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duties ; any thing in this or any other A61 or A6ls of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every of the Powers, Dire6tions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things which in and by an Adt made in the Twelfth Year of

N 2	the

179

Witnefies neglecting, Scr, to appear or give flvidenop,

Penalty ycl.

Application of Penalty.

Perjury.

Onus Probandi, how far on Owner of Fifh, Salt, &c.

Bonds for Fllh-ery Salt not l'ub-jedt to Stamp Duty.

12 C. 2. c. 24.

and any other Aft relating ro

the F.xeife iu

Hosted

ISO

force, extended to this A£h

Peualiies how to be recovered.

Adt may be altered, &c, this ..Selfion.

54 G. 3. c. 180,

continued.

C.49, 50.	57°	GEO, III.	A.D. I817.

the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Aft for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excife, are provided and eftabli filed, shall be practised, used and put in Execution, in and for the Purpofes of this Adi, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties; Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in this present ACt.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Adi, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adlion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that (fave and except in such case or cases where it is otherwise expressly directed by this Adi) One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the fame.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Adi may be altered, amended or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be passed in this Sefiion of Parliament.

CAP. L.

An ACl to contiuue an ACl made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An A3 to providefor the preserving and rejloring of Peace in such Parts of Ireland as may at any Time be difurbed by seditious Persons, or by Per-fons entering into unlawful Combinations or Confpiracies.

[27th June 1817.]

‘ YY7HEREAS an Adi was made in the Fifty fourth Year of < VV His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Aft to provide i for the preserving and reforing of Peace in such Parts of Ireland as 6 may at any time be disturbed by seditious Persons, or by Persons c entering into unlawful Combinations or Confpiracies; to continue 4 in Force for Two Years from and after the palling thereof, and 4 from thence until the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament : c And Whereas the said Adi is about to expire at the End of this 4 present Sefiion of Parliament, and it is expedient that the fame * should be continued ;' Be it therefore enacted by The Ring's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited Adi shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and shall be in Force in Ireland, from the End of this present Sefiion of Parliament, for a further Period of One Year, and no longer.

CAP.

Hosted by

AJD.1817.

57° GEO. IIL

C. 51,52.

181

CAP. LI;

An ACt to regulate the Celebration of Marriages in Newfoundland.	[27th June 1817.]

WHEREAS a Doubt has existed whether the Law of England requiring Religious Ceremonies in the Celebration of.

4 Marriage to be performed by Persons in Holy Orders, for the per-

4 feCt Validity of the Marriage Contract, be in Force in Newfound-

4 land; and by reason of this Doubt, Marriages have been of late

4 celebrated,in Newfoundland by Persons notin Holy Orders: And

4 Whereas great Inconvenience and Irregularities may arise if thefe

4 Doubts shall continue to prevail Be it therefore enacted by The

King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Marriages to he

from and after the First Day of January in the Year One thousand iolemnized in

eight hundred and eighteen, all Marriages had in Newfoundland fhall

be celebrated by Persons in Holy Orders ; and all Marriages which Holy6Orders.

ffiall be contracted or celebrated in Newfoundland contrary to this J

A6t, after the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight

hundred and eighteen, shall be and are hereby declared to be null

and void: Provided neve.rtheless, that nothing contained in this ACt Provifo for Dif-

ffiall extend or be construed to extend to any Marriages that may ficulty in procur-

be had under Circumftances of peculiar and extreme Difficulty in Hol^Orders0

procuring a Person in Holy Orders to perform the Celebration, and being certified

in which the Law might on that account otherwise determine on the on Oath.

Validity of such Marriages : Provided always, that in all such cafes

th^ Circumftance of the case and the aCtual ContraCt of Marriage fhall

be certified on the Oath of the Parties before the Magiftrate neareft

to the usual Refidence of the Parties, or either of them, or before

fome other Person duly authorized by the Governor or Officer ad-

miniftering the Government at Newfoundland, to administer fuch

Oath.

II.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this ACt shall Provifo for Mar-extend or be construed to extend to Marriages already had, or that riages already shall be had previous to the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen : Provided also, that nothing in	an

this ACt contained shall extend to any Marriages amongst the People called Quakers, or amongst the Persons professing the Jewiffi Religion, where both the Parties to any such Marriage shall be of the People called Quakers, or Persons professing the Jewiffi Religion refpeCtively.

III.	And be it further enacted, That this A Cl may be altered, Aft may be amended or repealed by any ACt or ACts to be palled in the present. altere,1> &c. this Session of Parliament.	Seffion-

CAP. LII.

An ACt to alter an ACt palled in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants.	[27th	JW?	1817.]

*	HE REAS by an ACt of Parliament patted in the Eleventh n G. a. c. 19.

6 W Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the §16.

4 Second, intituled An A3 for the more effectual securing the Payment

N 3	4	of

Hosted

182

a 52.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.J817.

Extended to Tenants in Arrear for One Half Year’s Rent instead of One Year,

4 of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants, it is amongst other 4 things enacted, that from and after the Tvventy fourth Day of 4 June One thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, if any Tenant 4 holding any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at a Rack Rent,

4 or where the Rent reserved should be full Three fourths of the 4 Yearly Value of the demised Premises, who should be in Arrear 4 for One Year’s Rent, should desert the demised Premises, and 4 leave the fame uncultivated or unoccupied, so as no sufficient 4 Didrefs could be had to countervail the Arrears of Rent, it should 4 and might be lawful to and for Two or more Judices of the 4 Peace of the County, Riding, Divifion or Place (having no Interefl 4 in the demised Premifes), at the Requed of the LefTor or Land-4 lord, Leffors or Landlords, or his, her or their Bailiff or Receiver,

4 to go upon and view the fame, and to affix or cause to be affixed 4 on the mod notorious Part of the Premifes Notice in Writing what 4 Day (at the Diflance of Fourteen Days at lead) they would re-4 turn to take a Second View thereof; and if upon such Second 4 View the Tenant, or some Person on his or her behalf, should not 4 appear and pay the Rent in Arrear, or there should not be fuffi-4 cient Didrefs upon the Premises, then the said Judices might put 4 the Landlord or Landlords, LefTor or Leffors, into the Poffeffion 4 of the said demised Premifes ; and the Leafe thereof to such 4 Tenant, as to any Demife therein contained only, should from 4 thenceforth become void : And Whereas it is expedient, for the 4 due ProtedTion of the Intered of Landlords, that so much of the 4 said A6t as requires a Tenant to be in Arrear for One Year’s Rent 4 should be altered, and that the Provifions of the said Adt should be 4 extended to Tenancies where no Right of Entry in case of Non 4 Payment is reserved to the Landlord ;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the passing of this Adi the Provisions, Powers and Remedies by the said recited Adt given to Leffors and Landlords in case of any Tenant deserting the demised Premifes and leaving the fame uncultivated or unoccupied, so as no sufficient Didrefs can be had to countervail the Arrears of Rent, shall be extended to the case of Tenants holding any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at a Rack Rent, or where the Rent reserved shall be full Three fourths of the Yearly Value of the demised Premises, and who shall be in Arrear for One Half Years’ Rent, (indead of for One Year as in the said recited Adt is provided and enacted,) and who shall hold such Lands and Tenements or Hereditaments under any Demife or Agreement either written or verbal, and although no Right or Power of Re-entry be reserved or given to the Landlord in case of Non Payment of Rent, who shall be in Arrear for One Half Year’s Rent, indead of for One Year, as in the said recited Adt is provided and enacted.

CAP.

Hosted

A.D.1S17.	57°	GEO.	III.	C.r>3,	ias

CAP. LIII.

An A61 for the more effectual Punifhment of Murders and Manflaughters committed in Places not within His Majefly’s Dominions.	[27th	June	1817.]

4 T^i7*HEREAS grievous Murders and Manflaughters have been 4 VV committed at the Settlement in the Bay of Honduras in 6 South America, the fame being a Settlement, for certain Purposes,

4 in the Poffeffion and under the Protedlion of His Majesty, but not 4 within the Territory and Dominion of His Majesty, by Persons 4 residing and being within the said Settlement ; and the like Of-4 fences have also been committed in the South Pacific Ocean^ as well 4 on the High Seas as on Land, in the Iflands of New Zealand and 4 Otaheite, and in other Istands, Countries and Places not within His 4 Majefty’s Dominions, by the Mafters and Crews of British Ships,

4 and other Persons who have for the most Part deserted from or left 4 their Ships, and have continued to live and reside amongst the I11-4 habitants of those Istands; whereby great Violence has been done*

4 and a general Scandal and Prejudice raised against the Name and 4 Character of Britifio and other European Traders: And Whereas 4 such Crimes and Offences do escape unpunished, by reason of the 4 Difficulty of bringing to Trial the Persons guilty thereof:’ For Remedy whereof be it enabled by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling Murders and of this A£l all Murders and Manflaughters committed or that ffiall Manflaughters be committed on Land at the said Settlement in the Bay of Honduras committed by any Person or Persons residing or being within the said Settle- p0^gjr^parts ment, and all Murders and Manflaughters committed or that ffiall be not w^tl)in His committed in the said Iflands of New Zealand and Otaheite, or Majefty’s Do-within any other Istands, Countries, or Places not within His Ma- minions, may he jelly’s Dominions, nor subject to any European State or Power, nor tried in *ny within the Territory of the United States of America, by the pove^i^Plant^ Mailer or Crew of any Briiijlo Ship or VefTel, or any of them, or by t,ons *in fame * any Person failing in or belonging thereto, or that ffiall have failed manner as Of-in or belonged to and have quitted any British Ship or VefTel to fences commit-live in any of the said Istands, Countries, or Places, or either of them, on the or that ffiall be there living, shall and may be tried, adjudged and enj* puniffied in any of His Majefty’s Istands, Plantations, Coionics, Dominions, Forts or Factories, under or by virtue of The King’s Com-miffion or Commissions, which ffiall have been or which shall hereafter be issued under and by virtue and in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities of an A £1 palled in the Forty-fixth Year of His present 46 G, 3. c. 54. Majesty, intituled An A& for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in dijlant Parts upon the Sea, in the same manner as if such Offence or Offences had been committed on the High Seas.

II.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained ffiall repeal or Provifo for Stat. affect, or be construed to repeal or affest, the Provifions of an A61 33. H. 8. c. S3, made and passed in the Thirty third Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An AB to proceed by Commiffion of Oyer and Terminer againjl such Persons as shall confefs Treason, etc. without remanding the fame to be tried in the Shire where the Offence <tuas committed.

NI	III.	And

Hosted

181

C. 53,54.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817

j\i.i may be altered, &c. this Session.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Adi may be altered, amended or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LIV.

An Adi to enable the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues to make and maintain a Road from Millbank Row, IVeffminffer, to the Penitentiary.

*	[27th 0/^/7*? 1817.]

52G.3.C.41.	4 Y|7 HEREAS in pursuance and under the Authority of an

4 W Adi of Parliament passed in the Fifty second Year of the 4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for the Ereftion of 4 a Penitentiary House for the Confinement of Offenders convicted 4 within the City of London and County of Middlesex ; and for, 4 making Compenfation to Jeremy Bentham Efquire for the Non Per-4 formance of an Agreement between the said Jeremy Bentham and 4 the Lords Commissioners of His Majeffy’s TreaJ'ury, respecting the 4 Cuffody and Maintenance of Convifts, a Penitentiary for the Con-

*	fineraent and Employment of Male and Female Convidls has been

*	eredled at Millbank, in the County of Middlesex, on Lands now « veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by virtue of the 4 said Adi, for the Ufe of the Public and the Purpofes of the said 4 Adi ; and the fame is now completed and fit for the Reception ‘ of Part of the Persons intended to be confined therein ; but no 4 Carriage Way has yet been fet out for passing and repafiing between 4 the said Penitentiary and the City of IVeffminffer : And Whereas 4 it is necessary and expedient, for opening a Communication with 4 the said Penitentiary, that a free and public Carriage Way fhould

*	be made and maintained from the South End of Millbank Row> 4 in the Liberty of IVeffminffer, over a Piece or Parcel of Land be-4 longing to the Earl Grofveiior, and now in the Poffefhon of

*	Thomas Sargent as Occupier thereof, and by him used as a Wharf, 4 and to be continued along the Bank of the River Thames in the 4 Line of the old Foot Path, to the Lodge or Gate of the said 4 Penitentiary : And Whereas the whole of the Land required for 4 the Purpofe of making the said intended Road, except the Piece 4 or Parcel of Land which so belongs to the Earl Grofvenor as

*	aforesaid, being the Property of His Majesty in Right of His

<	Crown, it is expedient that the Commissioners for the time being <■ of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues should be

<	authorized and empowered to appropriate so much of the Land so « belonging to His Majesty in Right of His Crown as aforesaid, as

<	fhall be requisite for that Purpose, to be used for the said intended 4 Road, and to make and maintain such intended Road, and to make

*	Compenfation to the said Earl Grofvenor, and all Persons lawfully 4 claiming under him, for such Part of the said Parcel of Land 4 belonging to him as shall be taken and required by virtue of this 4 A61 by and out of the Land Revenue of the Crown May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

Commillioners, rity of the fame, That the Commissioners for the time being of His

Majefty’s

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.54.

185

Majefty’s "Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for carrying this Aft into Execution ; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, by and with the Confent and Approbation of any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being*, to be lignified by any Minute in Writing, or by Letter from any one of their Secretaries, in pursuance of I'uch Minute, to fee out and make, and hereafter to maintain and keep in Repair an open, free and public Carriage Road, commencing from the South End of Millbank Row, in the Liberty of Wejtminjler, through and over a Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to the Earl Grofvenor, and now in the Pofleflion of Thomas Sargent as Occupier, and from thence to be continued over the Crown Lands along the Bank of the River to the Lodge or Gate of the Penitentiary lately erected under the said recited Aft ; such Road to be a free and public Road, to be used by all His Majefly’s Subjefts on Foot or on Horfeback, and for the PafTage of Carriages, Carts, Waggons and other Vehicles.

II.	And be it further enacted. That that Part of the said intended Road which shall be made through and over the said Piece or Parcel of Land belonging to the said Earl Grofvenor, shall not exceed in Width Thirty Feet to be measured from a Line ranging with the Face of the Front Area of the lafl or Southernmoft House in Mill-hank Row, and including in the said Width of Thirty Feet the present Footway.

III.	Provided, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for carrying this Aft into Execution, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think it expedient so to do, by and with the Confent of the laid Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to be signified in manner aforesaid, to extend and continue the said intended Road from the said Lodge or Gate of the Penitentiary over the Crown Lands in a Southern Direction, until it shall meet the Branch or Road now forming leading towards the Penitentiary from and out of the High Road from Vauxhall Bridge to Pimlico, and shall form a Junftion therewith.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the time being for carrying this Aft into Execution, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and with the Confent and Approbation of any Three or more of the said Commissioners of His Majefly’s Treasury for the time being, to be signified as aforesaid, from time to time to appropriate, lay out and expend so much of the Money ariflng from the Land Revenues of the Crown under their Management as may be necessary for making and afterwards maintaining and keeping in Repair the said intended Road, and for paying such Sums of Money as Com-penfations to the said Earl Grofvenor and Thomas Sargent, or any other Persons having any Estate, Right or Interefl therein, for the Value of such Ground, and of their respective Eftates or Inte-refts therein, and for any Injury or Damage they may respectively sustain by the making of such Road, as may be agreed upon and fettled between the said Commissioners and the said Earl Grofvenor and other Persons, or which may be awarded and ascertained by the Verdift of a Jury in manner hereinafter directed.

V, And

Public Carriage RoacJ to be made tiom the South End of Millbank Row.

Road through the Land of Earl Grofvenor not to exceed 30 feet wide.

Road may be extended from the Lodge of the Penitentiary to the Branch of Road leading from Vauxhall Bridge to Pimlico.

Money necef-fary for making and keeping the Ro d in Repair, and for Com pen-fni ion to Earl Grofvenor and Thomas Sargent.* may be applied from the Land Revenue with Confent of the Treasury.

Hosted

L86

C.54.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Commi(Ticners to 1 rertt with Earl Grofvenor and T. Sargent fur the Purchafe of the Ground to be taken from them for the new Road.

The fa id Performs refusing, .See. to treat, or not agreeing, &c.

Jury to a leer tain the Purchafe Money and Compenfation.

Witne fifes called before Jury.

Jury to view if Occafion.

Money a fife-fled by Jury to be paid by the Com mifTioners to Earl Grofvenor and T. Sargent,

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-ful for the said Commifiioners for the time being for carrying this Adi into Execution, and they are hereby authorized, by and with such Confent and Approbation as aforesaid, to treat and agree with the said Earl Grofvenor and Thomas Sargent, or any such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for the absolute Purchafe of the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, of or belonging to him or them, hereby authorized to be taken for the Purpofes of this Adi, and of all their respective Eftates and Interefls therein, and for the settling what Compenfations shall be paid or given to the said Earl and Thomas Sargent, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, either in Money or other Equivalent, for any Injury which may be fullained by or occalioncd to them by the making and maintaining of such intended Road ; and if the said Earl Grofvenor and Thomas Sargent, or any such other Person or Persons having and proving an Interest: in the said Ground and Premises, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or from any Caufe shall be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners for the time being, or with the Person or Persons authorized by them to treat and agree 011 their Behalf, then and in such case the High Bailiff of the City and Eiberty of Weft-7ninjler, or his Deputy, shall, upon the Warrant of the said Com-miifioners for the time being for carrying this Adi into Execution in mariner hereinafter mentioned, and he is hereby authorized and required to cause it to be enquired into and ascertained, upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said City or Liberty of Wefminfler> which Oaths the said High Bailiff or his Deputy is hereby empowered to administer, what Damages will be fultained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to the said Earl Grofvenor as Owner, and the said Thomas Sargent as Occupier, or to any other Person or Persons claiming or proving any Interefl therein as aforesaid, for the Value of such Piece or Parcel of Land to be taken and occupied for the Purpofes of this Adi, and of the proportionable Value of their respective Inte-refts therein, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to them respectively for the fame ; and in order thereto - the said High Bailiff or his Deputy is hereby empowered and required from time to time, as Occafion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witnefs or Witneffes touching or concerning the Premises, which Oath the said High Bailiff or his Deputy is hereby empowered to adminiller; and the said High Bailiff or his Deputy shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in question if there be Occafion, and to use all other Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as such High Bailiff or his Deputy shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and ascertained such Value, Damages and Compenfation, the said High Bailiff or his Deputy shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid by the Commifiioners for the time being for carrying this Adi into Execution to the said Earl Grofvenor and Thomas Sargent, and to any other Person or Persons to whom any. such Compenfation shall or may be awarded 13	to

Hosted

AJD.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 54.

187

to be paid, according to such Verdin or Xnquifition of the said Jury : Provided always, that the Court of King's Bench shall have full Power and Authority, if it shall fee Cause, on Motion made to such Court for that Purpofe by the Party who shall be dissatisfied with the fame, to fet aside such VerdidI or Inquifition, and to direct the said High Bailiff or Deputy to summon a new Jury ; but all such Verdidls and Inquifitions shall be binding on all Persons and Parties whatsoever, unless such Motion shall be made to the Court, for setting aside the fame, within the firll Term after the taking thereof.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That for the summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries the said Commissioners for the time being for carrying this Adi into Execution are hereby authorized and empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the said High Bailiff or his Deputy to summon, impannel and return, at some convenient Place in the said City of Westminster, a Jury of not less than Thirty five nor more than Forty eight honest and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials of Iffues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said High Bailiff or his Deputy at such time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed ; and Fourteen Days' Notice in Writing at the least, under the Hands of the said Commissioners for the time being for executing this Adt, or under the Hand of their Solicitor, of the time and Place at which such Jury are so required to be returned, shall be given to the said Earl Grofvenor and the said Thomas Sargent, and to all other Persons interested in the Premises, before the time of the Meeting of such Jury, by leaving such Notice or Notices at the Dwelling Houfes of the said Earl Gro/venor, Thomas Sargent and such other Person or Persons as aforesaid ; and the said High Bailiff and his Deputy are hereby required and empowered to impannel, summon and return such Number accordingly ; and out of the Persons so impannelied, fum-moned and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear on such Summons, the said High Bailiff or his Deputy shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purpofes aforesaid ; and, in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, shall return other honest and sufficient Men of the Standers by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, being qualified as last aforesaid, to the Number of Twelve; and it {ball be lawful for all Persons concerned to attend by themselves, their Counfel and Solicitors, and to be heard and to adduce Evidence before the said High Bailiss, or his Deputy, and such Persons shall also have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but.shall not challenge the Array.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That no Jury to be summoned by virtue of this Adi shall be allowed to assess or award any Sum or Sums of Money to any Person or Persons by way of Compenfation for any Injury or Damage alleged to have been sustained by him or them by reason or Means of this Adi, or any thing which may or shall be done in the Execution hereof, unless Notice in Writing, Hating the Particulars of every such Claim, and how and in what manner the Amount thereof is made out and computed, shall have been given by or on behalf of such Person or Persons to the said Commilfioiiers for the time being for executing this Adi, or to theft*

Solicitor,

Regulations for summoning and impannelling a Jury.

Notice to Com-miffioners,dating Particulars of Claims, before any Award of Compenfation is made.

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

Default of High Bailiffin returning a Jury. Penalty. Jurymen and Witneflts neglecting their Duty.

Penalty.

If VevdiCi be given for a larger Sum than offered, Expence of Jury to be paid by the Corn mif-iloners; but if given for no more cr a lets Sum, the oth- r Party shall pay the Expence.

If no Damage given, or if Jury occasioned by Party refilling to treat with Com-mvflioners, then Cofts to be fettled by High Bailiff or Deputy.

C. 54.

A.D. 1817-

Solicitor, Ten Days at least before the time of the Meeting of such Jury.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if the said High Bailiff or his Deputy, so directed to summon and return a Jury as afore-said, shall make default in the Premises, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds ; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or to give his VerdiCt, or shall in any other manner wilfully negleCl his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this ACt, or if any Person summoned as a Witnefs shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be examined or give Evidence, any Person so offending, having no reasonable Excufe to be allowed by the said High Bailiff or his Deputy, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; which several and refpeClive Penalties shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of His Majefty’s Juflices of the Peace for the said City of Westminster, by Diffrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering to him, her or them the Overplus, after such Penalty and the Charges of such Diffrefs and Sale shall be deducted.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this ACt shall give in a VerdiCt or Affeffment for more Money as a Recompence, Com-penfation or Satisfaction for the Right, Intereft or Property of the said Earl Grofvenor, Thomas Sargent, or any other Person or Per-fons, in such Piece or Parcel of Land to be taken for the Purpofes of this ACt, than shall have been agreed to have been given and offered for the fame by the said Commifiioners for the time being for executing this ACt, before the summoning and returning of such Jury ; then and in every such case all the reasonable Cofts, Charges and Expenfes of causing and procuring such Recompence, Com-penfation or Satisfaction to be aifeffed by a Jury, shall be fettled by the said High Bailiff or his Deputy before whom such Claim shall have been tried, and shall be paid by the said Commifiioners for the time being for executing this Act; but if any Jury so summoned and sworn as aforesaid shall give any VerdiCt or Affeffment for no more or for less Money as such Recompence, Compenfation and Satisfaction as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Commifiioners for the fame before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, or in case no Damage shall be given by the VerdiCt where the Difpute is for Damages only, or if the causing and procuring of such Jury to be summoned shall have arisen from a Refufal to treat or agree with the said Commifiioners for the time being by any Person or Persons whomsoever who is or are by the Provifions of this ACt or otherwise legally empowered to treat; then all such Cofts, Charges and Expenses, to be fettled by such High Bailiff or his Deputy in manner aforesaid, shall be paid to the Commifiioners for the time being for executing this ACl, by the said Earl Grofvenor, Thomas Sargent, or such other Person or Persons so claiming such Compenfation, or refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned refpeCtively, save only and except where by reason of Abfence or like Caufe any Person shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid, in which case no

Cofts*

Hosted

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 54.

189

Cofts, Charges or Expenfes shall be allowed to either Party as against the other; and all Cofts, Charges and Expences hereby directed to be paid to the said Commissioners for the time being for executing this Aft, {hail and may be deducted and retained by them out of the Money so adjudged or assessed to be paid by them, as so much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of the Person and Per-fons entitled to such Money so adjudged; and Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so adjudged or assessed ; or in case no sufficient Sum of Money shall be awarded or assessed to be paid by the said Commiftioners, whereout such Cofts, Charges and Expenfes can be deducted, then the fame shall and may -be recovered by such Ways and Means as hereinafter provided for the Recovery of % Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by this Aft im-pofed or authorized to be imposed.

X.	And be it further enacted, That all the said Judgments and Verdifts shall be recorded in the Office of the Auditor of His Ma-jefty’s Land Revenue, and a Minute or Docket thereof shall be entered and preferred in the Office of the Commiftioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and all such Judgments and Verdifts shall be afterwards deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the said City of Wejlminjler> or with the Keeper of the Records of the Quarter Seffions, to be kept and preserved by him amongst the Records of the Quarter Seffions of the said City and Liberty, and shall be deemed to be Records to all Intents and Pur-pofes whatsoever, and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the fame, paying for such Infpeftion the Sum of One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That all and every Person and Persons who, in any Examination to be taken on Oath by virtue of this Aft, shall wilfully give false Evidence or forswear themselves before any such Jury, or before any Juftice of Peace, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviftion thereof shall be subject and liable to such and the fame Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the time being for executing this Aft, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, to cause such and so many Lamp Polls and Lamp Irons to be put up or fixed in, upon or along the Sides of the said Road as they shall think proper, and also to cause such Number of Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts to be provided and affixed upon such Lamp Polls and Lamp Irons as they shall think necessary for lighting the said Road and every or any Part thereof.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously break, cut down, damage or injure any of the Lamp Polls or Lamp Irons fet up by the said Commissioners, or shall break or extinguish any of the Lamps affixed thereto for lighting the said Road; or if the Driver of any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, or any other Person, shall wilfully and maliciously or

carelelsly

Judgments and Verdicts to be recorded in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, and afterwards deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for Weft-niinfter, &c.

Fee for fn-fpe6tion.

Perjury.

Lamps to be affixed on the Sides of the Road, t

Breaking Lamps, &c. damaging the Road, or occa-fioning Annoyances, &c. as * herein mentioned.

Hosted

190

C. 54.

5rGEo.ni.

A.D.1817.

Penalty.

Obftru&ing Persons employed in executing A£t,

Penalty.

Contra&s may be entered into for making the Road and keeping it in Repair, and for lighting it, &c.

carelefsly break or damage any of the Pods, Rails or Stones, or any Bank or Mound which may be erected for the Security of the said Road ; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Road ; or if any Person or Persons shall scrape off any Mud, Soil or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road, with any Inllrument, so as to damage the said Road or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road which shall not have been previously paved, and shall be then paved, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, other-wife than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be carried upon a wheeled Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the. said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the fame .Road shall suffer the fame to root up or damage the said Road or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall in any manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him, her or them upon the said Road, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage under his, her or their Care; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage longer than shall be necessary for loading and unloacting, and {landing as near to the Side of the said Road as conveniently may be, in, upon or on the Side of the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Beafl of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto ; or if any Person shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbifh or other Matter or Thing wffiatfoever in or upon any Part of the said Road, or to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance or Prejudice of any Person or Persons passing or repassing thereon ; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That if any Person shall assault, interrupt or hinder, or cause to be assaulted, interrupted or hindered, any Person or Persons by the said CommifTioners for the time being for carrying this A6t into Execution, or by any Con-tra£tor, employed in the Execution of this A61, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the time being for carrying this A61 into Execution, or for such Person or Perions as they for that Purpofe shall appoint, to contract w7ith any Person or Persons for setting out, making, railing, repairing and keeping in Repair the faidjRoad, and also for setting up and affixing the Lamp Polls and Lamp Irons on and for lighting the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, and for doing any other Work by this A<?c authorized to be done, in such manner and for such Sums of Money, or other Compenfation or Confideration, as the said Commissioners for the time being for executing this A61 shall think proper ; and all Contradls in Writing for any of the Purpofes aforesaid, which shall be entered into, shall be binding to all Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her and their Executors and Adminiflrators ; and A6tions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Colls recovered against the Parties failing therein.

XVI. And

Hosted

67° GEO. III.

C, 54.

191

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That all Matters, A<5ts and Things authorized or necessary to be done by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this ACt, may be done and executed by any Two of them; and the fame fiiall be as valid and effectual, and shall have the fame Force and EffeCt, as if such Matters, A6ls and Things had been done and executed by all the said Commissioners.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed, the manner of levying which is not herein otherwise directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, or for the County of Middlesex, either by the Confeffion of the Party or Parties themselves, or upon the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witneffes, which such Juftice is hereby empowered to adminiffer, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Juffice ; which Warrant the said Juffice is hereby empowered to grant for that Purpofe ; and the Overplus, if any, after such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of such Diftrefs and Sale, are recovered and dedu&ed, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels ; and the Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, when recovered and paid, shall be applied for the Purpofes of this A£l ; and in case sufficient Diftrefs shall not be found, and such Penalties shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Juftice of Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this A<ft, such Per-fon or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the City and Liberty of Westminster next after the Expiration of Three Months from the time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days’ Notice at the least of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Solicitor of the said Commissioners, and within Three Days’ Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Juftice of the Peace for such City and Liberty, with sufficient Sureties, to try such Appeal, and abide the Order thereof, and to pay such Cofts as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Seffions ; and the said Justices in such Seffions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Cofts to either of the Parties, or other-wife, as they shall judge proper; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable ; and all such Determinations of the laid

Juftices

Two Commissioners may ait.

Penalties how to be recovered.

Diftref?.

How Penalties applied.

If no Distress, Imprifonment,

Appeal to Quarter Seffions,

Notice.

Recognizance.

Coils.

Mitigation of Penalty,

Hosted

192

C. 54.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Cofts levied by Diftrefs.

Imprifonmcnt.

Notice to be given before any Action is brought; and Tender of Amende may be offered.

Limitation of A6ti<?ns,

General IfTue.

Treble Cods.

Justices shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all Parties to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever; and the laid Judices at such Sef-lions may also by their Order or Warrant levy such Cods so awarded by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Per-fons who shall refuse to pay the fame, and for want of sufficient Diftrefs commit such Person or Persons to the Prifon of or for the said City and Liberty for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Cods.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced againd any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Adi, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twenty eight Days at lead before such Adtion shall be commeneed, of such intended Adtion, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the cause of such Adtion ; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Adtion, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Adtion brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Adtion, by Leave of the Court, after such Adtion shall have been brought, at any time before IfTue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, die or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court as in other Adtions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Adtion or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Adt after Three Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, and every such Adtion or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Middlesex, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Adtion or Suit shall or may plead, at his or their Eledtion, specially or the General Ifsue, and give this Adt and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Adt ; and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Adtion or Suit shall be brought before Twenty eight Days’ Notice thereof shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing such Adtion or Suit, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury shall find a Verdidt for the Defendant or Defendants ; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Adtion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Cofts, and have such Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit in other cases by Law.

CAP,

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 55.

193

may be detained until ill March iSx8; and fhali

CAR LV.

An Aft: to continue an Aft to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty fhali suspect are con-fpiring against His Person and Government.

[30th June 1817.]

i WI PEREAS an Aft Was palled in this Session of Parliament, c. 3. ante.

6 VV intituled An Aft to empower His Majesty to secure and de~

*	tain such Persons as His Majfly fhali suspect are conspiring againjl 6 His Person and Government, which Aft was to continue in force c until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ( seventeen : And Whereas it is necessary for the public Safety ‘ that the Provifions of the said Aft should be further continued :

( Therefore, for the better Prefervation. of His Majesty's facred

*	Perfon, and the sacred Person of His Royal Highness The Prince

*	Regent, and for securing the Peace and Laws and Liberties of

*	this Kingdom Be it enacted by The King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all or any Person or Persons Perfons impri-that are or shall be in Prifon within that Part of the United King- foned for High dom called Great Britain at or upon the Day on which this Aft shall Treason, &c. receive His Majesty's Royal Afsent, or after, by Warrant of His said Majesty's molt Honourable Privy Couneil, signed by Six of the said Privy Couneil, for High Treason, Sufpicion of High Treafon not be bailed or or Treafonable Praftices, or by Warrant signed by any of His Ma- tried without an jefty's Secretaries of State, for such Caufes as aforesaid, may be Order from the detained in safe Cuftody, without Bail or Mainprize, until the First 1 nv^ Council. Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen ; and that

no Judge or Juftice of the Peace fhali bail or try any such Person or Persons so committed, without Order from His said Majefty’s Privy Couneil, signed by Six of the said Privy Couneil, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen ; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Aft made in Scotland A61 in Scotland in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and one, inti- <-'f 1701,10 far as tuled An Aft for preventing wrongous Imprifonment, and againjl undue Delays in Trials, in so far as the fame may be construed to relate to the Cafes of Treafon and Sufpicion of Treason,with respect to Persons so committed as aforesaid, be suspended until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen ; and that Persons commit-until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eigh- ted there teen no Judge, Juftice of Peace, or other Officer of the Law of Scotland, fhali liberate, try or admit to Bail any Person or Persons that is, are or fhali be in Prifon within Scotland under a Warrant or Warrants so signed as aforesaid, for such Caufes as aforesaid, without Order from His said Majesty's Privy Couneil, signed by Six of the said Privy Council.

III. Provided always, That from and after the First Day of After March 1 March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen the said Persons so committed fhali have the Benefit and Advantage of all Laws and Statutes in any way relating to or providing for the Liberty of the Subjefts of this Realm.

57 Geo. III.	O	IV. Pro-

relates to Treat'd], suspended.

riot to be tried, &c. without such Order as afoie-iVid.

1818, Persons committed to have the Benefit of the Laws,

Hosted by

C. .55.

57" GEO. III.

Provilo for Privileges of Members of Parliament.

Indictments for High Treafon already found, to be tried.

Secretary of State may order Persons committed for High Treason, &c. to be removed to any other Gaol.

Persons so removed not to be deprived of Right to be tried or discharged.

Continuance of Adi.

Act may be altered, &d this Seflion.

A.D.1817

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A 61 shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient Rights and Privileges of Parliament, or to the Imprifonment or Detaining of any Member of either House of Parliament during the Sitting of such Parliament, until the Matter of which he Hands suspected be first communicated to the House of which he is a Member, and the Con-fent of the said House obtained for his Commitment or Detaining.

V.	Provided nevertheless, That any Person or Persons in Prifon at the time of palling this Adi, against whom any Bill or Bills of Indidtment for High Treafon have been already found, shall and maybe tried on the said Indidlment as if this Adi had never palfed.

4 VI. And Whereas divers Persons are now in Cuflody on Charges 4 of High Treafon and Sufpicion of High Treason, under Warrants 4 from One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State or from 4 His Majefty’s Privy Couneil, and it may be highly important 4 that such Persons as have been or shall be secured and detained 4 on such Charges underand by virtue of such Warrant or Warrants 4 should be kept wholly separate and apart from each other, so as to 4 prevent all Communication between them and with other Persons, 4 except such Communication as His Majesty may think fit to per-4 mit, and under such Reftridlions as may be advisable; and Doubts 4 may arise how far the Powers of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries 4 of State to change the Places of Confinement of Persons so com-4 mitted extend; and it is expedient to provide that the fame shall 4 not be so exercised as to deprive the Persons so committed of any 4 Right to be tried or discharged which they might respectively have 4 had if their respective Places of Confinement had not been changed Now, to obviate all Doubts and Difficulties in respect thereof be it further enabled and declared, That it shall be lawful for One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, as he shall fee Occafion, to order any Person committed to any Gaol or other Prifon on any Charge of High Treason, Sufpicion of High Treafon or Treafonable Pradlices, either before or after Indidlment found, to be conveyed to and detained in any other Gaol or other Prifon until discharged by due Courfe of Law, and to issue all Warrants necessary for such Purpofes : Provided always nevertheless, that no Person who shall be removed by any such Warrant as aforesaid shall be by means of such Removal deprived of such Right to be tried or discharged as such Person would by Law have been entitled to if not so removed ; and in every case in which any such Person would have been entitled to have been tried or discharged, if such Person had continued in the Gaol or Prifon to which fuch' Person was before committed, it shall be lawful for such Person to apply to be bailed or discharged in the same manner as such Person might have done if such Person had remained in the Gaol or Prifon to which such Person was before committed as aforesaid.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That this A61 shall continue in force until the Firfl Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That this A61 may be altered, amended or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be made in this prefent

Session of Parliament.

CAP*

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 56.

195

CAP. LVI.

An Adi to amend the Laws in respect to forfeited Recognizances in Ireland.	[30th June 1817.]

c *1X7 HE REAS the several Adts of Parliament passed from

*	VV time to time, to regulate and secure the ColledHon of the 6 Sums arising from forfeited Recognizances, and from Fines im-6 posed at Amzes, Seffions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol 6 Delivery, and Seffions of the Peace in Ireland, have been found

*	inefficient for that Purpofe ; and it is therefore expedient that the 6 said Adts should be repealed, and that more effectual Provifion

*	ffiould be made for the Recovery and Payment of such Sums and

*	Fines;’ Be it therefore enadfed by The King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Commencement of this Adi, the several Adis of Parliament hereafter recited ffiall be repealed; that is to fay, an Adt passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s 27 G. 3. c. 32. Reign, intituled An Aft for the better Collection of His Majefty9s (0 Revenue arising from forfeited Recognisances; an Adi passed in the

said Parliament, in the Twenty ninth Year of His said Majefty’s 29 0.3. c. 28. Reign to amend the said recited Adi of the Twenty seventh Year ; 00 an Adi passed in the said Parliament, in the Thirty fir ft Year of His 31 G. 3. c. 25. said Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft to discharge such Recogni- 00 zances entered into for the Appearance and Profecution of Offenders, as were forfeited before the Eighteenth Day of January in the Tear One thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and for more effectually ex-ecuting the Green Wax Process, so far as the said Aft of the Thirty frfl Tear of His said Majefty9 s Reign relates to such Procefs ; an Adi passed in the said Parliament in the Thirty second Year of 32G.3.C. 25. His said Majefty’s Reign, to explain, amend and render more effec- 00 tual the said recited Adis of the Twenty seventh and Twenty ninth Years of His Majefty’s Reign, and to extend the Provifions thereof, and for enlarging the time for John Howard Kyan Efquire to account pursuant to his Recognizance, so far as the said Adi of the Thirty second Year relates to the Colledlion of forfeited Recognizances; an Adi passed in the said Parliament, in the Thirty eighth 38 G. 3.0.50. Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the better 00 Collection of Sums arising from forfeited Recognisances, and from Fines imposed at Afsizes, Gommiffions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, and Seffions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the fame; an Adi passed in the said Parliament, in the Thirty ninth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, to amend the 39 G. 3. c. 67. said Adt of the Thirty eighth Year ; an Adi passed in the said Par- 0 ) ilament, in the Fortieth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, to con- 40 G. 3. c. 30. tinue the said recited Adi of the Thirty eighth Year of His said 00 Majefty’s Reign, and to repeal and amend Part of the said recited Adi of the Thirty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign ; and an Adi passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Forty ninth 49 G 3. c.83. Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the Amendment (U. K-) of the Laws now in force in Ireland, relative to Persons entering into Recognizances in Criminal Cases, in Cuflody under any Fine, or

O 2	under

Hosted

198	C.	56.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1817.

under such Recognizances; and the said recited Adts are hereby repealed accordingly ; save so far as the fame respectively repeal any former Acft or A<fts of Parliament, or any Clause, matter or thing therein ; and save as to any Proceeding in any case wherein any Procefs of the Pipe fhali have actually issued under the said A6fs, or any of them, previous to the Commencement of this A6f, and the Colle6lion and Application of the Fines and forfeited Recognizances in any such case ; and save so far any of the said Adts purport to discharge any Recognizance theretofore forfeited.

AURecogni-	II.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the Com-

zances shall fpe- mencement of this Aft, every Recognizance taken in Ireland by jieS> or before His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench there, or by or Refidence of the before His Majefty’s Chief Juftice of the said Court of King’s Parties bound. Bench, or by or before any of the Justices of the said Court of King’s Bench, or by or before any Juftice or Justices of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or by or before any Juftice or Justices of the Peace, either at their Seflions of the Peace or other-wife, or by any Magiftrate or other Person lawfully authorized to take the fame, fhali contain the Name and Addition of the Person or Persons respectively thereby acknowledging himself, her-felf or themselves respectively to be bound, and the Name of the Townland, Parifh and Barony or Half Barony, or Town or City, and Street therein, (if in a County of a Town or City,) in which the usual or a6tual Place or Places of Refidence of such Person or Persons becom- Persons is or are refpetftively situated; and all and every Persons ing Bail or giving or Person who fhali hereafter come before His Majefty’s said Court Surety for keep- Qf XCing’s Bench, or before any of His Majefty’s Justices of the shall make Oath	Court, or before any such Juftice or Justices of Oyer and Ter-

as herein men-	miner or Gaol Delivery, or before any Juftice or Justices of the

tioned.	Peace, either at their Seflions of the Peace or otherwise, or before

any Magiftrate or other Person lawfully authorized to admit to Bail, in order to give Bail or be bound for the Appearance of any Person or Persons charged with any Crime or Crimes, (which Person so charged fhali by Law be entitled to Bail,) or for keeping the Peace, fhali respectively make Oath in one of the Forms here following, or in some other Form of Words to the like Import and Effect refpec~ tively ; that is to fay, if such Person fhali reside in a County at large, in this Form ; (to wit,)

*	T A. B, do swear, That I am a Houfeholder, and have a Houfe

*	wherein I usually reside, at	in	the	Parifh of

6	Barony	or Half Barony of	and

4 County of	and that I support and maintain myfelf

4 by	and that I am worth the Sum of \here

c insert double the Sum in which he or foe is to be bound] over and 4 above all my just Debts.

* So help me GOD/

And if such Person fhali reside in a County of a City or Town, the Words 4 reside at’ and from thence to 4 County of’ fhali be omitted ; and instead thereof, these Words fhali be inserted ; (to wit,) 4 reading in [naming the Street, Square, Lane or Place] in the Parifh of and County of the City or Town of	f

Oath annexed to and every such Oath fhali be annexed to or be written on the fame or written on the Piece of Paper or Parchment with the Recognizance, and fhali be

figned

Hosted

A.D.181JT.

57° GEO. IIL

C .56.

13 T

figned by the Person making the fame, and attested by the proper Jurat of the Court, Judge, Juftice, or other Person taking the fame as aforesaid, and shall be sufficient in lieu of all and every Oaths and Oath required by any Law in force in Ireland to be taken by any such Surety.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require the Person or Persons charged with any Crime, and for whole Appearance any Recognizance shall be about to be entered into, or any Person or Persons who shall become personally bound to keep the Peace, or any Person or Persons who shall or may hereafter become bound for the Profecution of any Person or Persons charged with any criminal Offence, to take such Part of the said Oath as relates to such Person or Persons being a Houfeholder, or to his, her or their being respectively worth the Sum or Sums of Money for which he, she or they is and are respectively about to be bound, over and above all their just Debts ; but every such last mentioned Person and Persons shall, in like manner and form respectively, make Oath as to the Place, Parifh, Barony or Half Barony, and County, and the Town or City and Street therein, (if in a County of a Town or City,) in which he, she or they usually or actually reside.

IV.	And be it further enaffect, That all and every Juftice and Justices of the Peace, and all and every Magiftrate and other Person lawfully authorized to take Recognizances, who shall hereafter no* gle£t or refuse to return the Recognizances taken before him alone, or before him and any other Magiftrate or Person or Persons so authorized to take the fame, in manner hereinafter mentioned, or shall neglect or refuse to insert in any Recognizance taken before him, solely or with any other or others as aforesaid, the proper Name and Names and Addition or Additions of the Person or Persons entering into the fame, according to the Provilions of this A6I, or shall neglect or refuse to administer the Oaths refpe£fively herein before directed and appointed to be administered in manner so directed, shall for every such NegleCt or Refufal (in addition to such Sum as the Judge or Judges of Aflize may think fit at the respective Aflizes to impose upon any such Juftice and Jultices of the Peace, or such Magiftrate or other Person aforesaid, by way of Fine for such NegleCt or Refufal) forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered against him by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Ma-jefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin, by any Person or Persons who will prosecute or sue for the fame ; wherein no EfToign, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or more than One Imparlance shall be granted.

V.	And be it further enaCJed, That the several Clerks of the Crown and Peace throughout Ireland shall, on the Fir ft Day of every Term next ensuing the time of holding any Commifilon of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, and Seffions of the Peace refpeCtively, in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, in Ireland, return to the Comptroller of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, diftinCt Eftreats of such Recognizances as aforesaid as shall have been forfeited, and such Fines as shall have been imposed thereat refpeCtively ; (fave only such Fines as shall have been imposed on Persons aCtually committed to impri-fonment by the Court imposing such Fine, and for the fame Offence

O 3	for

fame Paper with Recognizance.

Principals charged and bound to appear, or to keep the Peace, or to prosecute Offenders, shall he fvvorn only to their Refidence*

Justices, Scc. neglecting to return Recognizances, or to insert Names, &c. or to administer the said Oaths,

Penalty.

Clerks of the Crown and Peace in Ireland, on the First Day of Term after Seffions, &c. to return to Comptroller of the Pipe in the Exchequer, Eftreats of Recognizances forfeited and Fines imposed. Exception.

Hosted

198

C. 56.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Cleiks of Nifi Prius to make Returns.

Return of Effects of forfeited Recognizances and Fines (Fall foecify the Names and the Refidence of the Parties.

Oath by the several Clerks returning Eftreats in l’erfon.

Form of the Oath.

for which such Fine /hall have been imposed ;) and that the several Clerks of Nifi Prius in Ireland /hall also, on the First Day of every E after and Michaelmas Term, in like manner return to the said Comptroller of the Pipe Eftreats of all Fines (fave as aforesaid) which /hall have been imposed at the several Sittings of Nifi Prius held in and for the City or County of Dublin, and at every Afiizes in every County, and County of a City or Town in Ireland; and if in any of the said cases there /hall be no such Eftreats, then the said several Persons /hall in every such case make return accord-ingly.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Adi all Clerks of the Court of King’s Bench, Clerks of the Court of Common Pleas, Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace, Clerks of the Nifi Prius, and others to whom it belongs to make Returns of Eftreats into the Exchequer, /hall make the said Returns to the Comptroller of the Pipe ; and that every Return of any Eftreat or Eftreats /hall be made so that the fame /hall contain as well the Name and Addition of the particular Person or Persons respectively. who are thereby returned as having their Recognizances forfeited and eftreated, or having had Fines imposed upon them in the respective Courts from whence the said Returns are or /hall be respectively made and eftreated, as also the Name of the Place where such Person or Persons usually reside, together with the Name of the Townland, Pari/h and Barony or Half Barony, and County or Town, or City and Street therein (if in a County of a Town or City), in which such Place or Places ol Refidence is or are respectively iituated.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Adt, all Clerks of the Court of King’s Bench, Clerks of the Court of Common Pleas, Clerks of Afiize or of Nifi Prius, Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace, and others to whom it belongs, or /hall or may belong, to make Returns of Eftreats into the Exchequer, shall, upon Delivery of such Eftreats to the Comptroller of the Pipe, when the fame /hall be so delivered by them in Person respectively, take the Oath following ; (that is to fay,)

*	T	do swear, That these Eftreats now by

*	me delivered are truly and carefully made up and examined, 4 and that all Fines, I/Tues and Amerciaments, Recognizances and ‘ Forfeitures, which were fet, loft, imposed or forfeited, and in right

*	and due Courfe of Law ought to be eftreated into the Court of 4 Exchequer, are, to the best of my Knowledge, Underftanding and ‘ Belief, therein contained ; and that in the fame Eftreats are also ‘ contained and expressed all such Fines as have been paid into the c Court from which the said Eftreats have been made, without any e fraudulent or wilful Difcharges Omission, Mifnomer or Defecft i whatsoever; and that, in these Eftreats now by me delivered, the ( Names and Additions of the several Persons respectively mentioned 4 therein, together with their respective Places of Refidence, and 4 the Parifhes, Baronies, Half Baronies and Counties, and Town 4 and City, and Street therein, in which such Places of Refidence 4 are respectively situated, are truly and faithfully fet forth according 4 to the best of my Knowledge, Underftanding and Belief.

• So help me GOD.’ Which

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

5r GEO. III.

C, 56.

199

Form of Oath of Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace, where they cannot deliver the Eftreats into the Exchequer in Person.

Which said Oath the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, or any One of them, are and is hereby required and empowered to administer from time to time accordingly,

VIII. And be itl further enacted, That the Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace, to whom it belongs to make Returns of Eftreats into the Exchequer, if it ftiall not be convenient to them to deliver such Eftreats into the Court of Exchequer in Person, shall and may, in the Place of the said Oath, take and subscribe the Oath following ; (that is to fay,)

4 J	do	swear,	That	thefe	Eftreats	now

4 by me subscribed are truly and carefully made up and exam-4 ined, and that all Fines, Iflues and Amerciaments, Recognizances 4 and Forfeitures, which were fet, loft, imposed or forfeited, and in 4 right and due Courfe of Law ought to be eftreated into the Court 4 of Exchequer, are to the best of my Knowledge, Underftanding 4 and Belief therein contained ; and that in the fame Eftreats are 4 also contained and expressed all such Fines as have been paid into 4 the Court from which the said Eftreats have been made, without 4 any fraudulent or wilful Difcharge, O miilion, Mifnomer or DefedI 4 whatsoever; and that I will not erase or alter, or cause or con-4 sent to be erased or altered these Eftreats or any Part thereof;

4 and that, in these Eftreats now by me subscribed, the Names and 4 Additions of the several Persons therein mentioned respectively,

4 together with their respective Places of Refidence, and the Pa-4 rifhes, Baronies, Half Baronies, and Counties, or Town, or City,

4 and Street therein, in which such Places of Refidence are refpec-4 tively situate, are truly and faithfully fet forth according to the 4 best of my Knowledge, Underftanding and Belief.

4 So help me GOD.*

Which said Oath a Commiflioner for taking Affidavits in the said Court of Exchequer is hereby empowered to administer from time to time in the Prefence of Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Oath shall be taken ; and the said Commiflioner and Justices shall subscribe the said Oath, and the said Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace shall, in the Prefence of the said Com-miffioner and Justices, carefully seal up the said Eftreats in a Paper Cover, and shall affix his Seal thereto; and the said Commiflioner and Justices shall also affix their Seals thereto ; and the said Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace shall cause the said Eftreats, so sealed up, to be carefully delivered to the Comptroller of the Pipe in the said Court of Exchequer.

IX.	And be it further eriacted, That from and after the taking By whom only,

of the said Oaths respectively, the Fines and Recognizances therein a^tcr such Oaths, referred to respectively shall not be reduced, mitigated or altered by	Tay	be

any Court or Judge, or by any Person or Persons whatsoever, save re uce *

only by the Commissioners of Reducements, or in the manner hereinafter mentioned.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Eftreats so to be delivered Eftreats not re-from the said Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace in man- ce^ed Comp-ner last mentioned shall not be received by the Comptroller of the pw,e unlefsOath Pipe, unless, at the time of delivering the fame. Oath shall be made made that they in the said Court, or before One of the Barons thereof, (which Oath have not been the Barons of the said Court, or one of them, are and is hereby au- opened or alter-

O 4*	thorized	ed*

Hosted

200

C. 56.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

On the lad Day bf every Term, Comptroller of the Pipe to deliver to the Court of Exchequer in open Court a Lift of all Pei tons bound to return any Eilreats, &c.

What such Lift is tospecify, and Procedings thereon.

Comptroller and

Solicitor

neglecting,

Attachment and Penalty 50I.

Comptroller of the Pipe to issue to Sheriff Second Summons for levying Fines, &c.

All Eftreats on which no Procefs of the Pipe shall have issued, to be delivered to Comptroller,&c.

thorized and required to administer,) by the Perfoii who shall have received the fame from the said Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace, for the Purpofe of delivering the fame to the said Comptroller of the Pipe, that the Eftreats or any of them have not been opened or altered since the fame were so received for the Purpofe aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the last Day of every Term the Comptroller of the Pipe shall at the fitting of the Court of Exchequer deliver in open Court to the Chief Baron, or in his Abfence to the senior Puifne Baron present, a Statement in Writing of all the feverai Officers and Persons by whom any such Eftreats ought to have been returned in the said Term as aforesaid, and shall therein specify particularly which of such Persons have or hath duly made such Returns, and which of them have or hath neglected or omitted to make such Return, and shall, if required by the said Court, verify such Statement on Oath in open Court.; and such Comptroller of the Pipe shall on the faffie Court Day of each Term deliver a Copy thereof to the Solicitor for the casual Revenue, who shall enter, as of course, a Rule for a Fine of Twenty Pounds against every Person mentioned in such Statement as having neglected or omitted to make such Return, unless such Person shall make such Return within Four Days if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, and within Ten Days if in any other Part of Ireland ; and the said Solicitor for the casual Revenue shall at the Expiration of such time respectively make such Rule absolute as of course, and shall thereupon issue an Attachment against such Person as of course, and without further Notice; and if any such Comptroller shall neglect or omit to deliver in such Statement as aforesaid, or shall omit therefrom the Names of any Person who ought to be included therein, or shall make any false Statement therein, not being required to verify the fame on Oath, or shall omit to furnish such Copy as aforesaid to the Solicitor of the casual Revenue ; or if the Solicitor for the casual Revenue shall omit to enter or make absolute such Rule, or to issue such Attachment, such Comptroller and Solicitor for the casual Revenue respectively shall be punished for such Omif-fion or Neglect by Fine and Attachment at the Difcretion of the said Court, and shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and levied by and under the summary Order of the Court, by any Person who shall duly apply for the fame.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the Comptroller of the Pipe shall, on every such Return of Eftreats, issue the Second Summons of the Pipe for the levying of all Sums of Money contained in such Eftreats, save as aforesaid, out of the Goods, Bodies and Lands of the respective Debtors named in such Process; and such Procefs shall be directed to the feverai Sheriffs of Counties, Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns and Diftridts respectively, in which the feverai Debtors appear respectively to reside.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Eftreat and Eftreats which at the Commencement of this Adt shall remain or be in any Office of or in the said Court of Exchequer, other than the Office of the Comptroller of the Pipe, and on which no Procefs of the Pipe shall have actually issued, shall be then forthwith delivered over to the Comptroller of the Pipe, who shall cause the Procefs of the Pipe, and all subsequent Proceedings, according to the manner and Form and for the Purpofes prescribed by this Adi, to be iffued

and

Hosted

A.D.1817.	57°	GEO. III.	C.56.

and had on all such E(treats so delivered over to him, and also on all Eftreats which shall then remain or be in his Office, and whereon no Procefs of the Pipe shall have previously issued.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That such Procefs shall be issued by the Comptroller of the Pipe within Ten Days after the End of every Hilary and Trinity Term, and shall be returnable on the first Return Day of the next Hilary Term, and such Procefs shall and may from time to time be renewed and issued as often as Occa-fion shall require; and such Comptroller shall cause every such Procefs to be delivered to the Sheriffs refpe£tively to whom the fame shall be directed, without any unnecessary Delay.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That the several Sheriffs, to whom such Procefs shall be directed, shall have the fame Powers to levy the Debts therein to be comprised, and in executing such Process, whether by summoning and empannelling Juries, or holding Inquiries upon the several Matters aforesaid, or in any other way, as Sheriffs in Ireland had by Law in such cases previous to the passing of the said A6ls so hereby repealed respectively.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such Sheriff shall, in the first Place, resort to the Goods of every Person against whom any such Procefs shall be issued, for the levying thereout of the Debts due by them refpe£tively, or so much thereof as such Goods shall be sufficient to answer ; and shall not in any case resort to the Body or Lands of any such Person, if such Debts can be leyied out of his or her Goods.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That there shall be allowed to every such Sheriff the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight pence on every Twenty Shillings which shall have been actually levied by him for or in respect of any forfeited Recognizance, in lieu of all other Allowances in that respect ; and the like Sum on every Twenty Shillings for which any Person or Persons shall have been taken by such Sheriff or Sheriffs for or on account of any Recognizance forfeited ; and a Sum of Three Shillings and Four pence on every Twenty Shillings which shall have been adftually levied by him for or in respect of any Fine in such Procefs as aforesaid ; and a like Sum for every Twenty Shillings for which any Person or Persons shall have been actually. taken by such Sheriff or Sheriffs, under such Procefs as aforesaid, for or in respect of any Fine.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That every Sheriff shall, at every Affizes within their respective Jurifdi£tions, return to the Justices of Affize a Certificate containing the Flames of the several Persons in their Cuftody respectively, under any Procefs issued for or by reason of any Fine or Fines imposed, or any Recognizance or Recognizances forfeited, at any antecedent Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, Affize or Nifi Prius, within such County, County of a City or County of a Town, and who were in their Cuftody at any time during the then next preceding Affizes for such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or have been since committed to them ; and shall also at every General Seffions of the Peace return to the Court a like Certificate of Persons committed under any Procefs issued for or by reason of any Fine or Fines imposed, or Recognizance or Recognizances forfeited, at any antecedent Seffions of the Peace for such County, County of a City or County of a Town, and who were in their Cuftody at any time

during

201

When such Procefs to be ilTucd and made returnable.

Sheriffs to have the usual Powers of levying.

Sheriff to levy on Goods before retorting to Body or Lands of Debtor.

Allowance to Sheriff on Levy or Arreft.

Sheriffs to return to Jultices of Afsize, &c. a Certificate of Names of Pri-foners.

Hosted

20i

C.5G.

57n GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Gaoler to verify Fuch Certificate on Oath.

Certificate and Affidavit annexed to Eilreats.

Sheriff, chargeable with Suras for which Prisoners were committed.

In what case Sheriff exonerated by Order of Difcharge from Exchequer, &c.

Poundage to Sheriff.

In case of false Return to Writs, although not wilful, Court may fine Sheriff or Under Sheriff on Application.

Cofts of Application.

during the next preceding Seflions of the Peace, or at any time since ; and every such Certificate as aforesaid shall fet forth the times when such Perfous were respectively committed to Prifon, and the Sums for which they were so in Cuftody, and whether any and which of such Persons then remain in their Cuftody, and if so, how long such Persons respectively have been in actual Confinement for such Cause, and if not then in Cuftody, then by what Authority and at what time they were respectively discharged ; and the Gaoler of every such Sheriff shall verify the said Certificate by Affidavit, to be fvvorn before such Juffices of Aflize, or in case of a Return to the Seflions, before any Two Juffices of the Peace (which any Two Juffices of the Peace are hereby authorized and required in such case to administer) ; and such Certificate and Affidavit shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Grown of the County, or if at Seflions, with the Clerk of the Peace, who shall annex the fame to the Eilreats of all forfeited Recognizances returned by them respectively pursuant to this Adt.

XIX.	And be it further enabled, That all Sheriffs in whose Cuflody any such Persons as aforesaid shall be as aforesaid shall be chargeable with all Sums for which such Persons were so in Cuftody respectively, in the same manner as they are now by Law chargeable for Fines on Persons convicted of any criminal Offences and committed to them for such Fines, and the Comptroller of the Pipe shall issue his usual Procefs against such Sheriffs for the fame accordingly.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That where any Person for whom any Sheriff or Sheriffs shall have become chargeable as aforesaid shall not remain in the Cuftody of such Sheriff or Sheriffs, then such Sheriff or Sheriffs shall, upon his or their producing an Order of the said Court of Exchequer in any case, or of Juffices of Afsize, or of a Court of General Seflions of the Peace in cases cognizable by them respectively for the Difcharge of any fuch' Person, be exonerated from the Sum for which such Person so discharged was committed.

XXI.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Sheriff shall have, receive or be entitled unto any Benefit of Poundage or Allowance under or by virtue of this Adi, unless such Sheriff shall pay into the Receipt of the Exchequer, according to the Courfe of the Court, the Sum with which he shall be chargeable.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriff shall, for want of exercising due Diligence, make a false Return, not knowing the fame to be false, with respect to any of the Persons mentioned in the said Writs or Procefs which shall be directed and delivered to him, that it shall be lawful for the Court of Exchequer, on Application made to the Court in that Behalf, to inquire summarily into the Truth of the Charge, and if they shall find that the fame is true, to fine the Sheriff, by or in whose Name finch Return shall have been made, or his Under Sheriff, in a Sum equal to the full Amount of the Sum which the said Sheriff was by the Writ or Procefs ordered to levy of the Person with respect to whom such false Return shall have been made, together with the full Cofts of such Application, and to enforce the fame by Attachment against such Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, as the Court shall judge expedient.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff or other Person employed in levying or collecting any

1	3	°f

Hosted

A.D-1817*

57° GEO* III.

C .56.

203

of the said Debts or Sums of Money, shall aik or take or receive any Fee, Gift, Gratuity or Reward whatsoever, of the Person or Persons liable to pay the fame, nor of any other Person, for or upon Pretence of fach levying or collecting, or for or upon Pretence of forbearing to levy or collect the fame, or any Part or Proportion thereof; and in case any Sheriff shall nihil or not duly anfvver to the Crown any Debt or Sum of Money which shall have been levied, collected or received by him, such Sheriff for every such Offence shall forfeit Treble Damages to the Party aggrieved, and double the Sum nihiled and not duly anfvvered as aforesaid, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors ; which said Damages and Penalty shall be ordered, decreed and given by the Court of Exchequer, on Complaint and Proof of such Abufe as aforesaid, made and exhibited before the Barons of the said Court, in such summary Way and Method as to them shall seem meet ; and in case any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff or other Person so employed as aforesaid, shall demand, take or receive any Sum or Sums of Money, Gift, Gratuity or Reward of any Kind whatsoever, or any Security, Promife or Engagement of or for any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Gift, Gratuity or Reward of any Kind whatsoever, be the fame more or less, of any Person whomsoever, for or in respect or upon Pretence of executing any Green Wax Procefs of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, or for or in refpeCl or upon Pretence of Fees due to them, or any of them, for collecting or receiving the fame, or for not executing or for delaying to execute any such Procefs or any Warrant issued thereon, or shall accept of a less Sum upon Account, or in Payment or Difcharge of any such Procefs or Warrant than as in such Warrant or Procefs is mentioned; then and in all and every such case, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully conviCted, shall be deemed guilty of Extortion ; and every Person, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall Forfeit for every such Offence, to the Party aggrieved in such Procefs or Warrant, the Amount of the Sum ordered to be levied by such Procefs or Warrant, and double the Sum so extorted, together with full Cofts of Suit, to be recovered by ACtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the superior Courts of Record in Dublin.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer to award and order in a summary Way, to every or any Person or Persons. charged in such Process, such Damages, Penalties and Cofts, not exceeding the Amount aforesaid refpeCtively, as such Court shall think reasonable ; and thereupon such Offender shall not be liable to any ACtion or Indictment for such Offence; and every such Order and Award shall have the fame EffeCt and Force, to all Intents and Purposes, as any other Order of the fame Court; and the said Cofts, Damages and Penalties shall be raised and levied by such Process, Ways and Methods as are used in the said Court to enforce a Compliance with any other Order of the fame Court.

XXV.	And be it further enaCled, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the Commencement of this ACt, for all and every Person and Persons who shall hereafter forfeit any Recognizance or Recognizances, or incur any Fine or Fines, or against whom any Eftreat or Eftreats shall or may hereafter issue, by virtue of this ACI or other wife, and who shall find himself, herself or themselves refpeCtively

Sheriffs, See. not to receive Fee for levy ing or forbearing to levy.

Sheriff nihiling or neglecting to anfvver to the Crown for any Sum actually levied.

Penalty.

Sheriff,Sec. taking Fee or Gift on executing or forbearing to execute any Green Wax Procefs.

Penalty.

Court of Exchequer may award Damages to Party charged in a summary Way.

Parties aggrieved by Forfeiture of Recognizance, See. may appeal to Commiffion-ers of Reduce-ments, who may remit Penalties.

Hosted

204

C. 56.

57 GEO. III.

A.D.

Per Cons obtaining Order for Relief from such Commissioners to serve the lame on Comptroller of the Pipe, who is to file the fame.

Poundage on Sums reduced paid to ShtrifiF by Person obtaining Order of Reducemont.

Coutt of Exchequer or Affize or Seffions may relieve Parlies in Cufiody.

Order thereon filed, an Acquittance to Sheriff.

Orders at Stf-fions to be made with Concur-

fpe&ively aggrieved thereby, to go before His Majefty’s Comrnif* oners of Reducements, who are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into the respective Circumftances of the case in a summary manner; and if they shall fee sufficient Reafon so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to remit the Whole or any Part of such Recognizance, Fine or Eftreat, as they shall think fit.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if such Person or Persons shall so have gone before His Majefty’s said Commissioners in manner aforesaid, and that they shall have thought fit altogether to remit or partially to reduce the Sum or Sums contained in the said Recognizance or Recognizances, Fine or Fines, Eftreat or Eftreats, then and in that case the said Person or Persons who shall refpetftively have obtained an Order of the said Commissioners for that Purpofe shall, within Six Days from the time of obtaining the fame, serve the said Order upon the Comptroller of the Pipe, or bis known Deputy, at his Office in Dublin; and the said Comptroller of the Pipe is thereupon required to file the fame in his Office, and not to issue Procefs thereon, or to issue such Pro-cefs according to the Terms of the said Order, as the case may require.

XXVII.	Provided also, and be it enabled, That in case any such Fines and Recognizances which shall be so reduced or mitigated by His Majefty’s Commissioners of Reducements, shall have been actually levied by any Sheriff, and not paid by him into the Exchequer, that then and in every such case no Allowance shall be made for Poundage on the Debit of any such Sheriff for any such reduced Fines or Recognizances, but that the Poundage or Allowance, provided as aforesaid, on inch Fines and Recognizances refpe£tively* shall be paid to such Sheriff by the Person in whose Favour or for whose Benefit the Order of Reducement shall be made, which shall be so expressed in such Order, and every such Sheriff may accord-ingly deduct the said Poundage upon repaying the Sums so levied.

XXVIII.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall hereafter be in the Cuftody of any Sheriff or Sheriffs under any of the Provifions of this AC! for the Non Payment of any Sum or Sums, shall petition His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in any case, or the Judges of Affize upon the refpe£tive Circuits, or the Court of General Seffions of the Peace in the cases directed to be certified to them refpeCtively as aforesaid, the said Court of Exchequer, and the said Judges of Affize and Court of General Seffions of the Peace refpeCtively fiiall examine into the FaCts of the said Petitions refpeCtively in a summary manner ; and it fiiall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer and Judges of Affize and Court of General Seffions of the Peace respectively to grant an Order or Warrant (as the case may be) under their Hands to dif-charge any Perfou or Persons so in Cuftody, and petitioning them respectively as aforesaid, if they fiiall refpeCtively fee sufficient Reafon so to do ; which Order or Warrant, upon being filed with the Comptroller of the Pipe, fiiall refpeCtively be an Acquittance to the said respective. Sheriffs for the Sum and Sums for which the Person or Perfon9 so discharged was or were in Cuftody.

XXIX.	Provided also, and be it enabled, That no such Order or Warrant of the Court of General Seffions of the Peace shall be valid mnlefs made with the Concurrence and under the Hand of the Affift-

ant

Hosted by 3Qgle

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.

205

Sec.

Petitioners in County Gaol may be removed to the Bridewell of any Town where the Sef-fions are held.

&c.

ant Barrifter of the County in which such Court of General Sefiions rence, &c. of Af-fhall be, or in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, unless fifont Barrifter, made with the Concurrence and under the Hand of the Recorder.

XXX.	And in order that all Persons who shall be entitled to petition any such Court of General Sefiions as aforesaid may be enabled so to do, be it enatsted, That whenever the General Sefiions of the Peace for any County in Ireland shall be held in any City or Town of such County, other than that in or near to which the County Gaol shall be, the Sheriff of such County shall at any time, not more than One Week before the First Day of such Sefiions, and he is hereby required to cause each and every Prisoner in such Gaol, who shall be entitled to petition such Court, and shall desire the fame, to be removed at the Expenfe of such Person to the Bridewell of such Town where such Sefiions shall be so held, and to detain them respectively therein so long as may be necessary for the Purpofes of such Petition ; and, before the End of One Week from the last Day of such Sefiions, to cause such of them as shall not be discharged to be removed again to the County Gaol.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That if the Petition in any such In cases of afieg-

case shall allege the Poverty or Inability of the Petitioner to pay the ecl Poverty of Amount of the Sum or Sums for which he or file shall be so in	1 uire

Cuftody, the Court or Judge, in examining into such Petition, shall jfp^tioner^can-inquire whether such Petitioner may not be of Ability or have the not pay Part of Power to pay and discharge some and what Part or Proportion of the Sum due, the Sum or Sums for which he or she shall be so confined ; and such Court or Judge shall not on the said Ground of Poverty or Inability order such Petitioner to be so discharged, except on the Payment of such Part or Proportion of such Sum or Sums as he or she may so have the Power to pay and discharge ; and if such Petitioner shall have been a Surety in a forfeited Recognizance, then the Court or Judge shall also inquire when and by what Means such Person became unable to pay such Amount; and unless such Court or Judge shall be satisfied that such Inability arose without Fraud, Contrivance or wilful Default, after the time of entering into such Recognizance, such Court or Judge shall not order that such Person be discharged until after the End of Four Calendar Months at the lead from the Commencement of his or her Imprifonment under such Procefs.

XXXII. And be it further enabled, That in any case in which such Petitioner shall have been fined, or shall have been the Principal in any Recognizance in which he or she shall be so in Cuftody, such Court or Judge shall also inquire into the Nature of the Offence for which such Fine shall have been imposed, or of the Charge in con-fequence of which such Recognizance shall have been entered into, and under what Circumftances the fame was forfeited ; and in case such Petitioner shall be so in Cuftody under any Recognizance to answer or appear to any Charge, and shall after the Forfeiture of such Recognizance have been tried and acquitted of such Charge, such Court or Judge shall inquire whether on such Trial all the Witneftes for the Profecution attended and were examined; and if .not, then whether by the Forfeiture of such Recognizance the Attendance of any such Witnefs was in any refpecSl prevented ; and if such Petitioner shall be a Surety, then such Court or Judge shall inquire whether such Surety used due Diligence to make the Principal

amenable

In what case not to discharge such Person until after Four Months.

Where Petitioner is the Party fined, or is the Principal in any forfeited Recognizance, the Court Hull inquire into all the Circumftances of the case before granting Relief.

Hosted

206

Order valid.

Clerks of the Crown and Peace, at Termination of the Aflizes or Sef-fions, to post a Lift of Recognizances forfeited, Sec. and deliver Copy coTreafurer of County.

Infpe&ion thereof. Clerk of the Crown, &c. offending,

Penalty 5I.

Provifo for Rights of Corporation to Fines.

Sheriff, See. on A6tion may plead General Iffue.

C. 56.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1817*

amenable to the Law 5 and in all and every of such cases the said Court or Judges or Judge of Aflize shall have full Power and Authority, if they or he shall think proper, to order the Difcharge of such Petitioner, either generally or after such Length of time as such Court or Judges or Judge in his or their Difcretion shall think ht, having refpetl to the Circumftances of the case, and the Length of time that such Petitioner shall have been in Cuftody previous to the making of such Order, and to the Object and PurpoTes of this A61; and such Order in such Form shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That the several Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace throughout Ireland shall, within Three Days after the Termination of the several Aflizes or Seflions of the Peace respectively in every County, County of a City, and County of a Town, cause to be polled on the Door of the Court House or Seflions House of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town where such Aflizes or Seflions were held, and if such Seflions were held in any Place other than the County Town, then also on the Door of the Court House in such County Town, a true Lift, signed and subscribed by such Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace, of all the Recognizances forfeited and Fines eftreated at such Aflizes or Seflions respectively, specifying the Names, Defcriptions and Refidences of the Persons against whom such Eftreats shall have been made ; and shall also deliver or transmit to the Treafurerof the County, County of a City or Town in which such Aflizes or Seflions were holden, a Copy of such Lift; and such Treasurer shall permit all Persons to infpe£l such Copy who shall apply for that Purpofe at his Office at any reasonable time of the Day ; and if any Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace shall omit or neglect to cause such Lift to be polled as aforesaid, or to deliver or transmit a Copy thereof to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or Town, such Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in a summary manner before any One Juftice of the Peace of such County, County of a City or Town respectively.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to deprive any Corporation, or any Person or Persons, of any Rights which they now have under their respective Charters or Patents, to any Fine6, Amerciaments or Recognizances whatsoever.

XXXV.	And be it further enabled, That if any A6lion upon the case, Trefpass, Battery or Falfe Imprifonment, shall be brought, against any such Sheriff as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons, who in his Aid or Aflistance, or by his Commandment, shall do any thing touching his aforesaid Office, or for or concerning any Matter, Caufe or thing by them or any of them done by reason thereof, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in every such A&ioii to plead thereunto the General Iffue of not guilty, and to give the Special Matter of Evidence to the Jury who shall try the fame ; and if upon such Trial a Verdidl shall be had for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Defendant or Defendants shall have Judgment upon Demurrer, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall be non-fuifced or Fuffcr any Difcontinuance thereof, that in every such cafe

Hosted

A.D.181.7*

57° GEO. III.

C.56, 57.

207

the Defendant or Defendants shall have his or their Treble Cofts, which he or they shall have sustained by reason of such Action or Suit, for which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have the like Remedy as in other cases where Cofts by Law are given to the Defendant.

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled, That this A<51 may be amended, altered or repealed during the present Seflion of Parliament.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That this A£t and every Claufe and Provifion therein contained shall commence and have Effetft on and from the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and not sooner.

CAP. LVII.

An A£l to empower His Majesty to suspend Training, and to

regulate the Quotas of the Militia.	[30th	June 1817.]

4 IT THE RE AS it is expedient that His Majesty should be em-< YV powered to suspend the calling out the Militia for the 1 Purpofe of being trained and exercised, and also to cause the 4 Quotas of the several Counties to be regulated Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order or Orders in Couneil, to suspend the calling out of the Militia of the United Kingdom, or any Part of the United Kingdom, or of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town or Place, for the Purpofe of being trained and exercised in any Year, and to order and direct that no training or exercising of the Militia of the United Kingdom, or of any Part of the United Kingdom, or of any County or Counties, Riding or Ridings, Shire or Shires, Stewartry or Stewartries, City or Cities, Town or Towns or Place or Places, specified in any such Order or Orders in Couneil, shall take place in any Year; any thing contained in any Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 II. And Whereas by an Adi passed in the Forty second Year c of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled /In A8 for amending i the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting c the Militiay the Quotas of the Militia of the several Counties,

4 Ridings, Shires, Cities, Towns and Places in Great Britain were c specified, and Providons made for settling and ascertaining other c Quotas at Periods specified in the said Adi ; but the Quotas fpe-* cified in the said Adi have since remained and continued, but may 4 require to be regulated before the Expiration of the next Period 4 specified in the said Adi; and it is therefore expedient that His 4 Majesty should be empowered to cause the Quotas of the Militia 4 to be regulated when the fame may become necessary Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that the Quotas of the several and respective Counties, Ridings, Shires, Cities, Towns and Places in Great Britain, shall be ascertained, fettled, appointed and fixed by His Majefty’s Privy Couneil, in the Manner specified in the said Acft, if His Majesty shall deem it necessary, before the Expiration of the next Period fixed

Treble Cofts.

Aft may be amended, &c. this Seftion.

Commencement of Aft.

His Majesty may suspend the training and exercising the Militia.

42 G. 3. c. 90.

His Majesty rnay order Quotas of Militia of Great Britain to be fixed before the Expiration of the next Period specified ir. recited Aft.

Hosted

208

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

C.57.

in the said Ad for settling and ascertaining such Quotas; and all such Quotas, when so ascertained, fettled, appointed, and fixed in pursuance of any such Order of His Majesty, shall be deemed to be Quotas ascertained, fettled and fixed under the Provifions of the said Ad ; and all such Proceedings shall be had thereon, for the Purpofe of giving Effed thereto, and apportioning the fame refped-ively among the Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divifions of each County, Riding, Shire, City, Town or Place, and the several Pari flies, T.ithings and Places therein respectively, in like manner in any respect, and all Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in any Ad or Ads relating to the Militia of Great Britain shall be used, applied and enforced for giving effect to such Quotas and xYpportion-ments, and carrying the Laws relating to the Militia into Execution in relation thereto, in like manner in every respect, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Quotas had been ascertained, fettled and fixed at any Period specified in the said recited Ad ; any thing contained in the said recited Ad, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the Militia, to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 III. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Officers, Ser-4 jeants or other Persons enlisting Men to serve the United Company 4 of Merchants of England trading to the Eaji Indies, are subject to 4 the Penalties, Forfeitures and Provifions contained in the said re-* cited Ad of the Forty second Year aforesaid, in relation to en-4 lifting into His Majefty’s other Forces Men enrolled or engaged 4 to serve in the Militia ; and whether Militia men so enlisting or 4 Militia men offering themselves to serve for any other Parifh or 4 Place than the Parifh or Place for which they are first enrolied,

4 are within the Provifions of the said Ad contained in relation to 4 offering to be enrolled in any other Regiment, Battalion or Com-4 pany of Militia ;* For Remedy whereof be it declared and enacted, Enlifting Militia- That every Officer, Serjeant or Person who shall wilfully or know, men for the East ingly enlist any Man to serve the United Company of Merchants of India Company s £ngJanJ trading to the EaJl Indies, who at the time of such enlisting shall be enrolled or engaged to serve in the Militia, shall be and be deemed to be within the Provifions of the said recited Ad, and shall be subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained for enlisting Militia men to serve in His Majefty’s other Forces ; and that every Militia man offering to enlist to serve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the EaJl Indies, who shall deny to the Officer, Serjeant or other Person recruiting Men for such Service, that he is at the time of such offering a Militia man, or who shall offer himself to be enrolled and be enrolled as a Militia man for any other Parifh or Place than the Parifh or Place for which he shall be then enrolled and serving, although in the fame Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall be subject and liable to the Provifions in the said Ad contained for the Punifhment and subsequent Service of Militia men offering to enlist in His Majefty’s other Foroes, or to be enrolled and serve in any other Regiment, Battalion cr Corps of Militia ; any thing in the said recited Ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

4 IV. And Whereas by Two Ads passed in theForty second Year 4 of His present Majefty’s Reign, relating to the Militias of England

4 and

Service,

Penalty. Militiamen offering to be enrolled for another Pariftt.

Puniftiment.

Hosted by

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

G 57, 58.

209

c and Scotland respectively, the Number of Serjeants, Corporals and

4 Drummers to be appointed to the Militia, when not in adiual Ser-

< vice, was fixed at the following Proportions ; that is to fay. One

i Serjeant and One Corporal to every Thirty Private Men, and One

‘ Drummer to every Company, with the Addition of One Drummer

6 to each Flank Company of Regiments or Battalions consisting of

4 more than Five Companies : And Whereas it is expedient that His

4 Majesty should be empowered to diminish those Numbers Be it

further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Number of Scr-

Order or Orders signed by His Majesty's Secretary of State, to di- jeants, Ccrp&rnls

red that the Number of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers to be	Drurnmeis

retained in the Militia on permanent Pay, when not in actual Service,	J	111

/i i c n	i	.	~	^	i	/~\	^	.	tJi6 AUlitia on

mail be as follows ; that is to lay, One Serjeant and One Corporal pay wj1en noc jn

to every Forty Private Men, and One Drummer for every Two actual Seme*.

Companies, with an Addition of One Drummer for each Flank

Company of Regiments or Battalions consisting of Five or more

Companies.

CAP. LVIII.

An Aft to allow Briti/h Goods to be exported direct from this Country to the United States of America upon the fame Terms as when exported to any Foreign Country.

[30th June 1817.]

*	TXT^EREAS by a Convention of Commerce between Great Convention bc-

4 W Britain and the United States of America, signed at Lon- tween.G. B. and 4 don on the Third Day of July One thousand eight hundred and 4 fisteen, in Article the Second it is provided amongst other Matters,

4 that no higher or other Duties or Charges be imposed in either of 4 the Two Countries on the Exportation of any Articles to His 4 Britannic Majesty's Territories in Europe or to the United States 4 respectively, than such as are payable on the Exportation of the like 4 Articles to any other Foreign Country; And Whereas by an Aft 4 palled in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in- 56 G.;3 c. t j.

4 tituled An Adt to carry into Ejfe& a Convention of Commerce con- 5 4 eluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, it is 4 enacted, that upon the Exportation from the United Kingdom of 4 any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Production or 4 Manufafture of the said United Kingdom, or any of His Ma-4 jelly's Territories in Europe, direct to any of the Territories of

•	the United States of America, in any Ship or VefTel built in the

4 said States or condemned as Prize there, and being owned by 4 Subjefts of the said States, and whereof the Mailer and Three 4 Fourths of the Mariners are also Subjefts of the said States, no 4 higher or other Duties shall be paid or payable than such as are 4 charged or imposed upon such Goods, Wares or Merchandize when 4 exported in a British built Ship or Veil'd navigated and registered 4 according to Law: And Whereas it is expedient that the said 4 United States of America should be placed, with refpett to the 4 Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Produce of 4 Great Britain exported thither, on the fame Footing as when the 4 fame are exported to any other Foreign .Country .whatever	Be it

therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and v/ith the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

57 Geo. III.	P	and

Hosted

210

C.5S, 5ljo

57° GEO. III.

From 3 July 1815, the fame Duties payable on Exportation of Britiflr Gooes to America as are payable on the like Exportation to any Foreign Country.

Where a greater Duty lias been paid the Treasury shall caufc it to be repaid.

Continuance of A£t.

27 G. 3. t.26.

§ 1.

25 G. 5. c.51. § 4-

44 G. 3. c. 98.

§ 1, 2. and Sch.

(B.)

42 G, 3. c. 100.

A.D.1817.

and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Third Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen the fame Duties shall be paid or payable on the Exportation of all Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, exported direct from thence to any Port or Place within the Territories of the United States of America in BritiJh built Ships owned, registered and navigated according to Law, or in Ships built in the United States of America, or condemned as Prize there, and being owned by Subjects of the said States, and whereof the Mailer and Three Fourths of the Mariners are also Subjedls of the said States, as are or shall be payable on the like Exportation to any other Foreign Country whatever.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commifiioners of His Majelly’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and directed, in all cases where a greater Duty has been charged and paid on the Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, to the United States in manner afore-said, than has been paid on the Exportation to any other Foreign Country, to cause the fame to be repaid.

III.	And be it further enacted, That this Adi shall continue in force so long as the Convention between His Majesty and the United Slates of America shall continue in force.

CAP. LIX.

A11 Ail for letting to Farm the Pofl Horse Duties, and for better securing and facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties.	[30th	June	1817.]

4 XT7 HE REAS by an Adi patted in the Twenty seventh Year 4 VV of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An AB to enable 4 the Lord High Treafurery or Commifiioners of the Treasury for the 4 time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an AB made in the 4 Twenty fifth Tear of His present Majefiy’s Reign on Horfes let to 4 Hire for travelling Pofi and by time, to such Persons as should be 4 willing to contraB for the fame, the Commifiioners of the Treasury 4 were empowered to let to Farm the several Duties on Horfes let 4 to Hire therein particularly fet forth and mentioned to have been 4 granted by the said Adi of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's 4 Reign, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, under certain 4 Regulations and Reflridlions expressed and contained in the said 4 Adt of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign : And 4 Whereas by an Ait patted in the Forty fourth Year of His Ma-4 jetty's Reign, intituled An AB to repeal the several Duties under 4 the Commifiioners for managing the Duties upon Jlamped Vellum, 4 Parchment and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and 4 additional Duties in lieu thereof the several Duties granted by the 4 said Adi of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign on 4 Horfes let to Hire as therein mentioned, and extended in certain 4 Cafes by an Adi patted in the Forty second Year of His Majesty's 4 Reign, Lor enlarging the-time for which Horfes might be let to 4 Hire without bein^ subject to any annual Duty, and other Pur-

4 poles,

Hosted

A,D. 1817%

57° GEO. III.

C. 59.

21)

4 poses, were repealed ; and in lieu thereof it was enafled, that from 4 and after the Tenth Day of Oftoler One thousand eight hundred

*	and four, there should be raised, levied, collefled and paid unto 4 His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccelTors, the several Duties follow-4 ing; (that is to fay,) For and in respect of every Horse, Mare 4 or Gelding hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling 4 in Great Britain, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every

*	Mile such Horse, Mare or Gelding should be hired to travel.j 4 and for and in respect of every Horse, Mare or Gelding hired for a 4 less Period of time than Twenty eight fuccefiive Days, for drawing

*	on any public Road any Coach or other Carriage used in travel-

*	ling Poll or otherwise, if the Diftance at the time of hiring should 4 be ascertained, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile 6 such Horse, Mare or Gelding should be hired to travel ; and for fi and in respect of every Horse, Mare or Gelding so hired as last c above mentioned, in any case where the Diftance should not at the 6 time of hiring be ascertained, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine 4 pence for each Day for which such Horse, Mare or Gelding should 4 be so hired, with an Exception of Horfes, Mares and Geldings 4 used in licensed Hackney Coaches, where the fame should be em-4 ployed to go no greater Diftance than Ten Miles from the City of 4 London or JVeJlminJleri or the Suburbs thereof; which Paid several 4 Duties are now feeured, raised, levied and collected by and under 4 the Provifions and Regulations of the said Afts of the Twenty 4 fifth and Forty second Years of His Majefty’s Reign relating to.

4	the said Duties so repealed as aforesaid, and . by and under the

4	Provifions and Regulations of another Aft palled in the Forty	48	G.	3.	r. 98.

' eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Aft for letting 4 to Farm the Duties on Horfes hired by the Mile or Stage to he used 4 in trayelling, and on Horfes hired for a less Period of time than 4 Twenty eight Days for drawing Carriages used in travelling Poft or ' otherwise, in Great Britain, and for better securing the said Duties ;

4 and by and under the Provifions and Regulations of another Act,

4	pafled in the Fifty first Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An	51	G.	3.	c.	76.

4	Aft for letting to Farm the Duties on Horfes hired by the Mile or

4 Stage to be used in travellings and on Horfes hired for a less Period 4 of time than Twenty eight Days for drawing Carriages used in

4	travelling Pojl or other wife, in Great Britain, and for facilitating

5	the Recovery of the said Duties; and also by and under the Pro-

4 visions and Regulations of another Aft, passed in the Fifty fourth 54 G< 3- r- r74> 4 Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft. for letting to Farm 4 the Poft Horse Duties: And Whereas the said Duties granted by 4 the said Aft of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, iiv 4 respect of Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner afore -4 said, are now let to Farm under the Authority of the said Aft 4 passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for a Term 4 of Years which will expire on the Thirty first Day of January One 4 thojufand eight hundred and eighteen : And Whereas it is ex-4 pedient that the said Duties should be let to Farm for a further 4 Term, and that other Provifions Ihould be made for better securing 4 and facilitating the Recovery of the laid Duties, in lieu of those 4 contained in the said Afts of the Forty second, Forty eighth, Fifty 4 first and Fifty fourth Years of His Majefty’s Reign May it therefore please Your Majeftyv that it may be enacted ; and be it

5	2 .	enafted

Hosted

C. 59.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

VI2

i’tcafuiy may let to Farm tile Duties on Horlcb, &c. granted by -44 G.3. c. 98.

Piovifo as to Term.

Powers and Provisions of 27 G. 3, c. 26. in force with regard to the Duties to be let t o Fprm under viiir

Treasury may prescribe time 3or making De-yufit bv Persons contracting to farm the Duties, at'd Amount riie reef.

Control or failing.

Contract void and Depokt tor-feittdj and Du-a:'. *n again.

enacted by The King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament allembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adi it shall be lawful for the Commillioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time as it shall be necessary, either by themselves or by the Commillioners of Stamps in Great Britain, or some of them, to be authorized for that Purpofe under the Hands of the laid Commillioners of the Treasury, or; any Three or more of them for the time being, to let to Farm the said several Duties granted by the said Adi of the Forty fourth Year of His Majelly’s Reign, for and in respect of Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to Farm the fame after the Expiration of the present Leafes thereof, in such separate and particular Diftridts, and for such term or time as shall be deemed proper and convenient, and under and subject to the Regulations and Reftridlions contained in the said Adi of the Twenty feventli Year of His Majefty’s Reign, with regard to the Duties thereby authorized to be let to Farm, so far as the fame are applicable, and not hereby altered: Provided always, that none of the said Duties shall be let to Farm for any longer term or time than until the Thirty firH Day of January inclusive One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one.

II.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations and Diredlions contained in and prescribed by the said Adi of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, shall be deemed and taken to be in full Force and Effedl with respect to the said Duties hereby allowed to be let to Farm, and to the Letting of the fame, and to the Farmers thereof, and to all other Persons, Matters and things relating thereto, as far as the fame are or shall be applicable, and not altered by or repugnant to the express Provifions of this Adt, as fully and efTedtually as if the fame had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said Duties hereby allowed to be farmed.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commillioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Commillioners of Stamps authorized as aforesaid, to preferibe the time for making a Depofit of a Sum of Money, and die Amount thereof, on account of the Rent to be paid by the Person who shall be the bell Bidder for, and be declared the Farmer of any of the said Duties hereby allowed to be farmed ; and in case any such Person shall fail to make such Depolit at the time prescribed, or shall fail to execute a proper Contract in Writing, and to give Security for the Payment of the Rent and the due Performance of such Contract, in the manner directed by the said Adi of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majelly’s Reign, within the time to be appointed for that Purpose, then and in every such case it shall. be lawful for the said Commillioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Commillioners of Stamps authorized as aforeiaid, to declare the Bidding and Contract of such Person null and void, and his Deposit, if made, forfeited, and to cause the Duties whereof he shall have been declared the Farmer to be again

put

Hosted

A. D. 1817,	57° GEO. III.	C.	59.	213

put up, to be let to Farm pursuant to the Directions of this and the said ACt of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and so from time to time as often as such Failure shall be made.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Power to let Duties arising in any DiftriCt or DiftriCts shall not be let to Farm at Duties by private the time to be fixed by Public Advertifeinent, pursuant to the Di- Contract, if not regions of this and the said ACt of the Twenty seventh Year of *et '^lK l°n* His Majefty’s Reign, for want of a sufficient Bidding, it shall be

.lawful for the said Cornmiffioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Cornmiffioners of Stamps authorized as aforesaid, at any time afterwards to receive Propofals for farming such Duties, and to let the fame to Farm by Private ContraCt, for any Term or time not extending beyond the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Cornmiffioners Cornmiffioners of Stamps in Great Britain for the time being, or the of Stamp* to demajor Part of them, from time to time, as Occafion shall require, Pute Farrn~ to depute and appoint not only the Persons who shall become Q^other^rfons Farmers or Leflees of the said Duties, and their Executors, Admi- t0 he Collectors, niftrators and Afsigns, but also any other Person or Persons, at the with full Powers Requeft and upon the Nomination, and for the Ufe of such Farmers as herein men* or Lefiees, or their Executors, Adminiflrators or Afsigns, to be t,one<b Collectors of the said Duties arising within their refpeCtive DiftriCts,

with full Powers to grant the necessary Licences to Persons within the refpeCtive DiftriCts for letting out Horfes to Hire in the manner aforesaid, and to take Securities by 'Bonds from the Persons to be licensed, in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, with such Conditions as are required by the ACts relating to the said Duties, and to receive the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, by the ACts relating to the said Duties direCted and required to be delivered by Persons letting Horfes to Hire in the manner aforesaid, within their refpeCtive DiftriCts, and the Money due thereon, and to ad-minifler the Oath or Affirmation hereinafter required to be made as to the Truth of the Accounts to be delivered by the Persons licensed under the said ACts, and generally to execute and do all other the Powers, Matters and things touching the collecting, managing and enforcing the Payment of the said Duties within and for their refpeCtive DiftriCts, which by the several ACts of Parliament relating to the said Duties are given to and authorized to be done by any Colledor or Collectors of the said Duties.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any thing Regulation as to-to the contrary contained in an ACt of the Fifty fifth Year of His Stamp Duty on present Majefty’s Reign, for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds Deputations, and other Inftruments in Great Britain, and for granting other Du- notwithstanding ties in lieu thereof, no Deputation or Commiffion to be hereafter ‘j^ed ^Parti granted pursuant to the said hereinbefore mentioned ACts and this

ACt, or any of them, appointing any Person to be a Collector <of the said Duties on Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable with any higher <Stamp Duty than One Pound Fifteen Shillings.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Regulation as Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and to Date of Li-eighteen, all Licences for letting Horfes to Hire which shall be cences for letting granted in pursuance of the said hereinbefore mentioned ACts or Horfts t0 H,rc*

P 3	any

Hosted

C. 59.

57° GEO. 111.

A.D.1817-

-1 -i

Repeal of Pro-vifions in

48 G.3.C.9S.

.51 G 3. c. 76 54 G. 3. c 174. for Recovery of Duties by 42 G. 3. c.ioo.

Provifions of as G. 3.C.51.

§ 19.

applied (Exception) to Hirings 1 or less than Twenty eight 'Days, and to Hirings tor Twenty eight Days or above.

any of them, between the Thirty first Day of January and the Sixteenth Day of March in any Year, shall be dated on the First Day of February ; and all Licences for letting Horfes to Hire which shall be granted in pursuance of the said Ads or any of them, at any other time, shall be dated on the Day on which the fame shall be granted, and all such Licences respectively shall have efled and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof, until the Thirty first: Day of January following, both inclusive, and no longer.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all the Regulations and Provifions contained in the said hereinbefore mentioned iVds of the Forty eighth, Fifty firil and Fifty fourth Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, for better fe-curing and facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties granted by the said Ad of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, in respect ot Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner aforesaid, and also all the Provifions of the said hereinbefore mentioned Ad of the Forty second Year of His Majefty’s Reign, which by force of the said Ad of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign are now applicable to any of the fame Duties, shall ceaie and determine as to all the said Duties arising after the said Thirty first Day of January, and as to all Matters and things to be done and performed in respect thereof.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty fir ft Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations and Diredion6, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties, contained in and imposed by the said Ad or the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for the railing, levying, colleding and securing of the Duties thereby granted for and in respect of Horfes hired for a Day or less Period of time, for drawing on any Public Road any Coach or other Car-riage used in travelling Poll or otherwise, both where the Diftance to be travelled should be ascertained and where not, (fave and except the Provifion which declares that every Horse hired for any lets Period than Two successive complete Days shall be deemed to be hired for a Day,) shall, so far as the fame shall be confident with the express Provifions of this Ad, be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution for the railing, levying, colleding and securing of the said Duties granted by the said Ad of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for and in relped of Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired for a less Period of time than Twenty eight successive Days, for drawing on any Public Road any Coach or other Carnage used in travelling Poll or otherwise, both where the Diftance to be travelled Ihall be ascertained and where not respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been inserted and specially enacted in this Ad, with such Alterations and Variations as may be necessary for applying the fame to the said last mentioned Duties and Hirings ; and that all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations and Diredions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and imposed by the said Ad of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, with respect to Horfes hired for Two or more D^ys for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, Ihall, so far as the fame shall be confiftent

with

Hosted

A. D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.-59.

21 ■

with the express Provifions of this Adi, be observed, applied, enforced and put into Execution with respect to Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired for Twenty eight successive Days or above, for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been inserted and specially enacted in this Adi, with such Alterations and Variations as may be necelfary for applying the fame to Hirings of the De-fcription laffc mentioned.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the said Com-miflioners of Commiflionersof Stamps shall supply all Persons who shall be licensed to let Horfes Stamps to lupply to Hire in the manner aforesaid, with proper and convenient Tickets,

and the Toll Gate Keepers with proper and convenient Exchange xicket^ tc^be

Tickets, for denoting Hirings for any less Period of time than fiued Up and

Twenty eight successive Days, both where the Diftance to be travelled used for denot-

shall be ascertained and where not, all which Tickets and Exchange ing Hirings for

Tickets ffiall specify the Number of Horfes to be let to Hire as a ^fs Time than

heretofore ; and the Original Tickets shall have Blanks to be filled	^ 1

up with the Day or Number of Days for which the Hiring shall be what fuch

made, the Name of the Person letting to Hire, if not an Inn- Tickets to

keeper, or the Name of his or her Sign or House if an Innkeeper, specify,

the Name of the Place of his or her Refidence, and the Month

and Year and Day of the Month when the Hiring shall commence $

and also in cases of Hirings to go to any certain Place or Places

and back, the Name or Defcription of such Place or Places, and

the full Number of Miles thither and back ; and also in cafes

of Hirings for Two or more Days, the Name and Place of Refidence

of the Person hiring the Horse or Horfes; and the Exchange

Tickets shall have Blanks to be filled up with the Number of

Days for which the Hiring shall be made, the Name of the Town

or Place where the original Ticket shall have been issued, and the

Date thereof, and the Name of the Toll Gate and County where the

Exchange Ticket shall be given ; and also in cases of Hirings to

go to any certain Place or Places and back, the Name or Defcription

of such Place or Places, and the Number of Miles thither and back,

as the fame shall be expressed in the original Ticket, and also the

Name and Refidence of the Hirer if expressed in the original Ticket

for which the Exchange Ticket shall be given ; and all such Original

and Exchange Tickets shall be filled up accordingly, and shall be

delivered, shewn and used by all Persons concerned, in such and the

like manner as by the said A61 of the Twenty fifth Year of His

Majefty’s Reign is directed of and concerning the Original and

Exchange Tickets thereby required to be provided, delivered, fhewn

and used in cases of or for denoting Hirings for a Day, and under

and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for every Refufal,

Negle£t or Omiffion as are thereby imposed.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Commiflionersof Stamps shall also supply all Persons who shall be licensed to let Stamps to fup-Horfes to Hire in the manner aforesaid with proper and convenient Pty Pr0Per Cer" Certificates, and the Toll Gate Keepers with proper and convenient (^eckVickets Check Tickets, for denoting Hirings for Twenty eight successive to be filled up * Days or above not liable to the before mentioned Duties, which and used for de-Certificates shall have Blanks to be filled up with the Number of noting Hirings Horfes let to Hire, the Number of Days for which the fame fhall

be hired, the Name and Refidence of the Person hiring, and of the	^S	°r

P 4>	Perfon

Hosted

216 '

C.o9.

57® GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

When HoiTtis hired for any Period of time are given up before lime expires, Exchange Ticket, &c. to be delivered up to Farmer or Collector of Duties.

Persons liceufed jrefusing, &c. to a tic for or deliver up the fame,

Penally iol.

Unduly using lame,

Penalty 50I.

Persons falsely alleging hired Horfes to be their own, and not delivering proper Tickets at Toll Gates,

Ferfon letting to Hire, and the Month and Year and Day of the Month when the Hiring shall commence ; and the Check Tickets shall have Blanks to be filled up with the fame Particulars as the Certificates for which they shall be given in Exchange, and with the Name of the Toll Gate and County where the Check Tickets shall be given ; and all such Certificates and Check Tickets shall be filled up accordingly, and shall be delivered, shewn and used by all Persons concerned, in such and the like manner as by the said A£t of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign is directed of and concerning the Certificates and Check Tickets thereby required to be provided, delivered, shewn and used in cases of or for denoting Hirings for Two or more Days, and under and fubjedf to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for every Refufal, Negledl or Omiffion as are thereby imposed.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the said Thirty fir It Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, where any Person so licensed as aforesaid shall let to Hire any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, either for Two or more Days under Twenty eight, or for a Period of Twenty eight successive Days or above, and the Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings so let to Hire, shall be given up and returned to the Person letting the fame before the Expiration of the time agreed for, the Person so letting the fame shall thereupon ask and receive of the Person so returning such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, the Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket which he or she shall have received in Exchange for the original Ticket or Certificate delivered to him or her on the Hiring of such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, and shall deliver up such Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket to the Farmer or other Collector of the aforesaid Duties, to whom he or she shall be bound to deliver his or her Stamp Office Weekly Accounts at the next time of delivering any such Account ; and if any Person so licensed as aforesaid shall refuie or neglect to ask for such Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket, or having received the fame shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the fame to the said Farmer or other Collector at the time aforesaid, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and if he or she shall life such Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket, or permit the fame to be used, or give out the fame to any Person for the Purpofe of being used to cover and protect any other Hiring whatever from the Duty payable by Law for the fame, he or file shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if the Hirer of any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, shall not deliver or shew at any Turnpike, Toll Bar or Bridge the proper Ticket, Exchange Ticket, Certificate or Check Ticket which he or file ought to do, pursuant to the Dire&ions of this A£t and the said A&s of the Forty fourth and Twenty fifth Years of His Majefly’s Reign, or any of them, and shall falsely allege the Horle, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, with which he or she shall pass such Turnpike, Toll Bar or Bridge, to be his or her own, or not hired, in order to avoid being flopped, or to avoid the Payment of the Sum which the Toll Gatherer there shall be entitled to demand

in

Hosted

A.D.1S17.

57° GEO. III.

C. 59.

in default of such Ticket, Exchange Ticket, Certificate or Check Ticket, being delivered or shewn as aforesaid, every Person so offending fhali for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Surn of Twenty Pounds.	Penalty id.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the said Carriages kept to Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and he let with eighteen, where any Person or Persons who fhali be licensed to let

Horfes to Hire in the manner aforesaid, in pursuance of the said (Exce°tion)^?re herein before mentioned A£ls or any of them, fhali keep any Car- t0 be numbered ; riage or Carriages used in trayelling, to be furnished at the fame and the Number time with any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Plorfes, Mares or Gel- and Owner’s dings, by him, her or them let to Hire, by the Mile or Stage, Name, &c. to be (other than and except Hearfcs and Mourning Coaches used to under the Reeu~ attend Funerals, which fhali remain fubje£t to the fame Regulations lotions herein as heretofore,) he, {he or they fhali, before any such Carriage fhali mentioned, be so furnished, cause every Carriage kept by him, her or them for the Purpofe aforesaid to be numbered with a different Number, beginning with Number One, and proceeding upwards fuccefiively to the highest Number of Carriages which he, she or they fhali so keep; and fhali also mark or paint or cause to be marked or painted, in one or more straight Line or Lines on the outside Pannel of each Door of every such Carriage which fhali have a Door thereto, and on some conspicuous Part of each of the Outfides of every such Carriage which fhali not have a Door thereto, his, her or their Christian and Surname, and the Name of the City, Town or Place where he, she or they fhali keep such Carriages to be furnished as aforesaid ; and the Number of every such Carriage, in large and legible Characters and Figures, of Black or White, whichever fhali most differ from the Colour of the Carriage whereon the fame fhali be marked or painted, each Letter to be at least One Inch in Length, and each Figure at least One Inch and an Half in Length, and both Letters and Figures to be of a proper Breadth in Proportion to the Length thereof refpeefively, and fhali continue the fame on every such Carriage as long as such Carriage fhali be kept for the Purpofe aforesaid, varying the Numbers on such Carriages from time to time as Occafion fhali require, so as to make the fame correspond with the actual Number of such Carriages which he, (lie or they fhali then keep ; and if any Person or Persons Negle&ing to so licensed as aforesaid fhali neglect or omit to number, mark or mark, or falsely paint any such Carriage in manner aforesaid, or paint or cause to be mai'king Earmarked or painted thereon any false or fictitious Name or Place, condnuhi^0 ° or any higher Number than the greatest Number of such Carriages Number on which he, (lie or they fhali then keep, or fhali keep Two or more Carriage, such Carriages with the fame Number marked or painted thereon, or fhali continue any Number upon any such Carriage after he, she or they fhali cease to keep a Number of such Carriages corresponding therewith, he, she or they fhali for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sura of Ten Pounds.	Penalty iol.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Particulars to be Thirty lirft Day of January One thousand eight hundred and “ferted in eighteen, all and every Person and Persons so licensed as afore- ^eekl°Ac-said, fhali, instead of the Particulars required by the said (a) A& countsjinitead

(a) [2.5 G. 3. c. 51. § 27. but fee the Particulars required by 48 G. 3, c. 98. § 7. 9. injiead of the Particulars required by 25 G. 3. c.51. £ 27.]

of

Hosted

5V GEO, 111,

A.D. 1817.

of the Pai oculars of

15 0,3. C.jl.

§27._

In cases of Hirings by Mile or Stage.

In cases of Hirings for any 'Time less than Twenty eight Days.

In cales of Hiring for Twenty eight Days or more.

In cases of Hirings for any Period of time, when the Horles shall be given up before the lime expires.

Negleet, fee. Penalty 20I.

C> 59,

of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majelly’s Reign to be in-ferted in. his, her or their Stamp Office Weekly Account, insert and fet forth therein the several Particulars following; (that is to fay,) whenever he, she or they shall let to Hire by the Mile or Stage, any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, to be used in trayelling, the Number of Horfes, Mares or Geldings, so let to Hire, the Number of Miles which the fame shall be hired to go, the Names of the Towns or Places from which and to which the fame shall be hired to go, the Month and Day of the Montr< and Week when the fame shall be hired, the Sort or De-feription of every Carriage, if any, which he, she or they shall furnish, together with any such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, and the Number of every such Carriage, if hereby required to be numbered, and the Chriflian and Surname of every Poflillion or Driver employed therewith, and also the Amount of the Duty payable for and in respect of the fame, upon every such Hiring ; and whenever he, she or they shall let to Hire for any Period of time less than Twenty eight fuccefiive Days, any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, the Number oi Horfes, Mares or Geldings so let to Hire, the Month and Day of the Month and Week when the fame shall be hired, the Sort or Defcription of every Carriage, if any, which shall be furnished therewith, and the Number of every such Carriage, if hereby required to be numbered, the Chriflian and Surname of every Poflillion or Driver employed with such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, the time for which the fame shall be hired, and the Number of Miles which the fame shall be hired to go or travel, and the Names of the Towns or Places from and to which the fame shall be hired to go, where the Diflance shall be ascertained, and also the Amount of the Duty payable for and in refpe6t of the fame upon every such Hiring; and whenever he, she or they shall let to Hire for Twenty eight fuccefiive Days or more, any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, the Number of Horfes, Mares or Geldings so let to Hire, the Month and Day of the-Month and Week when the fame shall be hired, the Sort or Defcription of every Carriage, if any, which shall be furnished therewith and the Number of every such Carriage, if hereby required to be numbered, the Chriflian and Surname of every Poflillion or Driver employed with such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, the time for which the fame shall be hired, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person hiring the fame ; and he, she or they shall also insert in every such Account a Memorandum or Notice of all Horfes, Mares or Geldings which shall have been let to Hire by him, her or them, for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, either for Two or more Days under Twenty eight, or for Twenty eight fuccefiive Days or above, and which since the'Date of his, her or their lafl Account shall have been given up and returned to him, her or them by the Hirer, before the Expiration of the time agreed for ; and in case of any Refufal or Negledl to insert the said several Particulars or any of them in any such Weekly Account as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVI, And

Hosted

A.D.1S17.	£7°	GEO.	III.	C.	59.

XVI.	And for preventing Frauds and Evafions of the laid Duties granted by the said A6t of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, be it further enacted, That from and after the laid Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, where any Person or Persons so licensed as aforesaid shall let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, to be used in trayelling, and shall charge the Person or Persons hiring the fame a specific Sum of Money for the whole Stage or Diftance which the fame shall be hired to go, and not after the usual Rata per Mile, the Person or Persons letting such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Plorfes, Mares or Geldings, shall be accountable for One Fourth Part of the Sum of Money so to be charged by him, her or them, as and for the Duty imposed by the said A & of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign in such case, and shall deliver to the Person or Persons hiring such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, the like Stamp Office Ticket, as if the fame had been charged for per Mile, and shall add thereto the specific Sum charged for the fame ; and the Person or Persons letting such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, shall alio enter in his, her or their Stamp Office Weekly Account One Fourth Part of the Sum so to be charged as aforesaid, as and for the Duty payable in respect of such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, and shall pay the fame accordingly to the Colledlor or Colledtors who shall be authorized to receive the said Duties ; and if any such licensed Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect so to do, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XVIL And be it further enacted. That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all and every Person and Persons so licensed as aforesaid, who shall let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, to be used in trayelling, or ffiall let to Hire for any less Period of time than Twenty eight successive Days, or for a Period of Twenty eight successive Days or above, any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, shall enter or cause to be entered in his, her or their Stamp Office Weekly Account the several Particulars by this Aft required to be in-ferted therein, on the fame Day on which such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, shall be so let to Hire as aforesaid ; and in Default thereof, he, she or they shall for every inch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enadfed. That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, instead of the Oath or Affirmation required by the said A6t of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign to be made by Persons licensed to let Horfes to Hire as to the Truth of their Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, the following Oath or Affirmation shall be made and subscribed by every Person so to be licensed as aforesaid :

4 J A. B. do swear [or affirm, in the case of Quakers], That the i Stamp Office Weekly Account or Accounts now delivered 6 by me doth or do contain a just and true Statement of all Horfes,

4 Mares

219

Persons licensed charging for Hcrics, let by the Mile or Stage, a specific Sum for the whole and not by the Mile, to pay One Fourth of Sum charged, asforDuty under 44 G.3. C.9S. and to deliver Tickets as in case of charging per Mile, and otherwise to a<ff as herein mentioned.

Penalty iol. Persons letting Horfes to Hire as aforesaid, to make Entries in Stamp Office Weekly Account, on fame Day on which Horfes let.

Penalty 40:'.

Persons licensed to let Horfes to Hire to make Oath as to Truth of their Stamp Office Weekly Accounts.

Form.

Hosted

C. 5

A.D.1817.

2JC

The laid Oath to be made before Collector.

Perjury.

How far 25 G. 3. c.51. §12. 44* to extend to Accounts by this Aft.

At what Places licensed Persons are to attend with their Accounts and pay Duties.

r>7° GEO. III.

4 Mares and Geldings which have been let to Hire by me or my

*	Servants, or on my Behalf, either by the Mile or Stage, with or

4 without a Carriage, or for any less Period of time than Twenty 4 eight successive Days, for drawing any Coach or other Carriage 4 uled in trayelling, from the	Day of

*	to the	Day	of	both inclusive, toge-

4 ther with the true Number of Miles in the cases of Hirings by 4 the Mile or Stage, and the true Number of Days and Miles in the 4 cases of Hirings by time, where the Diftance to be travelled was 4 ascertained, and the true Number of Days in the cases of Hirings 4 by time where the Diftance to be travelled was not ascertained, 4 for which such Horfes, Mares and Geldings respectively were so 4 let to Hire, and also the full and whole Duty due and payable by 4 me, or for which I am accountable or chargeable for or in refpeA 4 of such Horfes, Mares and Geldings so let to Hire as aforesaid ; 4 and that the said Account or Accounts doth or do also contain a 4 just and true Statement of all Horfes, Mares and Geldings which 4 within the Period aforesaid have been let to Hire by me or my 4 Servants, or on my Behalf, for drawing any Coach or other 4 Carriage used in trayelling, for the Space of Twenty eight fuc-4 ceffive Days or more, together with the true Number of Days 4 for which the fame were so let to Hire in each case ; all which 4 said Statements, matters and things, and all the other Particulars 4 contained in the said Account or Accounts, so far as regards my-4 self and my own Adis, are true, and so far as regards the Adis of 4 my Servants, or of any other Person or Persons on my Behalf, 4 are true to the belt of my Knowledge and Belief.

4 So help me GOD.?

Which said Oath or Affirmation shall be made and subscribed before the Collector of the said Duties authorized to receive such Account or Accounts, who is hereby empowered to administer such Oath or Affirmation; and if any Person making such Oath or Affirmation shall knowingly arid wilfully make a false Oath or Affirmation of or concerning any of the matters to be therein fpeci-fied and fet forth, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That all the Regulations, Provisions, Diredfions, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and imposed by the said Adi of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, relating to the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, and to the Oath or Affirmation to be made in Verification thereof, so far as the fame are not hereby altered or varied, shall be deemed and taken to be in full Force, and to apply to such Accounts with the Alterations and Variations hereinbefore directed to be made therein, and to the Oath or Affirmation hereby required to be made respecting the fame as aforesaid.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, every Person so to be licensed as aforesaid, redding in the City of London or Liberty of Wejlminjlery or within Five Miles of the Head Office of Stamps, or within the Bills of Mortality, fhall

attend

Hosted

A.D. 1817*

57° GEO. III.

C. 59.

221

attend and deliver his or her Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, and pay the Duties for which he or ffie shall be accountable, unto the Collector authorized to receive the fame, at such Place in London or Westminster and at such time as shall be appointed for that Pur-pofe by a Notice to be written or printed upon the Blank Forms of the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, which shall from time to time be delivered to him or her by any authorized Collector of the said Duties, for the Purpofe of making therein the Entries required by this A£t ; and every Person so to be licensed as aforesaid, not reading within Five Miles of the Head Office of Stamps, or within the Bills of Mortality, shall attend and deliver his or her Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, and pay the Duties for which he or ffie ffiall be accountable, unto the Colle&or authorized to receive the fame, at such Place in the Market Towm in which he or ffie ffiall reside, or in the nearest Market Town to his or her Place of Refi-dence, if out of a Market Town, and at such time as ffiall be appointed for that Purpofe by a Notice to be written or printed upon the Blank Forms of the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, which ffiall from time to time be delivered to him or her by any authorized Collector of the said Duties, for the Purpofe of making therein the Entries required by this A<Sf, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Default in not delivering such Account, and double the Amount of the Duties due and payable by such licensed Person for the Non payment thereof.

XXL And be it further teriacted, That if any Person or Per-fons, not being licensed as aforesaid, ffiall, after the said Thirty fir ft Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horse, Mare or Gelding to be used in trayelling, or ffiall let to Hire for any Period of time less than Twenty eight successive Days any Horse, Mare or Gelding for drawing any such Coach or other Carriage as aforesaid, he, ffie or they ffiall be chargeable with and accountable for the Duty or Duties granted by the said A61 of the Forty fourth Year of His Majelly’s Reign for and in respect of every Horse, Mare or Gelding so to be let to Hire, in such and the same manner as if he, ffie or they had obtained such Licence as aforesaid, and had received such Duty or Duties of and from the Person or Persons hiring such Horse, Mare or Gelding, and ffiall from time to time, upon a Week’s Notice in Writing for that Purpofe given by any Cob ledtor of the said Duties for the County, Diftridf or Place where he, ffie or they ffiall so let any Horse, Mare or Gelding to Hire as aforesaid, deliver to such Collector whenever by him requested, after the Expiration of such Notice, a true Account in Writing, signed by him, her or them, of every Horse, Mare and Gelding which he, ffie or they ffiall have let to Hire in the manner aforesaid, and ffiall not then have already accounted for, and of the mode and manner in which every such Horse, Mare and Gelding ffiall have been let to Hire, and of the Duty or Duties payable in respect thereof, in such and the same manner as is hereby required to be done by Persons licensed as aforesaid, and ffiall also verify such Account by Oath or Affirmation (to be administered by such Collector), in like manner as licensed Persons are hereby required to do, and ffiall thereupon pay to such Collector the Amount of such Duty or Duties ; and in case of any Refufal or Negledft so to do, then he, ffie

or

Not delivering Account, and not paying Duties, Penalty.

Persons not licensed accountable for Duties for Kories let to Hire by them the fame as if they had been licensed.

Penalty

Hosted

222

Provifo for Delivery of Account and Payment of Duty upon Notice and Request,

Duties not exceeding iol. may he recovered hy Difrrefs.

proceedings on Diftrek.

House, Sec. may be broken open in the Day time by Collector for taking Distress, calling to his Af-

C. 59.	67°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1817-

or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Founds for every Default in not delivering such Account verified as aforesaid, and double the Amount of the Duty or Duties which he, she or they shall be then chargeable with for the Non Payment thereof: Provided always, that where any such Notice (half have been given and Requeft made for the Delivery of such Account as aforesaid, then, upon the Delivery of such Account and Payment of the Duty due thereon, in pursuance of such Notice and Request, and upon taking out such Licence or Licences as ought to have been taken out by him, her or them previously thereto, the Person or Persons so delivering such Account shall be indemnified and discharged from any Penalty or Penalties which he, she or they may be then liable to in consequence of having let to Hire any Horse, Mare or Gelding, in the manner mentioned in such Account without having obtained such Licence as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, where any Person or Persons liable to account for and pay any Duty or Duties granted by the said ACt of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for and in respect of any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, by him, her or them let to Hire aforesaid, shall refuse or negleCt to account for and pay the fame, according to the Directions of the said herein before mentioned ACts, or any of them, or of this ACt, to the Collector appointed to receive such Duties for the County, DiftriCt or Place where he, she or they shall have let to Hire such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, and such Duty or Duties shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, it shall be lawful for such Collector, first obtaining a Warrant for that Purpofe under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where any such letting to Hire shall have been made, (which Juftice or Justices, on Complaint made to him or them, shall summon the Party complained of, and the Witneffes on either Side, and examine into the Matter of FaCt, and shall grant such Warrant, on due Proof being made of the Sum due and owing for such Duty or Duties as aforesaid, by the voluntary Confefiion of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes,) to distrain such Person or Persons by his, her or their Goods and Chattels for the Amount of such Duty or Duties, and the Diftrefs so to be taken to detain and keep for the Space of Four Days, at the Cofts and Charges of such Person or Persons; and if he, file or they shall not within that time pay the Amount of such Duty or Duties, with the Cofts and Charges of taking and keeping such Distress, then the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be fold by such Collector, who shall render the Overplus of the Money arising by the Sale thereof, if any shall remain, after deducting and retaining the Amount of such Duty or Duties, and the Cofts and Charges of taking, keeping and felling such Distress, to the Person or Persons so to be distrained as aforesaid ; and it shall also be lawful for such Collector, for the Purpofe of taking such Distress, to break open in the Day time any House or Place where any Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons shall be, being thereunto authorized by such Warrant as aforesaid, and calling to his Abidance a Conilable,

13	Tythingmau

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.5y.

Tythingman or Headborough of the County, Shire, Stewartry, finance a Ccn-

City, Town or Place where any Refufal or Refiftance shall be	&c.

made, which said Officers are hereby required to aid and affift

therein ; and that the leaving of the Summons to appear before fuch

Juftice or Justices at the Dwelling House or usual or last known

Place of Abode of the Party complained of, shall be deemed a good

Service thereof.

XXIII.	And to prevent Doubts, be it further enabled and de- Duties nor to at-clared, That from and after the passing of this A£t the said herein- each on Horfes before mentioned Duties shall not be. deemed to attach upon or be drawing Fjfh payable for or in respect of any Horfes, Mares or Geldings which

shall be hired for drawing any Carts or Carriages kept or usually but to attach

employed for the Conveyance of Fifh, or for or in respect of any Gn those drawing

Horfes, Mares or Geldings used in Chariots or other Carriages duly Hearfes.

licenfed by the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches, where the fame

shall be hired to go no greater Diftance than Ten Miles from the

City of London or Westminster or the Suburbs thereof; but that

the said Duties shall be deemed to attach upon and be payable for or

in refpe<5t of Horfes, Mares and Geldings which shall be hired for

drawing Hearfes, in the same manner as those hired for drawing

Mourning Coaches or other Carriages.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Justices of Pence Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and niaY caule Ronds eighteen, it shall be lawful for Two or more Juft ices of the Peace

for any Divilion in Great Britain, to cause the Diftances between Meafurement,

any Places in their Divilion and the Neighbourhood to be mea- being verified on

fured by some proper Person or Persons, who shall be paid for Oath.

such Meafurement such Sum as shall appear reasonable to the faid

Justices out of the County Stock by the Treasurer of such County,

upon the Warrant of the said Justices ; and the Meafurement being

verified before the said Justices by the Oath of the Person or

Persons making the fame, to publish such Meafurement under the

Hand of the Clerk of such Division, Twice in some Newfpaper of

the County for which such Justices shall act ;• and from and after in what case '

such Publication, if any Person letting Horfes to hire shall charge Port Matters

for a greater Number of Miles than shall be specified in the Table forging for

of Diftances so to be published, if the Stage or Diftance for which ™?le M,les t,lan

any Horse, Mare or Gelding shall be hired shall exceed Seven ea uremen 5

Miles, he or she shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum

of Ten Pounds.	Penalty 10!.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Penalties how Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and recovered, eighteen, all pecuniary penalties amounting to Ten Pounds or upwards, and not amounting to Fifty Pounds, imposed by this A61

or by the said A61 of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefly’s Reign, may be sued for, recovered and levied, either in the manner prescribed by that A£t with regard to Penalties amounting to Fifty Pounds, or in the manner thereby prescribed with regard to Pe* nalties not amounting to Fifty Pounds; and all pecuniary Penalties not amounting to Ten Pounds imposed by this A 61 shall be sued for, recovered and levied in the manner prescribed by the said A61 of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, with regard to Penalties of the fame Amount.

XXVI.	And be it further eria6ted, That from and after the said Application ot

Thirty PenaU,es'

Hosted

C. 59.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817,

-24

Prosecutions for Penalties not to he commenced without Confent in Writing of Commissioners of Stamps, and to be carried on by their Solicitor, See.

What Proofs in all be sufficient in Actions for Duties and Penalties.

Thirty firil Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, ail pecuniary Penalties imposed by this Adi, and by the laid hereinbefore mentioned Adis or any of them, in anywiie relating to the said Duties hereinbefore particularly mentioned, which shall be sued for within Six Calendar Months after the fame shall be incurred, shall be divided and go in the manner following ; that is to fay, One Moiety thereof shall go to His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-cefiors, and the other Moiety thereof, together with full Colls of Suit, shall go to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the fame ; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to inform and sue for the fame within the time aforesaid, nctwith-flanding the Provifions to the contrary contained in the said Adi of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefly’s Reign, or in any other Adi or Adis ; and all such Penalties as shall not be sued for within the time aforesaid shall go and belong wholly to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors.

XXVIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Farmer of any of the said Duties, or for any other Person or Persons, to prosecute for any such pecuniary Penalty in any of His Majefty’s Courts at Westminster, or in Scotland, without having first obtained the Confent in Writing of the said Commissioners of Stamps,, or any Two of them, nor unless the Profecution for the fame shall be carried on by the Solicitor of Stamps, or some other Solicitor or Attorney approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Two of them; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, or the major Part of them, if they shall think fit, to order the Proceedings to be flayed in any such Profecution, on Payment of Part only of the. Penalty incurred, with or without Coils, or on Payment only of the Cofls incurred in such Profecution, or any IPart thereof, as they shall judge proper and expedient.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Adi, it shall not be necessary upon the Trial or Hearing of any- Adlion, Suit or Profecution already commeneed, or hereafter to be commenced for the Recovery of any of the said Duties on Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired In the manner aforesaid, which are or shall be let to Farm in pursuance of the said Adi of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign or of this Adi, or of any future Adi of Parliament, or for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties imposed by the said herein before mentioned Adis or any of them, or by this Adi or any future Adi in anywise relating to the said Duties, to produce the Inftrument whereby the Com-miHioners of Stamps in Great Britain or any of them" were or shall be authorized by the Commissioners of His Majefly’s Treasury to let to Farm the said Duties on Horfes, Mares and Geldings, or any oF them, or to produce the Commifiion whereby the said Commissioners of Stamps were constituted and appointed such Commissioners, or to prove the Execution of any Contradl or Agreement whereby any of the said Duties on Horfes, Mares and Geldings are or shall be Jet to Farm, or of any Alignment of any such Contradl or Agreement, or of any Commifiion, Deputation or Authority whereby any Person or Persons is or are or shall be appointed a Collector or Colledlors of any of the fame Duties by the said Commifiloners of Stamps, or any of them, or to prove the Signatures

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 59,60.

225

natures of the said Commissioners to any Confent to prosecute for any such pecuniary Penalty as aforesaid : Provided always, that such Contract, Agreement, Aflignment, Commission, Deputation or Authority and Confent to prosecute, shall be produced on the Trial or Hearing of such Action, Suitor Profecution, and it shall be made to appear that the Person or Persons claiming under such Contrail, Agreement, Aflignment, Commission, Deputation or Authority, had in fa£t ailed as the Farmer or Farmers, Colleilor or Colleitors of the D uties therein mentioned and described, or some of them ; and that in every such case such Proof shall be deemed and taken by the Judges or JuAlices before whom any such Trial or Hearing shall be had, to be good and legal Evidence of such Person or Persons being the Farmer or Farmers, Colle&or or Collectors of the Duties mentioned and described in such Contrail, Agreement, Aflignment, Commission, Deputation or Authority, unless by other Evidence the contrary shall be made to appear j any Law or Ufage to the con-trary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. LX.

An A£t to regulate certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer in England.	[7th	July	1S17.]

c TTFHEREAS it is expedient that certain Offices in the Court ‘ VV of Exchequer in England, not given or granted by the

* Lord Chief Baron or Barons of the Court of Exchequer, or any c or either of them, or by the Chief Juflice or Judge of either of

*	His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjler, and certain Offices

*	in the Alienation Office, should be regulated ;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mofl Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after and upon the Termination refpec-tively of the present existing Interefls in the undermentioned Offices, videlicet, King’s Remembraneer, Clerk of the Pleas, Clerk of the Pipe, Comptroller of the Pipe, Marshal, Foreign Apposer, Surveyor and Receiver General of Green Wax, Lord Treafurer’s Remembraneer, Clerk of Foreign Eftreats, Clerk of the Nichells, Comptroller of First Fruits ; and in the Alienation Office Three Com-miflioners, the Receiver General, Two entering Clerks, Mailer in Chancery and the Solicitor of the Exchequer; and so soon as the said Offices respectively shall become vacant by the Death, Relig-nation or Removal of the Person or Persons now holding the fame, the Duties thereof respectively shall be discharged by the Officers respectively appointed to hold the fame in Person, and not by Deputy ; and from time to time as any of the said respective Offices shall become vacant as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majelly’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandr, or any Three or more of them for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to regulate the Duties, Emoluments and Eftabliffiments of the said respective Offices as they become vacant, so as that the several Duties to be discharged therein respectively shall be performed in Person,

57 Geo. III.	Q	and

Certain Offices, after the Termination of the present Interefts therein, to be executed in Person, and not by Deputy;

and as they become vacant, the Duties, Emoluments and Eftabliffiments to be regulated by the Treasury,

Hosted

226

C. 60,61.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

The Fees at present charged to continue and to be applicable to Payment of Salaries, and the Refidue to make Part of the Con-Tolidated Fund.

and not by Deputy ; and for that Purpofe shall appoint such and such Number of fit and proper Persons as may be sufficient and necessary to perform and execute the Duties to be done, performed and executed in the said Offices respectively, as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners shall deem fit, with such Salaries or Allowances as shall be ordered and appointed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners, or any Three or more of them in that Behalf; Regard being had in every such case to the Nature and Extent of the Duties to be performed, and to the Refponfibility which may attach or belong to the several and respective Offices or Persons executing the Duties of the said Offices respectively ; and all such Regulations, Appointments, Salaries and Allowances, when so made and eftabli filed, shall thereupon become and be in full Force and EfFe& in relation to the said Offices respectively ; any thing contained in any A& or A&s of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or Usage, Cuftom or Pra&ice to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That any Fees at present charged or -chargeable for or in refpetft of any of the said Offices, or received or receivable according to Law in any of the said Offices refpec-tively, shall continue to be received, and the fame shall be applied in Payment of the Salary or Salaries, Allowance or Allowances, authorized by this A6t to be granted or made in each of the said Offices in which such Fees shall be received ; and if any Balance of such Fees shall remain, after paying and satisfying such Salaries or Allowances respectively, the fame shall be paid by such Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, once in every Three Months, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and go to and make Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. LXI.

An A£l to abolish the Offices of the Wardens, Chief Justices and Justices in Eyre, North and South of Trent.

[7th July 1817.]

4 TTTHEREAS the Office of Warden, Chief Juftice and Juftice

*	VV in Eyre of His Majesty's Forests, Chases, Parks and War-4 rens North of Trent, and the Office of Warden, Chief Juftice and 4 Juftice in Eyre of His Majefty’s Forests, Chases, Parks and War-4 rens South of Trent, are Offices of confiderable Emolument, and 4 by reason of the Difafforefting of many of the great Forests, and 4 the enclosing of others of such Forests, and the Regulations which 4 have from time to time been made relative to the Management of 4 the Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues of the Crown, and the 4 Rights appertaining thereto or connected therewith, the efficient

*	Duties of the said Offices have in a great measure ceased, and the 4 remaining Duties of such Offices may be otherwise provided for 4 without Prejudice to the Rights of the Crown ; and it is fhere-4 fore expedient that such Offices respectively fiiould, upon the Ter-4 mination of the present existing Interefts therein, be abolished May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords .Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

10*	the

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 61,62.

227

the Authority of the fame, That the said respective Offices of Wardens, Chief Justices and Justices in Eyre of His Majefty’s Forests, Chases, Parks and Warrens North and South of Trent respectively, shall, upon the respective Terminations of the present existing Inte-refts therein, be wholly abolished ; and from and after such Abolition all the Duties of such Offices refpe£tively shall be performed by the First Commiffioner for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues ; and for that Purpofe all the respective Powers and Authorities belonging or appertaining to the said Offices of Wardens, Chief Justices and Justices in Eyre of His Majefty’s Forests, Chases, Parks and Warrens North and South of Trent respectively, shall, immediately upon the ceasing of such Offices respectively, become and be and remain veiled in such First Commiffioner for the time being, without any special or other Appointment for that Purpofe or in that Behalf; and every such First Commiffioner for the time being shall and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required to perform all such Duties, and for that purpose to use and exercise all such Powers and Authorities, and enforce the fame by all such and the like Ways, Means, Suits and Proceedings, and do and perform all such Acts, matters and things, as may be necessary in that Behalf, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the said First Commiffioner had been duly and legally appointed to the said Offices refpeClively, and was, in virtue of a legal Appointment, Warden, Chief Juftice and Juftice in Eyre of His Majefty’s Forests, Chases, Parks and Warrens North and South of Trent refpeCtively; provided that such First Commiffioner shall not be entitled to, or have, take or receive any Salary, Fee or Emolument whatever in respect thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Salaries of the said Officers shall, upon the Termination thereof respectively, make Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ; and a Sum equal to the Amount of each of such Salaries shall, upon such Termination of each of such Offices respectively, be retained in the Exchequer as Part of the Confolidated Fund, and not issued or carried to the Account of the Civil Lift ; any thing contained in any A£t or A6ls of Parliament to the contrary not-withftanding.

The Offices of Wardens, &c. abolished on Termination of existing Interests, and the Duties to be performed by the First Commiffioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues ;

who is not to receive any Salary, Fee or Emolument.

Salaries of the abolished Offices to make Part of the Confolidated Fund.

CAP. LXIL

An A£l to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in Ireland.	[7th	July 1817.]

1 WHEREAS the Offices in Ireland herein after mentioned

*	VV refpe£tively are Offices some of which it is expedient to

*	abolish, and with respect to others it is expedient to make Pro-« vision for a more effectual and economical Execution of the Duties 1 thereof respectively after the Termination of the present exifting

*	Interefts therein refpe£tively May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it ena6led by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from Certain Offices and after and upon the respective Terminations of the respective in Ireland, on present existing Interefts in each and every of the following Offices; Termination of

-	*	G 2	that	cxiftinglnterests,

' abolished.

Hosted

228

C. 62.

57® GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

The Records, fee of the said Offices transferred to the Public Record Office, tinder Directions of Lord Lieutenant.

that is to fay. Surveyor General of Grown Lands ; Keeper of Records in the Bermingham Tower at Dublin; Keeper of the Records of Parliament; Clerk of the Paper Office ; and as each of the said Offices shall respectively become vacant, upon the Termination of such present existing Interests, each and every of the said Offices shall be abolished; and the said Offices shall not, nor shall any of them, from and after the passing of this Aft, be grant-ted to any Person or Persons whomsoever ; and the said Offices are hereby, from and after the respective times when the fame shall respectively become vacant, wholly abolished.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Records, Maps, Books and Papers whatsoever, now in the Cuftody, Power or Poffeffion of the said before mentioned Officers, or any of them, or of any of their Clerks or Deputies, shall upon the respective Terminations of the present existing Interefts in each and every of the said Offices respectively, be removed, transferred and delivered to the Office or Offices, Place or Places appointed or to be appointed for the pre-ferving and securing of the Records of Ireland; and shall from thenceforth be there safely kept and preserved according to the 'Directions of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go-

Lord Lieutenant, either before or after the Termination of existing Interests, may order fueh Records to be removed into the said Office.

Certain oilier Offices abolilhed on Termination of- existing Interefts.

Salary, fee. (Exception) of certain Office*

vernors of Ireland for the time being ; and it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, at any time either before or after the Termination of the present existing Interefts in any of the said Offices hereby abolished, to order and direct that all such Records, Books, Maps and Papers shall be removed, transferred and delivered into the said Record Office or Offices, and the fame shall then be forthwith removed, transferred and delivered accordingly; and it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time to give such Orders and Direftions for the safe Cuftody, Prefervation and Arrangement of the said Records, and of all or any other Records relating to Ireland\ as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall at any time seem fitting and expedient.

III.	And be it further enabled, That from and after and upon the respective Terminations of the respective existing Interefts in each and every of'the following Offices; that is to fay, Accountant to the Board of General Officers ; Secretary to the said Board ; Corrector and Supervifor of His Majefty’s Printing Prefs ; Compiler of the Dublin Gazette ; Mafter of the Revels; Senefchal of His Ma-

jefty’s Manors; Accountant General (now held by Stephen Moore Efquire) ; Supervifor of Accounts in the Barrack Department; Barrack Mafter of the Royal Barracks ; and as each of the said Offices shall respectively become vacant upon the Termination of such present existing Interests, each and every of the said Offices shall be respectively abolished; and the said Offices shall not, nor shall any of them, from and after the passing of this Aft, be granted to any Person or Persons whomsoever ; and the said Offices are hereby, from and after the respective times when the fame shall respectively become vacant, wholly abolished.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after and upon the respective Terminations of the respective existing Interefts in each and every of the following Offices 3 that is to fay, Constable of the

Caftle

Hosted

AD. 1817.

570 GEO. III.

C .62.

229:

Cattle of Limerick ; Constable of the Cattle of Dublin; Constable abolished on

of the Cattle of Cajllemain; no Salary or Allowances whatsoever, Termination of

other than, and except the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Here- exl ms ntere %

ditaments attached to the said Offices respectively, shall be paid or

payable out of His Majefty’s Civil Lift or otherwise to the faid

Officers, or to any or either of them ; but all such Salaries or

Allowances (except as aforesaid) shall cease and determine ; and the-

said Salaries and Allowances (except as aforesaid) are hereby, from

and after the respective times when the said Offices shall refpe£tively

become vacant at any time after the patting of this A£t, wholly.

abolifhed.

V.	And be it further enabled, That the several and respective Certain Offices Duties of the several and refpe£tive Offices in Ireland hereafter men- re^ulared. tioned; that is to fay, Clerk of the Couneil; Mutter Matter General; Pratique Matter of the Fort of Dublin; Storekeeper of the

Cuftoms in the said Port; shall from and after and upon the refpec-tive Terminations of the refpecttive present existing Interefts in each of the said Offices respectively, and as each of the said Offices shall become vacant upon the Termination of such present existing Inte^ rests, be regulated under the Provifions hereinafter in this A<ft contained ; and shall thereafter be executed and performed by the several and respective Persons to be appointed to execute the fame in Person.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That from time to time as any Lord Lieute-

of such Four last mentioned Offices shall become vacant upon the nant of Ireland, Termination of the present existing Intereft or Interefts therein, it Concur-ffiall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in Concurrence with the p^vifion^forlhe Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Trea- Execution of the fury for the time being, or any Three or more of such Commif- Duties of such fioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to regulate Offices becoming the Duties and Eftablifhments of the faid	laft mentioned Offices	fo	E^hahon^f^6

becoming vacant, so as that the said Duties fhall	be performed	in	exTtjm* Interefts ■

Person by such and such Number of fit and proper Persons as may and appoint Sa-be sufficient and necessary to perform and	execute	the Duties to	be	laries adequate

done, performed and executed in the faid	Offices,	as the said Lord	to the DutieL,.

Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland and Refponfi 1 »-the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury shall deem fit, each,3Office, with such Salaries or Emoluments as shall be ordered and appointed

by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, in that Behalf; Regard being had in every, such case to the Nature and Extent of the Duties to be performed, and to the Refponfibility which may attach or belong to the several and refpe<ftive Officers or Persons executing the Duties of the said Offices respectively and all such Regulations, Appointments and Salaries, when so made and eftablifiled, shall become and be in full Force and Effect in relation to the said Offices respectively; any thing contained in any A£t or A<fts of Parliament, or any Law or Usage, Cuftom or Pra&ice, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer Treasury to lay or Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treafury? or any Three or more before Parl*a-of them for the time being* shall within Six Weeks after the Regula- ment Statement tion under the Provifions of this A<ft of any such Office so becoming of

vacant as aforesaid, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or if Parlia-	a	1

Q 3	ment

Hosted

230

C. 62.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

ment shall not be then fitting, then within Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, lay before both Houfes of Parliament an Account of such new Efta-blifhment of the Office so regulated, with a Statement of the Number of Offices and Amount of Salaries of each respectively, together with a Statement of the former Eftablifhment of the Office so regulated.

Offices of Com- VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after and upon million ers of the the respective Terminations of the respective present existing Interefts ^oar^°^Wo^s in each and every of the Offices of Commissioners of the Board of become vacant^ Works in Ireland, and as each of the said Offices shall respectively &c. ;	become vacant upon the Termination of the present existing Inte-

rests, each and every of the said Offices shall respectively be abolifh-ed, and the said Offices shall not, nor shall any of them, from and after the palling of this A£t, be granted to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the said Offices are	hereby, from and after the

refpe£tive times when the fame fhall	refpeftively become vacant,

and Lord Lieu- wholly abolilhed ; and after the Offices of the said Commissioners tenant, with shall become vacant, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieute-Concurrence of nant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time make^Arran	being* m Concurrence with the Lord	High Treasurer or the Comments for the	miffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury	for the time being, to make

Execution in fnch Arrangement, by the Appointment of One or more Officer or Person of Duties Officers, as shall provide for the efficient Execution in Person of all under Charge of Duties connected with the Superintendence of the public Buildings t le Lid Board. now un(^er t|ie Charge of the said Board of Works, at such reafon-able Rate of Salary or Salaries as shall be sufficient for the Purpose; and an Account of every such Appointment and Rate of Salary shall be laid before Parliament in like manner as by this A£t is required with refpetft to the Regulation of other Offices under this

Aa.

Savings arising IX. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money ariilng by new Regula- from Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, which shall by reason of the EftTbliffiment of Regulation °f anY such Office be more than sufficient to defray the such Offices to Salaries and incidental Charges of the new Eflablifhment of any such go to the Con- Office, shall be paid (by the Orders and Direaions of the Lord iolidated Fund. High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, which Orders and Dire&ions the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to make and give for that Purpofe) into the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, and shall be carried to and make Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United

Kingdom; any thing in any A£t or A6ts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided always, that any such Salary or Allowance as shall be payable to any or either of the said Offices out of the Civil Lift of Ireland, shall be carried to and make Part of the said Confolidated Fund during the Life of His present Majesty only, and no longer, unless Provifion shall hereafter be made by Parliament for that Purpofe.

Persons belong- X. And be it further enabled, That every Office and Appointing to the said ment belonging to and making Part of the Eftablifhment of any of Stated 'inoT	faH	Offices	respectively,	when	fo regulated as aforesaid, shall be

IjilTof littffigPor deemed and taken to be a new Office within the true Intent and Voting as Mem- Meaning of an A& passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of ters of the	His

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 62,63.

231

His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for declaring what Persons House of shall be disabled from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of Commons. the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ; and also for car- 41	c‘5a'

rying into ejfeft Part of the Fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what cases Persons holding Offices or Places of Proft under the Crown of IrelandJhall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom; and every Person holding any such Office /hall be incapable of fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons ; and every such Officer who ffiall fit or vote in the House of Commons /hall be liable and subject to the Penalties and Forfeit-ures contained in the said recited A 61 with respect to such Person or Persons as /hall be disabled or incapacitated by the holding or accepting of any Office, Employment or Place of Profit in the said A 61 enumerated and particularized.

XL And be it further enacted, That from and after and upon the Office of Keeper Termination of the present existing Intereft in the Office of Keeper of the Privy of the King’s Privy Seal for Ireland, the said Office /hall be granted ^ea! !n JrelancJ during The King’s Pleafure only ; and that the said Office /hall	6

from thenceforth always be holden, and the Duties thereof /hall pieafure and ~ be executed, by the Person who for the time being /hall hold the holden in manner Office of Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief herein mention-Governor or Governors of Ireland: Provided always, that none of	the

the Provifions in this A£t before contained, with respect to the feve- x,o?dLi^4nanu ral other Offices hereinbefore mentioned, /hall extend to the said Office of Keeper of the Privy Seal; but that the said Office shall, from and after the Termination of the present existing Intereft therein, be holden by such Chief Secretary for the time being in like manner in all Refpe&s as the fame was usually holden before the Grant of such present existing Intereft.

CAP. LXIIL

An A6I to regulate the Offices of Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal.	[7th	JWy 1817.]

€ TT THE REAS it is expedient that the respective Offices of

* VV Clerks of the Signet and of Clerks of the Privy Seal

€ Ihould be regulated t’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s

Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from AfterTermina-

and after and upon the respective Terminations of the respective tion of exifting

exifting Interefts in each of the said Offices of Clerks of the Signet

and Privy Seal respectively, and as each of the said Offices /hall signerand°Privy

become vacant, upon the Termination of such present existing Inte- Seal to be per-

rests, the Duties of the said Offices respectively shall be executed formed in Per-

and performed by the several and respective Persons who shall be f°n*

appointed to execute the fame in Person.

II.	And be it further enacted. That from time to time as any of Treafuryto the said Offices of the Clerks of the Signet and of the Clerks of the makeProvifion Privy Seal respectively, /hall become vacant, upon the Termination ^ th0ffh-CU~ of the present existing Interefts therein respectively, it /hall be lawful Duties of Uiz for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Bri- offices, tain and Ireland} or the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of

Q I	the

Hosted

232

C. 63.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

and for Salaries,

&c.

Treasury to lay Statements of former and new Eftablifhment before Parliament.

Savings arising by new Regulations to go to the Confolidated Fund.

Persons belonging to the said Offices, when regulated, incapable of fitting or voting as Members of the House of Commons.

6 Ann. c. 7.

15 G. 2. c. aa.

the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, to regulate the Duties and Eftabliffiments of the Offices so becoming vacant, so as that the said Duties ffiall be performed in Person by such Number of fit and proper Persons to be appointed by the Persons authorized to appoint such respective Clerks as the said Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them ffiall deem fit, with such Salaries or Emoluments as ffiall be ordered and appointed by the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them in that behalf, Regard being had in every such case to the Nature and Extent of the Duties to be performed, and to the Refpon-fibility which may attach or belong to the several and respective Officers or Persons executing the Duties of the said Offices refpec-tively; and all such Regulations, Appointments and Salaries, when so made and eilabliffied, ffiall become and be in full Force and Effedl in relation to the said Offices respectively ; any thing contained in any Adi or Adis of Parliament, or any Eaw or Laws, or Usage, Cuftom or Pradlice, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further euacted, That the said Lord High Trea-furer or Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom, or any Three or more of them for the time being, ffiall, within Six Weeks after the Regulation under the Provifions of this Adi, of any such Office of Clerk of the Signet or Clerk of the Privy Seal so becoming vacant as aforesaid, if Parliament ffiall be then fitting, or if Parliament ffiall not be then fitting, then within Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Sefiion of Parliament, lay before both Houfes of Parliament an Account of such new Eftabliffi-ment of the Office so regulated, with a Statement of the Number of Offices and Amount of Salaries of each respectively, together with a Statement of the former Eftablifhment of the Office so regulated.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money arising from Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, which ffiall by reason of the Regulation of any such Offices of Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal respectively be more than sufficient to defray the Salaries and incidental Charges of the new Eftablifhment of any such Office, ffiall, by the Orders and Diredlions of the said Lord High Trea-furer or Commissioners of the Treasury (which Orders and Directions the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to make and give for that Purpofe) be carried to and paid into and make Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; any thing in any Acl or Adts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enacted, That every Office and Appointment belonging to and making Part of the Eftablifhment of any of the said Offices respectively, when so regulated as aforesaid under the Provifions of this Adi, ffiall be deemed and taken to be a new Office within the true Intent and Meaning of an Adi pasted in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne; and every Person holding any such Office ffiall be incapable of fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons ; and every such Officer who ffiall fit or vote in the House of Commons ffiall be liable and subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures contained in an Adi pasted in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty

Hosted

AJD. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.63, 64.

233

King George the Second, intituled An Aft to exclude certain Officers from being Members of the House of Commons.

CAP. LXIV.

An A£I to abolish certain Offices, and regulate others in Scotland.	[7th	July	1817.]

*	TTTHEREAS certain Offices in Scotland require to be regu-

*	VV lated, and it is expedient that certain other Offices in that c Part of the United Kingdom ffiould be aboliffied May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after and upon the Termination of the present existing Intereft in the Office of Keeper of the Great Seal for Scot* land, or when the said Office shall become vacant, it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, to grant any higher Salary to the Keeper of the Great Seal for Scotland\ nor shall any Keeper of the Great Seal for Scotland henceforth to be appointed enjoy a higher Salary in refpe£t of such Appointment than the Sum of Two thousand Pounds per Annum.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Fees heretofore charged or chargeable for or in respect of any Charters, Letters Patent or other Inftruments palling the Great Seal of Scotland, shall continue to be paid and payable for or in respect of such Inftruments palling the fame ; and all such Fees shall be applied, in the first Place, in the paying and defraying such Salary as the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or the Com-miffioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the said United Kingdom for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall think lit to grant to the Deputy Keeper of the said Great Seal ; and, in the next Place, in the paying to the Keeper of the said Great Seal the said Salary of Two thousand Pounds per Annum hereby authorized to be granted to him ; and the Surplus of such Fees shall, at the Expiration of every Quarter, be paid to the Receiver General of Scotland for the time being, to be by him accounted for with other Public Monies received by him ; and if such Fees shall not be fuffi-cient to pay such Salary, the Balance remaining unsatisfied by such Fees shall and may be defrayed in the same manner as the Salary of the Keeper of the Great Seal is at present paid and defrayed.

III.	And be it further enatsted, That from and after and upon-the Termination of the present existing Intereft in the Office <?f Keeper of the Privy Seal for Scotland, or when the said Office shall become vacant, it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, to grant any higher Salary to the Keeper of the Privy Seal for Scotland, nor shall any Keeper of the Privy Seal for Scotland henceforth to be appointed enjoy a higher Salary in refpe£t of such Appointment than the Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds per Annum.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Fees at present charged or chargeable for or in relpedt of Inftruments palling the Privy Seal of Scotland, shall continue and be paid and payable for or in refpedf of such Inftruments passing the fame ; and all such Fees shall be

applied

After Termination of existing Interect, the Salary of Keeper of the Great Seal for Scotland limited to 2,000L per Annum.

Fees continued.

Application

thereof.

If Fees infuffi-cient, Deficiency how defrayed.

Salary of Keeper of the Privy Seal for Scotland in like manner limited to i,200L per Annum.

Fees continued.

Application

thereof.

Hosted

234

C. 64.

57“ GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

If Fees infuffi-cient, Deficiency how defrayed.

After Termination of existing lnterests, Office of Keeper of the Signet difrharged by Lord Remitter, Salary limited to i,aool. per Annum.

Clerks, &c. appointed by Treasury.

Fees continued.

Application

thereof.

Balance of Fees how and to whom to be paid.

applied in the first Place in paying and defraying such Salary as the said Lord High Treasurer, or the laid Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more ol them, shall think fit to grant to the Deputy Keeper of the said Privy Seal; and in the next Place, in the Payment of the said Salary of One thousand two hundred Pounds per Annujfn hereby authorized to be granted to the Keeper of the Privy Seal; and any Balance which may remain of such Fees shall be paid at the Expiration of every Quarter to the Receiver General of Scotland for the time being, to be by him accounted for with other Public Monies received by him ; and if such Fees shall not be sufficient to pay such Salaries, the fame shall and may be defrayed in the same manner as the Salary heretofore granted to the said Keeper of the Great Seal is paid and defrayed.

V.	And be it further enacted, That from and after and upon the Termination of the present existing lnterefls in the Offices of Keeper of the Signet and Lord Regifter in Scotland respectively, or upon either of the fame becoming vacant, the Duties of Keeper of the Signet in Scotland shall be discharged by the Lord Regifter ; and it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, to grant to any Person who shall henceforth be appointed to discharge the Duties of Lord Regifter in Scotland a higher Salary, nor shall any Person who shall be appointed to discharge such Duties enjoy a higher Salary in respect of such Appointment than One thousand two hundred Pounds per Annum ; and every Person henceforth to be appointed Lord Regifter shall discharge the Duties of Keeper of the Signet, as well as of Lord Regifter, with the Aid of such Affiftance from Clerks and other Officers as the said Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall think fit to appoint.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Sums at present paid and payable to the Keeper of the Signet for Scotland, and the Fees at present payable for or in respect of Inftruments passing the Signet in Stcotlandy and also the Fees paid and payable to the Lord Regifter for Scotland, or in refpe£l of the Duties at present discharged by any Person or Persons in the Office of the said Lord Regifter, shall continue to be paid and payable in the same manner as such Fees refpecftively are now paid and payable ; and such Fees shall be applied in the first Place in satisfying and paying such Salaries or Allowances as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit to grant and direct to be paid to any Person or Persons whom they may think necefiary for the due Difeharge of the Bufinefs appertaining to the Offices of Lord Regifter and Keeper of the Signet for Scotland respectively; and in the next Place, in the Payment of the said Salary of One thousand two hundred Pounds per Annum hereby authorized to be granted to the Person holding the ffaid Office of Lord Regifter ; and any Balance of such Fees which shall remain after such Payment shall be paid to the Receiver General of Scotland at least Once in Three Months, or as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall direct, and shall be paid and accounted for by him with the other Public Monies received by him.

VII. Pro-

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 64.

235

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the present Provifion if existing Interefts in the said Office of Keeper of the Signet shall Office terminate, or the said Office ffiali become vacant before the present become vacant existing Interefts in the said Office of Lord Regifter ffiali ter- before that of minate, or before the said last mentioned Office ffiali become vacant, Lord P„egifter, then the Duties of Keeper of the Signet ffiali be discharged by the as to Perform-prefent Lord Regifter for Scotland', and the Duties and Eftabliffi- ance of Duties ment of the said Office of Keeper of the Signet ffiali thereupon be ^es regulated in the manner directed by this Adt; and the said Fees ap- ceiver General, pertaining to the said Office of Keeper of the Signet, or received

therein, ffiali, after paying and defraying the Salaries and Allowances to be granted to the several Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, for the due Dif-charge of the Bufmefs of the Office of Keeper to the Signet, be paid to the Receiver General for Scotland at lead Once in every Three Months, and ffiali be paid and accounted for by him in the same manner with other Public Monies received and accounted for by him.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if the present existing Tbe like Pro-Interefts in the said Office of Lord Regifter ffiali terminate, or the vision in case the said Office ffiali become vacant before the existing Interefts in the Office of Lord said Office of Keeper of the Signet ffiali terminate, or before the Regifter ffiali said last mentioned Office ffiali become vacant, then the Duties and befo^^haTof'' Eftabliffiment of the said Office of Lord Regifter ffiali be regulated Keeper of the in the manner directed by this Adi; and the Fees at present payable Signet,

for or in respect of the said Office of Lord Regifter, or received therein, after paying and defraying the Salaries and Allowances of such Person or Persons as ffiali be appointed by the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Purpofe of tranfadting the Buftnefs of the said Office of Lord Regifter, ffiali be paid and applied towards Payment of the Salary by this Adi allowed to be granted to the Lord Regifter ; and if any Balance of such Fees ffiali remain after being so applied, the fame ffiali, at least Once in Three Months, be paid to the Receiver General of Scotland, and ffiali be paid and accounted for by him in the same manner, with other Public Monies received and accounted for by him.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That every Caffiier and Receiver Offices of Caffi-General of Excife in Scotland henceforth to be appointed ffiali dif- *er and Receiver charge the Duties of the said Office in Person, subject to such Rules Gen.era<! f ,ExT and Regulations as ffiali be eftabliffied by the said Lord High regulated?and Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three Salary limited to or more of them for the time being for that Purpose, which they are i,oooL per hereby authorized and required to direct to be observed for the due Annum. Difcharge of the Duties of the said Office ; and no Caffiier or Receiver General of Excife henceforth to be appointed ffiali enjoy or

receive, for or in respect of such Appointment, a higher Salary than One thousand Pounds per Annum ; and every such Caffiier or Re- Caffiier, &c. to ceiver General ffiali give such Security for the due Difcharge of the sive Security* Duties of his Office in Person as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, ffiali think fit to order and direct in that Behalf.

X.	And be it further enacted, That no Person henceforth to be Knight Marffial appointed to either of the Offices of Knight Marffial or Vice Admiral and Vice Admi-

in

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

ral to have no Salary.

Certain other Offices regulated.

Salaries appointed by Treasury.

Fees continued.

Application

thereof.

Balance paid to Receiver General

After Termination of existing Interests, certain other Offices abolished.

C.64.

A.D. 1817.

in Scotland shall enjoy or receive any Salary whatever for or in re-fpeft of either of the said Offices.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after and upon the Termination respectively of the present existing Interefts in the under mentioned Offices, videlicet, the Office of Auditor of the Exchequer in Scotland, the Office of King’s Remembrancer in Exchequer in Scotland, the Office of Lord Treafurer’s Remembrancer in Exchequer in Scotland, the Office of Prefenrer of Signatures in Exchequer in Scotland, the Office of Keeper of the General Regifter of Seizins in Scotlandthe Office of Clerk to the Admiffion of Notaries in Scot-landy the Office of Dire&or of the Chancery in Scotland, the Office of Clerk of the Chancery in Scotland, and the Office of Clerk of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland; and so soon as the said Offices or any or either of them refpeCxively shall become vacant, the Duties thereof shall be discharged by the Officer appointed to hold the fame in Person ; and from time to time as any of the said respective Offices shall become vacant, it shall be lawful for the laid Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, to regulate the Duties and Eftablifhments of the said Offices refpe£tively as they respectively become vacant, so as that the several Duties to be discharged therein respectively shall be performed in Person ; and thereupon and thereafter such and such Number of fit and proper Persons shall be appointed, or shall be authorized and directed to be appointed, as may be sufficient and necessary to perform and execute the Duties to be done, performed and executed in the said Offices refpe£tively, as the said Commissioners shall deem fit, with such Salaries or Allowances as shall be ordered and appointed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in that behalf, Regard being had in every such case to the Nature and Extent of the Duties to be performed, and to the Refponfibility which may attach or belong to the several and respective Offices or Persons executing the Duties of the said Offices respectively ; and all such Regulations, Appointments, Salaries and Allowances when so made and established shall become and be in full Force and Effect in relation to the said Offices respectively, any thing contained in any A 61 or A6ts of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or Usage, Cuftom or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided always, that any Fees at present charged or chargeable for or in refpe6t of any of the said Offices, or received or receivable according to Law in any of the said Offices respectively, shall continue to be received ; and the fame shall be applied in Payment of the Salary or Salaries, Allowance or Allowances, authorized by this A6t to be granted or made in each of the said Offices in which such Fees shall be received ; and if any Balance of such Fees shall remain after paying and satisfying such Salaries or Allowances respectively, the fame shall be paid at lead Once in Three Months to the Receiver General of Scotland, and shall by him be paid and accounted for in the same manner with any Public Monies received and accounted for by him.

XII. And be it further enabled, That from and after and upon the Termination refpe£tively of the existing Interefts in the following Offices ; videlicet, the Office/ of One of the Clerks of the Pipe in Scotlandy the Office of Clerk Affiftant to the General Surveyors and Infpe&ors of Taxes in Scotland, the Office of Comptroller General

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. nr.

C.6*.

23 7

of the Cuftoms in Scotland, the Office of Receiver of Bi(hops’ Rents in	Scotland,the Offices of Infpe&ors of Wheel Carriages in Scotland,

the Office of Gazette Writer in Scotland, and the Office of Infpedtor General of the Roads in Scotland, without Prejudice nevertheless to Prov‘f° f°r Du-the Difcharge of the Duties of the Infpedor of Roads, pursuant to tl5®Lof JnfPe<^or an Ad passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present °nt t°a S pUr U Majesty, intituled An Ad: for maintaining and keeping in Repair cer- 54 G. 3. c. 104. tain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland for the Purpofe of Military.

Communication, and for making more effectual Provijion for maintaining and repairing Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commijfioners for Highland Roads and Bridges ; and so soon as any of the said Offices ffiall become vacant, the fame shall be and from thenceforth become for ever aboliffied.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That it ffiall and may be Treasury to or-

lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, and der how Bithops* they are hereby authorized and required, to order and direct in what	be

manner the Biffiops’ Rents in Scotland, heretofore collected by the

said Collector of Biffiops’ Rents, ffiall be collected at the least possible -Expence with Certainty and Safety after the Abolition of the said Office, and to grant such Salary, or to make such Allowances, as Salary, Sec. ffiall be deemed necessary for that Purpofe.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer Treasury to lay or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them before Parlia-for the time being, ffiall, within Six Weeks after the Regulation, ment a compara-under the Provifions of this Ad, of any Office hereby directed to be formeraidC regulated, if Parliament ffiall be then fitting, or if Parliament ffiall not ngVV Eftablih-be then fitting, within Six Weeks after the Commencement of the ment,

next Session of Parliament, lay before both Houfes of Parliament an Account of every new Eftabliffiment of any such Office so regulated, with a Statement of the Number of Officers, and Amount of Salaries or Allowances of each respectively, together with a Statement*of the former Eftabliffiment of the Office so regulated ; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury ffiall in like manner within the above mentioned Period lay before Parliament a Statement of every Office that ffiall be aboliffied under the Provifions of this Ad, ffiewing the Saving thereby made to the Public.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That the Regulation of any Regulation of

Office under the Provifions of this Ad, which was an Office existing any Office exift-previous to an Ad passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her *.nSprevious t0 late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Ad for the Security of Her jjot	it

Majejly’s P erf on and Government, and of the Succejfton to the Crown within the Pro-of Great Britain in the Protejlant Line, ffiall not be held to be a visions of that new Office within the Intent and Meaning of that Ad of Parlia- Ad.

ment; but every Person holding any such Office so regulated ffiall be and remain in the fame Situation with respect to that Ad of Parliament, as if the fame had not been regulated under the Provifions of this Ad.

CAP.

Hosted

- A''

238

C.65.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

After the Expiration of certain Periods, His Majesty em powered to grant Penfionsof 3,qocL to Per-fons holding certain Offices, under Limita-tioas and Re-ftn&ions herein irentioned.

CAP. LXV.

An A£f to enable His Majesty to recompense the Services of Persons holding, or who have held, certain high and efficient Civil Offices.	[7th	July 1817.]

6 WHEREAS the Abolition and Regulation of various Offices ‘ VV will deprive the Crown of Part of the Means by which

*	His Majesty has been heretofore enabled to recompense the Services

*	of Persons holding, or who have heFd, high and efficient Civil 4 Offices : And Whereas it is expedient and necessary, and consistent 4 with found Policy and proper Economy, that upon the Abolition 4 and Regulation of various Offices of Emolument, other Means 4 ffiould be afforded to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, of 4 recompenling the meritorious Services of Persons filling or who 1 have filled high effective Civil Offices, and making competent Pro-4 vision for Persons holding such Offices upon their quitting or being 4 removed from the fameMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That after the Expiration of Two Years from the passing of this Adt, it ffiall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to grant unto .any Person who shall have served His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, for any Period not less than Two Years in the whole, either uninterruptedly or at different times, in any one or more of the Offices of First Lord of the Treasury or of one of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or Chancellor of the Exchequer, or First Lord of the Admiralty, a Penfion during Life not exceeding Three thou-fand Pounds per Annum; and at the Expiration of every further progressive Period of Two Years more from the passing of this Adt, to grant in like manner other like Penfions to any other such Persons as aforesaid, until, at the Expiration of Twelve Years from the passing of this Adt, Six of such Penfions shall have been granted in the whole; and from and after such Six Penfions of Three Thou-fand Pounds each ffiall have been granted to Six such Persons as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, to grant any further or other Penfion in respect of any such Offices as aforesaid : Provided always, that from time to time whenever and as often as any such Penfion shall cease, by Death, Forfeiture or Refignation thereof respectively of the Person holding the fame, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, to grant in like manner other like Penfions to any other such Persons as aforesaid, under such and the like Circumstances, Limitations, and R-eftridtions as aforesaid; so as that no more or greater Number of such Penfions than are allowed under the Provifions of this Adt shall be in force at the same time, and so as that after the Expiration of Twelve Years no greater Number than Six such Penfions shall thereafter be granted or existing at any one and the same time, except as is in this Ad excepted.

« II. And

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 65.

23'J

4 II. And Whereas it may be essential to the Good of His 1 Majefty’s Service, and is therefore expedient and necessary, that ( His Majesty should be empowered to grant One other like Penfion,

* not subject to such Limitations and Reftriftions as aforefaidp Be it therefore farther enabled, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by any Three or more of the said Commif-fioners of the Treasury for the time being, to grant, at any time after the Expiration of Two Years from the passing of this Aft, One other like Penfion of Three thousand Pounds, to any Person who shall hold or who shall have held any One or more of such Offices as aforesaid, although the Person to whom such Penfion shall be so granted shall not have held any such Office as aforesaid for such Period of Two Years as aforesaid, and although the full Number of Penfions allowed to be granted under the Provifions of this Aft shall have been then granted and remain in force : Provided always, that every such Penfion so granted as aforesaid shall be deemed a fuper-numerary Penfion, and shall, upon the ceasing of the first of any such Penfions as shall then be in force under the Provifions of this Aft, become and be and be deemed, considered and counted as One of the Number of Penfions allowed by this Aft, as if the fame had been granted at the Expiration of any Period allowed by this Aft, or upon the ceasing of any One of the Number of Penfions allowed by this Aft.

III. And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of Four Years from the palling of this Aft, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by any Three or more of the Gommiffioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, to grant to any Person who shall have served His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, for any Period not less than Five Years in the whole, either uninterruptedly or at different times, in either or both of the Offices of Chief Secretary for Ireland, or Secretary at War, a Penfion during Life not exceeding Two thousand Pounds per Annum ; and at and upon the Expiration of every further progressive Period of Four Years more from the passing of tliis Aft, to grant in like manner other like Penfions to any other such Persons as aforesaid, until, at the Expiration of Twelve Years from the passing of this Aft, Three of such Penfions shall have been granted in the whole; and from and after such Three Penfions of Two thousand Pounds each shall have been granted to Three such Persons as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, to grant any further or other such Penfion in respect of any of such Offices as aforesaid : Provided always, that from time to time, when and as often as any such Penfion shall cease, by Death, Forfeiture or Relignation thereof respectively of the Person holding the fame, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, to grant in like manner other like Penfions to any other such Persons as aforesaid, under such and the like Cir-cumstances, Limitations and Reftriftions as aforesaid ; so as that no more or greater Number of such Penfions than are allowed under the Provifions of this Aft shall be in force at the same time, and so as that after the Expiration of Twelve Years no greater Number than Three such Penfions shall thereafter be granted or existing at one and the same time.

IV, And

His Majesty empowered to grant one other like Penfion, not subject to the laid Limitations, although Six filled up, to be deemed a fuper-numerary Penfion; and become One of the regular Number on the first falling in.

After the Expiration of certain Periods, His Majesty allowed to grant Penfions of 2,oool. to certain other Persons holding Civil Offices, under Limitations and Reftriftions* herein mentioned.

Hosted

240

C. 65.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

After the Expiration of certain Periods, His Majelty empowered to grant Penfions of itfool. to certain other Persons holding Civil Offices, under Limitations and Reftri&ions herein mentioned.

Duties of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland altered by 56 G. 3. c.98.

HisMajefty may grant a Penfion to any Person having been Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, and afterwards holding any efficient Office as herein mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of Two Years from the passing of this Aft, it shall be lawful for HisMajefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to grant to any Person who shall have served His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, for any Period not less than Five Years, in any one or more of the Offices of One of the Joint Secretaries of the Treasury, or First Secretary of the Admiralty, a Penfion during Life not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum ; and at the Expiration of every further pro-greffive Period of Two Years more from the passing of this Aft, to grant in like manner another like Penfion to any other such Person as aforesaid, until, at the Expiration of Twelve Years from the passing of this Aft, Six of such last mentioned Penfions shall have been granted in the whole; and from and after such Six Penfions of One thousand five hundred Pounds each shall have been granted to Six such Persons as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, to grant any further or other Penfion in respect of any such last mentioned Offices as aforesaid : Provided always, that from time to time, when and as often as any such Penfion shall cease, by Death, Forfeiture or Refignation thereof respectively of the Person holding the fame, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, to grant in like manner other like Penfions to any other such Persons as aforesaid, under such and the like Cir-cumstances, Limitations and Reftriftions as aforesaid ; so as that no more or greater Numbers of such Penfions than are allowed under the Provifions of this Aft shall be in force at the same time, and so as that after the Expiration of Twelve Years no greater Number than Six such Penfions shall thereafter be granted or existing at any one and the fame Period of time.

‘ V. And Whereas, in consequence of the Provifions contained

<	in an Aft made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An ASt ‘ to unite and consolidate into one Fund all the Public Revenues of € Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof

*	to the General Service of the United Kingdom, the Duties of the

*	Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, from and after the Fifth

*	Day of January last, have become such as not to require that the

<	Services of any Person who may hereafter fill the said Office should ‘ be recompensed in respect thereof in the same manner as hereto-c fore; but it may happen that some Person or Persons, having

*	filled the said Office for some Period less than Five Years before 1 the said Fifth Day of January, may be appointed to some other € high and efficient Office, in respect whereof a Penfion is granted c by this Aft ;y Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, under the Regulations of this Aft, to grant to any Person who shall have filled the Office of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland for any Period previous to the said Fifth Day of January, and who shall serve His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, in any other Office, in respect whereof His Majesty is by this Aft enabled to grant any Penfion less than Three thousand Pounds, and who shall have served and shall serve in the said Office of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, and also in any one or more of the said other Offices, not less than Five Years in the whole, reckoning the Period during which such Person shall have

filled

Hosted by ^.

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO, III.

C. 65.

241

filled the Office of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland as Part of the said Five Years, a Penlion to the like Amount, and in like manner and under the like Regulations in all respects, as His Majesty,

His Heirs and Succeffiors, are by this A61 enabled to grant to any Person having served not less than Five Years in one or more of such other Offices respectively.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of Two -After the Ex-

Years from the palling of this A 61, it ffiall be lawful for His Majesty, P,ratj°n of cer-His Heirs and Succeffiors, by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Majesty em-Manual, counterligned by any Three or more of the Commissioners of powered to grant His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to grant to any Person Penfions of who ffiall have served His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffiors, for any i»oool. to certain Period not less than Ten Years in any One or more of the Offices of	c!vftS

the Under Secretaries of State, or Clerk of the Ordnance, or Second offices under Secretary to the'Admiralty, a Penfion during Life not exceeding One Limitations and thousand Pounds per Annum; and at the Expiration of every further Reftri&ions as progressive Period of Two Years more from the palling of this A61, ^ereln men*

to grant in like manner another like Penlion to any other such Person noned‘ as aforesaid, until the Expiration of Twelve Years from the palling of this A61, Six of such last mentioned Penfions ffiall have been granted in the whole ; and from and after such Six Penfions of One thousand Pounds each ffiall have been granted to Six such Persons as aforesaid, it ffiall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffiors, to grant any further or other Penfion in refpe6t of any such last mentioned Offices as aforesaid: Provided always, that from time to time and as often as any such Penfion ffiall cease, by Death, For-* feiture, or Refignation thereof refpe£tively of the Person holding the fame, it ffiall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffiors, to grant in like manner other like Penfions to any other such Person as aforesaid, under such and the like Circumstances, Limitations and Reftri&ions as aforesaid; so as that no more or greater Number of Penfions than are allowed under the Provifions of this A 61 ffiall be in force at the same time, and so as that after the Expiration of Twelve Years no greater Number than Six such Penfions ffiall thereafter be granted or existing at any one and the fame Period of time.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case it ffiall When Perfons

happen that any . Person ffiall have served His Majesty, His Heirs or !™ve served Eight Succeffiors, in more than One of the Claffes of Offices specified in	of	certain

this A61, in refpefl whereof His Majesty is by this A 61 enabled to offices the Pen-grant any Penlion less than Three thousand Pounds, it ffiall be lawful fion attached to for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffiors, to grant under the Re- the highest Clafs gulations of this Ac! to such Person any Penfion not exceeding such of such Offices Penfion as is annexed to the highest Clafs of Office in which such ^Thre^Years* Person may have been emploved, whenever the whole Period of the Service in the Service bf such Person in the ieveral Offices in which he shall have highest Office, been employed ffiall amount to Eight Years, although the Period of

the Service of such Person in such highest Clafs ffiall not have extended to the Period of Five Years; provided always, that such Person ffiall have served in such highest Clafs for a Period of not less than Three Years.

VIII.	And be it further ena6led, That every Grant of any Pen- Regulations as to

fion under this A6I, if made to any Person actually holding at the r>e^°Ps Period of such Grant any Office entitling him to the fame, ffiall not	^	~Q

take effe6l during the time of the Person to whom such Penfion t],7 t Udm? Pffea

57 Geo. III.	R	ffiall	'

Hosted

24:I

C. 65.

57° GEO. III.

Sufpenfion and Abatement of fuels Penfions.

Intereft of Per. fons in Office to cease with re-fpe£t to such Office on obtaining Penfions.

Persons holding Penfions heretofore granted (Exception) on obtaining Penfions under this Aft, to relin-quifh such previous Penfions, and the fame to go to Confoli-dated Fund.

Order of Trea-fury in refpe<ft thereof valid,

A.D.1817.

shall be granted continuing to hold such Office; and that every Grant of any Penfion made under this A£t shall also contain a Pro-vifion and Limitation for the Sufpenfion of such Penfion during the Period of the Person to whom the fame is granted holding any Office, Place or Employment under His Majesty, the Salary or Profits whereof shall be not less than double the Amount of such Penfion, and shall also contain a Provifion and Limitation for the Abatement of One Half of the Penfion granted, during the time any Person having any such Penfion shall continue to hold any Place, Office or Employment under His Majesty of equal or greater Amount in Salary, Profit or Emolument than the Amount of such Penfion ; and no Grant of any such Penfion shall be valid unless such Grant shall contain such Provifions and Limitations as aforesaid.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Penfion shall be granted under the Provifions of this A£t to any Person holding any Office, Place or Employment, or any Offices, Places or Employments, for the Abolition or Regulation of which any Provifion shall have been made by any A£l or Acts of Parliament which shall have been passed in the present Session of Parliament, or which shall have been included and returned in the Lift made out and certified under the Provifions of this A6t; then and in every such case all the In-tereft of such Person in such Office or Offices, Place or Places, Employment or Employments, shall, upon and from the time of the P^eceipt of any Payment to such Person in respect of such Penfion, wholly cease and determine ; and every such Office, Place or Employment, which shall by the ceasing of such Intereft became vacant, shall thereupon be abolished or regulated according to the Provifions contained in relation thereto in any such A6t or A6ls of Parliament as aforesaid of this present Selfion of Parliament.

X.	And be it further enabled, That all the Right, Title, Claim and Intereft of any Person to whom any Penfion shall be granted under the Provifions of this Adi, in every other Penfion which maybe held by such Person (other than and except such Penfion or Penfion9 as are or may be charged by any Adi or Adis of Parliament upon the Confolidated Fund) shall, upon and from the Commencement of any Penfion granted under the Provifions of this Adi, wholly cease and determine; and the Amount of every such Penfion shall, from and after such Determination thereof, and during the Period of the Intereft of such Person in such Penfion, go to and make Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandy or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall and theyr are hereby required in every such case to order and direct the retaining in or paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Credit of and as Part of the said Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, the Amount of every such Penfion during the Period of the Intereft of such Person therein, and so long as such Person would have been entitled to hold, take and receive the fame under any Letters Patent, Warrant, Inftrument or Grant by which such Person held or received such Penfion ; and all such Orders and Dire&ions so made by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall be valid and effectual, and be carried into Execution by all Persons concerned in the issuing or paying any such Penfions; any

i o*	thing

Hosted by ^.

57° GEO. III.

C. 65.

243

thing contained in any A& or ACfs of Parliament, or Letters Patent, Warrant, Inftrument or Grant, or Law or Cuftom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That every Penfion granted under this ACt shall be issued and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, next in Order of Payment to and after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed to be paid by any former ACfc or ACts, but with Preference to all other Payments hereafter to be charged thereon as aforesaid ; and the fame shall from time to time be paid and payable quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, at the four usual Days of Payment in the Year ; (that is to fay) the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April> the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of 0Bober, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

XII.	And bo it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direCt Debentures to be made forth and palled by the proper Officers at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer from time to time, for paying the said several Penfions or Sums of Money in manner as aforesaid, and as the fame shall from time to time become due and payable, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this ACt, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Pail: thereof; which said Warrants and Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon refpeCtively, shall be sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of all such Penfions or Sums of Money at the refpeCtive Days in this ACt before appointed for such Payments, without any further or other Warrants to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That after the signing of any such Warrants or Debentures respectively, the fame shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this A<ff, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demife of His Majesty (whom God long preferve) or any of his Heirs or Succeffors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power* Office or Offices of them or any of them.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury and Lord High Treasurer, Chancellor and Under Trea* surer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Minifters of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Ads, Matters and things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them or any or either of them, in order to render this ACt and the several Payments hereby directed effectual.

R 2	XV,	And

Penfions under this A£i payable Quarterly out of the Confolidated Fund, free from Taxes.

The Treasury may by Warrant direct the Officers of the Exchequer to pais Debentures for Payment of the Penfions, without Fees.

Warrants not determinable on the Dea-th of His Majesty, &c.

The Treasury and Exchequer to do without Fee all things herein directed.

Hosted

£44

C. 65.

.57° GEO. III.

AD. 1817*

The Receipts of the Penfioners to be sufficient DUcharges.

Penfions Tax. free.

Officers of the Exchequer i e-fuling to pay, &c.

Remedy.

Certified Liifs of all Offices abo-liffied or regu-laced by any A£t of the present Seflion, to be returned to the Exchequer, and Accounts to be laid by Treasury before Parliament at the Commencement of every Session, of the Offices abolished or regulate d since the faffing of tuch A 61s.

■XV. And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom any such Penfions ffiall have been granted as aforesaid, ffiall be good and sufficient Difcharges for the Payment of the said Penfions respectively before mentioned, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said several Penfions, and every Part thereof ffiall be clear and free from all Taxes, Impo-fitions and other Charges whatsoever ; and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer ffiall refuse or neglect to pay any such Penfion, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, or to do any Aft necessary rto enable any Person to whom any such Penfion ffiall have been granted as aforesaid to receive the fame, then any such Person as aforesaid may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, by Bill, Plaint or Aftion of Debt, and ffiall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Execution thereupon against such Officers respectively, their re-fpeftive Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, for so much of any such Penfion respectively, then due and owing, or any Part thereof, as ffiall be in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when such Demand ffiall have been legally made for Payment of any such Penfions, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refufal or Negleft to do any Aft necessary to be done by any such Officer or Officers respectively.

4 XVI. And Whereas it is expedient that Accounts ffiould be ■* from time to time laid before Parliament of-the various Offices

<	which may be aboliffied or regulated by or under or in pursuance c of any of the Provifions of any Aft or Afts of Parliament which.

<	may be palled in the present Session of ParliamentBe it therefore enacted, That within One Month after the Expiration of the present Session of Parliament, a Lift ffiall be made out and certified by the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandor any Three or more of them for the time being, and returned to and entered in the Exchequer*, of all Offices and Places which have been aboliffied, or for the Abolition or Regulation of which any Provifion ffiall have been made by any Aft or Afts of Parliament which shall have been palled in the present Session of Parliament; and the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom, or Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or some Three or more of them for the time being, shall within Six Weeks after the next Session of Parliament cause Accounts to be laid before both Houfes of Parliament of every Office contained in such Lift, together with every Office dependent upon any Office contained in such Lift, which shall have been aboliffied or become vacant, and been regulated under or in pursuance of the Provifions of any Aft or Afts of this present Session of Parliament since the palling thereof respectively; and ffiall also from time to time cause like Returns to be made to both Houfes of Parliament within Six Weeks after the Meeting of every subsequent Session of Parliament, until all the Offices contained in such Lift, and all Offices dependent upon any such Offices, ffiall have been aboliffied or regulated in manner directed by the said Afts of Parliament*

CAP,

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 66,

2 45'

CAP. LXVL A11 Aft; to amend an Aft of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for fupprefting or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Board of Trade *, and for enabling the Vice President of the Board of Trade to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Poftage.	[7th	July	1817.]

6 Xlf 7 HE REAS an Aft passed in the Twenty second Year of the e VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad, for enabling € His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil Lift 6 Revenues, and for preventing the fame from being in Arrear for

*	the futurey by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said 6 Revenues, and by fupprejjhig or regulating certain Offices therein men-

*	tioned which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Lift :

*	And Whereas it is expedient to make Provifion for enabling His ‘ Majesty to grant a competent Salary to the Person holding the

*	Office of Vice President of the Committee of Council appointed for ( the Confideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plan-

*	tations, in consideration of the Duties and Refponfibility attached

*	to the said Office Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it ffiall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order or Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by the Lord High Treasurer, or by the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to order and direct that the Vice President of the Committee of Couneil, appointed for the Confideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, for the time being, ffiall have a Salary not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to be paid and payable out of the Fee Fund of the Council Office ; and such Office ffiall not, by reason of such Salary being annexed thereto, be deemed a new Office : Provided always, that no such Order or Warrant, or Receipt of Salary under the fame by the Person holding such Office at the time of passing ^his Aft, shall make void the Eleftion of any such Person, nor ffiall any new Writ issue for a new Eleftion in confe-quence of any such Order or Warrant, or Receipt of Salary under the fame ; any thing in any Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithstanding.

6 II. And Whereas by an Aft passed in the Forty sixth Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled A11 Ad to authorise cer-

*	tain Public Officers to fend and receive Letters and Packets by the

*	Poft free from the Duty of Postage, certain Public Officers therein

*	named were authorized to fend and receive Letters by the Poft 4 free from the Duty of Poftage in the United Kingdom, in the man-6 ner and under the Reftriftions therein mentioned : And Whereas 4 it is expedient that the Vice President of the Committee of Council 6 appointed for the Confideration of matters relating to Trade and 4 Foreign Plantations ffiould in like manner fend and receive Letters 6 and Packets by the Poft free from PoftageBe it therefore .enacted, That from and after the passing of this Aft it ffiall be lawful for the Vice President of the Committee of Couneil, appointed for

R 3	the

22 O. 3. r. 3r,.

Salary of a,ocol. ro the Vice President of the Board of Trade.

Not to be con-fidered a new Office.

46 G. 3. c. 61. 5 1-

Vice President to receive and fend Letters and

Hosted

246

C. 66,67.

57“ GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Packets free of Portage.

14 G. 3. c. 9Z,

Office of Warden of the Mint aboliftied after Termination of exirting Intereft. Duties to be performed by the Mafter and Worker of the Mint without any additional Salary, Sec.

the Confideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, for the time being, to fend and receive Letters and Packets by the Poll free from the "Duty of Poflage within the United Kingdom, in the same manner and under such Reftridlions as the several Public Officers specified in the said recited Adi are authorized by the Laws now in force to fend' and receive Letters and Packets free from Poftage.

CAP. LXVII.

An Adi to regulate certain Offices, and aboliffi others, in His Majefty’s Mints in England and Scotland respectively.

[7th July 1817.]

c WHEREAS the Duties of the Office of Warden of His 4 VV Majefty’s Mint in England have been heretofore usually 4 executed by Deputy ; and several of the said Duties have, under 4 an Order of His Royal Highness the Prince Regent in Couneil, 4 and certain Indentures of the Mint made in pursuance thereof, been 4 transferred to the Mafter and other Officers of the Mint: And 4 Whereas an Adi parted in the Fourteenth Year of His present 4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad. for regulating and ascertaining 4 the Weights to be made use of in Weighing the Gold and Silver Coin 4 of this Kingdom : And Whereas the Duties required by the said 4 Adi to be performed by the said Warden may be executed by the 4 Mafter of the Mint or his Deputy ; and it is therefore expedient 4 that the said Office of Warden should, upon the Termination of the 4 present existing Intereft therein, be abolished:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be enacted by The King5s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Office of Warden of His Majefty’s Mint in England ffiall, upon the Termination of the present existing Intereft therein, be wholly abolished ; and that from and after the parting of this Adi, all the Duties required to be performed by the said Warden, under or by virtue of the said recited Adi of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, shall be performed by His Majesty's Mafter and Worker of the said Mint, or his Deputy; and for that Purpofe all the Powers and Authorities belonging or appertaining to the said Office of Warden of the Mint, whether such Powers and Authorities, or any of them, are required to be executed and performed by the said Warden alone, or by the said Warden in conjundlion with the said Mafter, or with any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall immediately from and after the parting of this Adi become and be and remain veiled in His Majesty's Mafter and Worker of the said Mint for the time being, without any special or other Appointment for that Purpose, or in that behalf; and every such Mafter and Worker for the time being, or his Deputy, (hart and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required to perform all such Duties, and for that Purpofe to use and exercise all such Powers and Authorities, and to do and perform all such Adis, Matters and things as may be necessary in that behalf, as the said Warden might have done either in conjundlion with or separately from the said Mafter or any other Person or Persons : Provided that such Mafter and Worker, or his Deputy, /hall not be entitled to, nor /hall have, take or receive

any

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 67.

247

any additional Salary, Fee or Emolument whatever, for executing the Duties of the said Warden, or any other than such as the said Mailer and Worker and his Deputy is and are entitled unto by virtue of their said Offices of Mailer and Worker, or Deputy Mailer and Worker refpelively.

4 II. And Whereas it is expedient, that, after the Termination 4 of the exilling Interelf in the Office of Comptroller of the Mint 4 in England, the Duties thereof ihould be executed in Person and 4 not by Deputy Be it therefore enabled. That from and after the Termination of the present exilling Interelf, in the said Office of Comptroller of His Majedy's Mint in England, and when the said Office shall become vacant by the Termination of such exilling In-terell, the Duties of the said Office shall be performed in Person by the Officer to be appointed to such Office of Comptroller ; and it shall not be lawful for any such Comptroller to appoint any Deputy or other Person to execute the Duties of the said Office ; and that from and after the palling of this AS the said Office of Comptroller shall not be granted to any Person or Persons whomsoever, with Power to execute the fame by Deputy ; any Law, Ufage or Cuilom to the contrary in anywise notwithllanding.

4 III. And Whereas it was enabled by the said recited A61 of 4 the Fourteenth Year of His present Majedy’s Reign, that Dupli-4 cates or Copies of the Standard Weights of the Gold and Silver 4 Coin of the Realm Ihould be lodged in the Cullody of an Officer 4 to be appointed by His Majesty, with a Salary not exceeding the 4 yearly Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds,, to be paid out of 4 the Monies arising by the Coinage Duties, and that all Weights to 4 be made use of for weighing the said Gold and Silver Coin Ihould 4 be damped by the said Officer: *And Whereas by an A61 made 4 in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majedy’s Reign, intituled 4 An Att for allowing the Officer appointed to mark or samp the 4 Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of 4 this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Aft made in the lajl SeJJion of Par-4 liament, to take certain Fees in the Execution of his Office, it was 4 enacted that it Ihould be lawful for such Officer to alk, demand 4 and receive any Sum of Money not exceeding One Penny for 4 every Twelve Weights so damped: And Whereas it is expedient,

4 that upon the Termination of the present exiding Intered in the 4 said Office, the said Salary of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds a 4 Year Ihould be abolished Be it therefore enabled, That from and after and upon the Termination of the present exiding Intered in the said Office, no Salary whatever shall be granted or paid or payable to the said Officer under or by virtue of the said recited A<d of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majedy’s Reign, nor any Salary, Fee or Emolument whatsoever, other than and except such Fees and Sums of Money as the said Officer is authorized to ask, demand, and receive under and by virtue of the said recited AS of the Fifteenth Year of His present Majedy’s Reign; any thing in the said recited AS of the Fourteenth Year aforesaid of the Reign of His present Majedy to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 IV. And Whereas it is expedient that the Office of Governor of 4 the Mint in Scotland ihould, upon the Termination of the present 4 exiding Intered therein, be held by the Mader of the Mint in 4 England for the time being *, and that the other Offices of the Mint

R 4	‘in

After Termination of exilling Interests, Office of Comptroller of the Mint hereafter to be executed in Person, and not by Deputy.

14 G. 3. c. 92.

§2.

15 G. 3. c.30.

After Termination of existing Interect, no Salary to Stamper of Weights, but to take only Fees allowed under

15	3* c* 3°*

Hosted

c.67, 88.

•?/

GEO. III.

A.D. l8l/>

Office of Governor of the Mint in Scotland, after Termination of oxifting Interect, to be held by Mafter of Mint in England; and Buildings fold and other Offices of Mint in Scotland, after exift-ing Interests, abolished.

Treasury to direct Mint Buildings in Scotland to le fold.

4 in Scotland should, upon the Termination of the respective present 4 existing Interefts therein, be held by the Officers discharging Duties 4 corresponding to the Duties of these Offices in England; and that 4 the Buildings of the Mint in Scotland should be foldBe it further enacted, That from and after the Termination of the present exiting Intereft in the Office of the Governor of the Mint in Scotland, the said Office shall veil in and thenceforth and for ever thereafter be held by the Mafter and Worker of the Mint in England for the time being, without any special Appointment for that Purpofe or in that behalf, and without any Salary, Fee or Emolument in respect thereof; and all the other Offices in the Mint in Scotland shall, from and after the respective Terminations of the present existing Interefts therein respectively, be held by the Officers respectively discharging in England Duties corresponding to the Duties of such Offices, without any additional Salary, Fee or Emolument in respect thereof; any thing contained in any A61 or Atts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, or Cuftom or Indenture relating to the Mint of Scotland, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon the Termination of the whole of the existing Interefts of such of the said Officers as are entitled to Apartments in the said Buildings, or upon their relinquifh-ing their Rights thereto, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Trea-furer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the said United Kingdom, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be after such Termination or Relinquifhment, to order and direct the Buildings appropriated to the Mint in Scotland to be fold, and the Proceeds, after dedudling the Charges attending the Sale hr Sales, to be paid to the Receiver General in Scotland; and the fame when so paid shall be accounted for by him in the same manner with any Public Monies received by him.

Sheriffs may make like Return of Writs against former Sheriffs as against any other Ferfons.

In Addons by Sheriffs against Under Sheriffs, &c. for Breach of Duty.

CAP. LX V III.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Sheriffs in Ireland.

[7th July 1817.J

4 TY7HEREAS it is expedient that the Laws relating to Sheriffs 4 VV in Ireland should be amended, as well for the Relief of such 4 Sheriffs as to enforce a more regular Difcharge of their Duty Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Commencement of this A 61 it shall and may be lawful to and for every Sheriff in Ireland to account and make like Return for, upon and in respect of any Writ or Procefs issued against the Perfon’s Lands and Goods, or any of them, of any former Sheriff, as if such Writ or Procefs had issued against any other Person whatsoever ; any Law, Usage, Conftruc-tion or Intendment to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Sheriff or any Person or Persons who shall have been a Sheriff or Joint Sheriff in Ireland, shall obtain Judgment in any Adlion against any Person who shall then be or shall have been his or their Under Sheriff, or agaffifl

the

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.68.

24a

the Surety or Sureties or any of the Sureties of such Under Sheriff such Surety or Sureties having become such after the Commencement of this Aft, for or by reason or in respect of any Breach of the Duty of such Office, or for or by reason or in respect of any Mai-feazance, Misfeazance, Nonfeazance or Negleft therein, then and in every such case the Plaintiff in every such Aftion ffiall be entitled to Double Cofts of Suit, to be included in such Judgment, and such Plaintiff shall for that Purpofe be entitled, under the Direftion of the Court in which such Aftion shall be brought, to suggest on the Record that such Aftion was brought for such Cause, if the fame shall not fufffciently appear on the Pleadings.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which by Law any Aftion or Aftions might be maintained against any Sheriff for any Negleft or Mifconduft in Office, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons to whom such Aftion or Aftions shall accrue, to bring such Aftion or Aftions against the Under Sheriff, in lieu and in stead of the Pligh Sheriff, if such Person or Persons shall think proper so to do, unless it shall appear that the Caufe of Aftion arose from some immediate Aft or Default of the High Sheriff alone, and not at all from any Aft or Default of the Under Sheriff.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Sheriff, or any Person who shall have been Sheriff in Ireland, to pay or cause to be paid into His Majefty’s Exchequer of Ireland, at any time before such Sheriff shall by Law be bound or required so to do, any Sum or Sums of Money which he shall think proper, on account of any Revenue which it shall belong to him or be his Duty to collect, receive or account for; and such Sheriff in such case shall be entitled to have and obtain an Acquittance from the proper Officer for such Sum or Sums so paid, and shall be entitled to Credit for the fame, and for Intereft by-way of Difcount, out of the Sum so paid, at the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per A?mum from she time of such Payment until the time when, by or under any Aft of Parliament, or by the Courfe of the Court of Exchequer, such Sheriff ought to pay in the fame.

V.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the time when any Attachment shall be sealed in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland\ against any Sheriff or Person who shall have been Sheriff, for not accounting, such Sheriff shall be chargeable and charged with and shall pay legal Intereft on all and every Sum and Sums of Public Money with which he shall be chargeable, so long as such Sum or Sums shall remain unpaid ; and that from and after the time when any Attachment ffiall be actually sealed in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland\ against any Sheriff or Person who fhajl have been Sheriff, for the Non Payment of any Sum of Public Money, such Sheriff shall be chargeable and charged with and shall pay double the ordinary legal Intereft on such Sum until the Payment of such Sum; and the Payment of all such Intereft and double Intereft shall be enforced in the same manner as the Payment of the Principal Sum in respect whereof such Intereft or double Intereft shall be payable as aforesaid.

Double Colts.

Actions against Sheriff for Mil-conduft may he brought against Under Sheriff.

Pro vito.

Sheriffs paying Money into Exchequer before the time required by Daw lhaJl be allowed Difcount thereon.

After Attachment for not accounting, Sheriff shall pay Intereft for all Money remaining unpaid by him. After Attachment for Non-Payment, Sheriff to pay Double Interect,

CAP.

Hosted

250	.	0.69,70.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1817,

lrirtt A6t, 3^ G.3.

continued.

Bounties on the Exportation of Fifh, &c. under Afts in force in Ireland to be paid under the eftahlifhed Regulations.

19 G. 3* C.44.

S3 G.3. C.i6c.

CAP. LXIX.

An Aft to continue until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and to amend an Aft palled in Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement and Extenfion of the Filheries on the Coalls of Ireland.	[7th July	1817.]

1 YY7HEREAS an Aft was made in the Parliament of Ireland ‘ VV in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 6 intituled An Aft for continuing and amending the several ABs for c the further Improvement and Extenfion of the Fijheries on the Coafs c of this Kingdom ; which said recited Aft has by several subsequent ‘ Afts been continued, and is in force until and upon the Twenty e ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, ‘ and it is expedient that the said recited Aft Ihould be further c continued Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited Aft shall be and the fame is hereby further continued and shall be in force in Ireland from the said T wenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, until and upon the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

II. And be it declared and enacted, That all Bounties and Allowances payable under any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland upon the Exportation of any Fifh caught on the Coalls of Ireland, or in respect of the Duty on the Salt used in the curing of Fifh caught on the said Coalls, shall be payable and paid and allowable and allowed in respect of all such Fiih which, having been caught on the said Coalls, shall be faked and cured either at Sea or in Warehoufes on Shore, under the Infpeftion of the Officers of the Culloms there, under such Rules and Regulations as are required by any Aft or Afts in force in Irelandy or as may be made from time to time by the Commissioners of Culloms and Port Duties in Irelandy for the Prevention of Fraud in the claiming of such Bounties and Drawbacks.

CAP. LXX.

An Aft to relieve Persons impugning the Doftrine of the Holy Trinity from certain Penalties, in Ireland. [7th July 1 817.]

<	'X X J HE RE AS an Aft was palled in the Nineteenth Year of the

<	VV Reign of His present Majesty, by the Parliament of Great

<	Britain, intituled An AB for the further Relief of Protefant Dijfent-c tng Minifers and Schoolmafersy and the Provifions of the said Aft c have not been enacted or made Law in Ireland: And Whereas ( it has been and may be reasonably doubted, whether the Provilions 4 of an Aft palled in the Fifty third Year, of the Reign of His pre-4 sent Majesty by the Parliament of the United Kingdom, intituled * An AB to relieve Persons who impugn the DoBrine of the Holy ‘ Trinity from certain Penalties, do extend to or were intended to c afFeft Ireland; and it is meet and proper that equal Freedom of 4 Religious Worlhip Ihould be secured by Law to every Part of the c United Kingdom May it therefore please Your Majesty that it

may

Hosted

A.D.1817.	57°	GEO. III.	C.70, 71.

may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-sembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That such of the Pro-vifion3 of an A£l passed by the Parliament of Ireland, in the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Ad for exempting the Protejlant Difenters oj this Kingdom from cet'tain Penalties to which they are now subject, as purport to affect by Penalties or Difqualifications any Person who by his preaching or writing shall deny the Dodfrine of the Bleffed Trinity, be and the fame are hereby absolutely annulied, repealed and made void ; and that all and every of the Provilions contained in each of the Two before mentioned Adis of the Nineteenth and Fifty third Years of His Majesty shall be henceforth deemed and taken to be of full Force and Effedt in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in like manner as if the fame and every Part of each of the said Adis had been hereby and in Terms fully fet forth and re-enadled.

CAP. LXXI.

An Adi to amend an Adi of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for repealing the several Laws relating to Prifons in Ireland, and for re-enadling such of the Provifions thereof as have been found useful, with Amendments.	[7th	July	1817.]

*	II/^HEREAS it is expedient that an Adi made in the Fiftieth < VV Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad for 1 repealing the several Laws relating to Prifons in Ireland, and for 6 reenading such of the Provifions thereof as have been found useful,

*	with Amendments, should be amended in manner hereinafter pro-‘ vided for ;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adi it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, to rent or purchase any Lands or Hereditaments, or any Rights, Eafements or Advantages in, through or over any Lands or Hereditaments which may be required for the conftrudling, building, repairing, cleansing, emptying and keeping in Repair of any Sewer or Sewers, or Drain or Drains, belonging to any Gaol or Prifon, or which shall by such Grand Jury be deemed necessary for the keeping any such Gaol or Prifon free from Filth or Nuifance of any Kind, although such Lands or Hereditaments shall not be included in the Site of such Gaol or Prifon, and to direct that all Lands or Hereditaments so rented or purchased, and all Rights, Eafements and Advantages therein, shall be conveyed to such Commifiioners as such Grand Jury shall have appointed or shall appoint according to the Diredlions of the said recited Adi, and to their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftra-tors and Alligns, in trust and for the Ufes and Purpofes aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as such Grand Jury might do with refpe£l to any Lands or Hereditaments necessary for the Site of any Gaol or Prifon, and with all such Powers and under such Regulations as are mentioned and expressed in the faid

recited

251

6 G. 1. (I.) repealed, and the above recited A<St$ extended to Ireland.

50 G. 3 c« 103.

Grand Juries may rent or purchase Pre-mifes for Sewers or Drains to Gaols;

and may direct a Conveyance thereof to Com-miflioners in trust as herein mentioned.

Hosted

252

C. 71.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Grand Juries may present the whole Sums neeelfaty for completing the building or repairing of Gaols over and above Sums in hand as herein mentioned.

Lord Lieutenant may order to be advanced at the Exchequer Money on such Preferments.

recited Ati with respect to any Lands or Hereditaments necefTary for the Site of any Gaol or Prifon, and as if all such Powers and Regulations, and all Claufes in the said recited A6t relating to the fame, were repeated and reenadled in this Adi.

4 II. And Whereas in some Instances the building, enlarging or 4 repairing of Gaols or Prifons for some Counties and Counties of 4 Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, has been begun accord-4 ing to the Provifions of some Adt or Adis specially relating 4 thereto palled before the palling of the said recited Adi of the Fif-4 tieth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, and the said Works 4 are in some Inilances not yet completed by reason of the reftridted 4 Powers of Grand Juries in such cases, and of the Want of Au-4 thority under such Adis in the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief 4 Governor of Ireland to advance the Sums necelfary for the Com-4 pletion thereof, upon Preferments of the fame by Grand Juries, 4 to be repaid by Inftalments ; by reason whereof the said Works 4 have proceeded dowly, to the great Inconvenience of the Public, 4 and are likely to be attended with greater Expenfe in the End than 4 if the whole Sum necelfary for the Completion thereof were to be 4 advanced in the firfb Inftance Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the palling of this Adi it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of every such County, County of a City, or County of a Town so circumftaneed, in all cases in which they shall think the fame expedient, at any Affixes after the palling of this Adi, to present the whole Sum necellary to be expended in completing and finilhing the building, enlarging and repairing of such Gaol or Prifon, over and above such Sum or Sums as may at the time of making such Prelentment be in the Hands of any Body or Person or Persons under the Provifions of any such special Adt or Adis, and remaining unexpended ; and to direct, in and by such Presentment, that such Sum so to be presented shall be railed on the County, County of a City or County of a Town, by such Half Yearly or Yearly Sums or Inftalments, and in such manner and at such times, as shall be specified in such Presentment, and such Sums shall be so railed accordingly ; and it shall be lawful for any subsequent Grand Jury at any Affizes to present that any of the said Inftalments shall be increased to any Sum which shall be found necelfary or proper ; and after such Prefentment for such Sum so deemed necelfary for completing and finilhing the building, enlarging and repairing of such Gaol or Prifon, shall be made, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being to cause to be advanced at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland, to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, on the Faith of such Presentment, the whole of the Sum so presented, or so much thereof as shall not have been raised or received at the time of such Advance, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof ; and such Sum or Sums shall be applied by such Treasurer to the Purpofes of such Presentment, and shall be repaid by such Treasurer to the Colledtor of Excife of the District, in like manner and under the like Regulations in all respects as are mentioned, specified and fet forth in the said recited A<ft of the Fiftieth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, with respect to Advanced by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland> for the Purpofes of the said recited

Adi;

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.71.

Ad ; and that it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury making such Commissioners Prefentment (if they shall think fit so to do) to appoint Commif- n™y beappo.nt-fioners for causing the said Prefentments to be carried into Execu- j(ur/ lJn tion and Effed, and for such Commissioners to ad in carrying such Prefentments into Execution and Effed, and to contract for the Execution thereof, and also to receive and expend and account for all Monies on account of such Prefentment in such and the like manner, and with all such Powers and under all such Regulations to all Intents and Purposes, as such Grand Jury and Commissioners re-fpedively, or any other Person or Persons, are authorized and required to do, under or by virtue of the said recited Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, in all cases provided for by the said recited Ad, and as if all such Powers and Regulations., and all Claufes in the said recited Ad relating to the fame, were repeated and reenaded in this Ad ; any thing in any Ad or Ads Specially relating to such Gaol or Prifon to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That before Eefore Money is •any Advance shall be made by the Eord Lieutenant or other Chief advanced Plan of Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being in manner au- Works and thorized by this Ad, the Place or Site upon which such Gaol is in- a^rov^b^ ^ tended to be built, or has been in part built, together with the Plan j orci Ljeute-adopted for the Execution of the said Work, and also the Contrad nant.

or Contrads for completing the fame, shall be laid before and approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being ; and that it shall not be lawful for the Grand Jury or Commissioners to depart from the Plan so approved of.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which the Powers given by Grand Jury of any County, County of a City^, or County of a Town, special Atfs to shall, under the Provifions of this Ad, make such Prefentment as cease, after such aforesaid, and that such Advance shall be thereupon made by the ^J^nces ^ Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland

for the time being, then and in every such case, all Rights, Powers

and Authorities given by such special Ad or Ads to all Bodies

and Persons therein mentioned shall cease and determine, and be of no

Effed, any thing in any such Ad or Ads notwithstanding; and Unapplied Mo-

that all Monies theretofore railed by virtue of any such special Ad mes railed under

or Ads, and remaining unapplied in the Hands or Power of any A<^s t0 be

Body, or Person or Persons, to the Purpofes thereof, shall, after the Xreafurer of the

making of such Prefentment and Advance, be forthwith paid over County in Aid

or transferred by such Body or Person or Persons respectively to the of Prefentments.

Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town,

in aid of such Prefentment to be made under this Ad, as if fuch

Money had been originally presented for such Purpofes under the Provifions of the said Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, or of this Ad ; and that from and after the Appointment Materials previ-of the Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, all Materials oufly purchaied previously purchased or procured tor or towards the Completion of ve/te(1 *n Romany such Gaol or Prifon shall be and become veiled in such Com- mi®oneis* miflioners for the Purpofes of this Ad: Provided always, that persons who nothing herein contained shall prevent the Person or Persons who have received may have received Money under the Provifions of any such special Money to ac- • Ad or Ads, and who shall not have the fame forthcoming at the counL

time

Hosted

54 0-3. c. 149-

55	g-3- c* i32"

56	G. 3. c. 105.

54 G. 3-C.I49-as altered by 56 G. 3. c.105. S:c. continued.

10 Ei II W.3. c. *o.

C.71 — 73.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1817.

time of making any Prefentment or Advance by virtue of this Aft, or who shall not have accounted for the fame, from being liable to account for the fame in the manner provided by such special Aft or Afts, any thing in this present Aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that all the Provifions of any such special Aft or Afts for the suing for and recovering all such Sums as shall not be accounted for shall remain in such cases in full Force ; and all such Sums as shall be so recovered shall be paid over or transferred to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to be applied in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

CAP. LXXII.

An Aft to continue until the End of the next Session of Parliament Two Afts made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.

[7th July 1817.]

( TTTHEREAS an Aft was made in the Fifty fourth Year of ‘ VV the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A El to regu-‘ late until the End of the next Session of Parliament the Trade in Spi-

*	rits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, and which, by ‘ an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majefty, was continued until the End of the then next Seflion of 6 Parliament : And Whereas by an Aft made in the last Seflion of

*	Parliament to amend and continue the said recited Aft of the 6 Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, and to grant and allow new counter-‘ vailing Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits imported and exported c between England and Scotland and Ireland respectively, the said 6 recited Aft of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid was and is further 4 continued, except so far as the fame was altered by the last men-6 tioned Aft, until the End of the present Seflion of Parliament, 4 and it is expedient that the said recited Aft of the Fifty fourth 4 Year aforesaid, so altered as aforesaid, and such Parts of the 4 said recited Aft of the last Session of Parliament as are now in

*	force should be further continued ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said recited Aft of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, as altered by the said recited Aft of the last Session of Parliament, and also such Parts of the said recited Aft of the last Session of Parliament as are now in force, and the several Duties and Drawbacks thereby granted and allowed and now payable, shall be and the fame is and are hereby further continued from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, and shall remain and continue in force from thence until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Aft: to allow the Exportation of Woollen or Bay Yarn from Ireland by Licence obtained there. [7th July 1817.] 4 TTTHEREAS an Aft passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years 4 VV of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third,

4 intituled

Hosted by

A.D.1817.	57°	GEO.	III.	C.73,	7

‘ intituled An Ad to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the ‘ Kingdoms of Ireland and England ijito Foreign Parts, and for the i Encouragement of the Woollen Manufadures in the Kingdom of ‘ England : And Whereas another A6t palled in the Twenty fixfh 4 Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second,

*	intituled An Ad for permitting the Exportation of Wool or Woollen c or Bay Tarn from any Poi't in Ireland to any Port in Great Bri-6 tain : And Whereas it is expedient to extend and amend the Pro-

*	vifions of the said recited A£ls Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this A6t it shall be lawful to export from that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and to import into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, any Woollen or Bay Yarn : Provided always, that Notice be first given to the Commillioners of Revenue in Ireland, or the Chief Officers in the Port from which the fame is intended to be brought, of the Quantity, Quality and Package, together with the Marks and Number thereof, with the Name of the Ship and the Mailer or Commander on which the said Goods are to be laden, and the Place or Port into which they are intended to be imported; and that Bond be first entered into, to the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succelfors, with One or more sufficient Sureties, in Treble the Value of the Goods so intended to be exported, that the fame shall (the Dangers of the Seas excepted) be landed at the Port to which they are intended to be brought; and that a Licence be also first taken under the Hands of the said Commillioners of Revenue, or any Two or more of them for the time being, or from the Chief Officers of the Port where such Bond is given, for the Landing thereof as aforesaid, which Licence they are hereby authorized and required to grant without any Fee or Reward, or any other Charge to the Person demanding the fame ; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXIV.

An A£l to extend several Acts for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize to Porto Maria in the Illand of Jamaicay and to the Port of Bridgetown in the Illand of Barba does.	[7	th	July	1817.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is provided by an Act palled in the Forty ‘ VV fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad c to consolidate and extend the several Laws now in force for allowing c the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandises 6 into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, that certain Articles

*	therein enumerated may be imported into the’ several Ports therein c named from Foreign Colonies in the Wejl Indies : And Whereas

*	by one other A 61, palled in the Forty eighth Year of Hi9 faid

*	Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to permit the Importation of c Rice, Grain and Flour from any Foreign Colonies on the Continent c of America, into certain Ports in the West Indies ; and to allow 1 certain Articles to be imported from the United States of America s into the British Provinces in North America, for the Purpofe of Ex-

* port at ion

255

26 0.3. c. 11.

Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of Woollen or Bay Yarn allowed, on Notice, and other the Conditions herein mentioned.

Licence granted without Fee,

450.3.

§ 1.

48 G.3, C. 13Cv §3.

Hosted

25G

C.7 4,

5?" GEO.

a.d. lsi

47 O. 3. less, 2.

c. 34.

50 G. j. c. 2t.

Goods as by A5 G.3• c.57. may be imported into and exported from the Ports therein mentioned, and also Rice, Grain, See. may be imported into and exported from Port Maria in Jamaica, and Bridgetown in Barbadoes, to any Foreign Colonies in America,

portation to the British Iflands in the West Indies, it is enacted,

6 that in addition to the Articles enumerated in the afore recited i Adi palled in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majeily's 6 Reign, it lhali be lawful to import, under the like Authority,

£ Reflrtdlions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures pro-c vided in the said recited Adt, the Articles of Rice, Grain of all c Sorts, and Flour, from any Colonies and Plantations in America c belonging to and under the Dominion of any Foreign European e Sovereign or State, into any of the Free Ports in Colonies or Plan-c tations belonging to His Majesty in the Wejl Indies which are c particularly'- enumerated in the said Adi, or in another Adi palled

* in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty respecting the Port c of Amjlerdam, in the Ifland of Curacoa, in any Foreign Ship,

4 Schooner or other Foreign Velfel whatever, not having more than c One Deck, and being manned and navigated by Persons inhabit-‘ ing any of the said Colonies or Plantations belonging to any Fo-i reign Sovereign or State : And Whereas by one other Adi, palled

*	in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 6 An Alt for amending, and continuing so amended, until the Twenty 6 fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an c A El of the Forty fifth Tear of His present Majcfiy, for consolidating c and extending the fevered Laws in force for allowing the Import-c ation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandixes into and c from certain Ports in the Well Indies, it is enacted, that until the 6 Twenty fifth Dayr of March One thousand eight hundred and 6 twelve, it lhali and may be lawful to import and export the Ar-4 tides in the said Adt mentioned at the Ports therein mentioned, ‘ under the Rules and Regulations of the said Adi, in any Foreign 6 Sloop, Schooner or other Velfel as therein described, although c such Sloop, Schooner or VelTel lhali have more than One Deck ; c which by a subsequent Adi was continued until the Twenty fifth 6 Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and 6 by one other subsequent Adi was revived and made perpetual : c And Whereas it is expedient to permit the like Importation and ‘ Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the

*	Port Maria on the North Side of the 111 and of Jamaica, and 6 into and from the Port of Bridgetown in the Illand of Barbadoes, c in the Wefi Indies ;y Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Eords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adt such Goods and Commodities as by the afore recited Adi palled in the Forty fifth Year of His Majesty ?s Reign may be imported into and exported from the Ports therein mentioned, and also Rice, Grain of all Sorts and Flour, may be also imported into and exported from the Port Maria on the North Side of the Illand of Jamaica, and into and from the Port of Bridgetown in the Illand of Barbadoes, in the Wefi Indies, from and to any Colonies and Plantations in America, belonging to and under the Dominion of any^ Foreign European Sovereign or State, in the like Ships and Velfels, under such Rules, Regulations, Rellridlions and Conditions, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures for Breach thereof, as are contained, described, and provided in the said Adis, -and in the aforesaid recited Adi palled in the Fiftieth Year of His present Maje%’’s R.eign*

CAP.

Hosted

CAP. LXXV.

An Adft to abolish the Punifhment of Public Whipping on

Female Offenders.	[7th	July	1,817.]

5	XX7 HERE AS the Punifhment of Public Whipping of Female c VV Offenders has been found inexpedient;’ Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adi Judgment shall not be given and awarded against any Female or Females con-vidled of any Offence that such Female Offender or Offenders do suffer the Punifhment of being publicly whipped; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwitb{landing.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Punifhment of Public Whipping on Female Offenders has hitherto formed the Whole or Part of the Judgment to be pronouneed, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom any such Offender shall be tried, to pass such Sentence of Confinement to Hard Labour in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, in lieu of the Sentence of being publicly whipped, as to the said Court shall seem molt proper : Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any manner to change, alter or affect any Punifhment whatsoever, which may now7 be by Law inflicted in respect to any Offence, except only the Punifhment of Public Whipping on Female Offenders, in manner as herein above is enacted.

CAP. LXXVI.

Adi to amend an Adi of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Payment of Drawback on Paper allowed to the LTniverfities in Scotland.

[7th July 1817.]

*	TY7HEREAS by an Adi made in the Fifty fourth Year of the ( VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Adt to regulate c the Payment of Drawback on Paper allowed to the Univerfities in 6 Scotland, it is enacted, that no Allowance shall be made for 6 Paper used in the Printing of any Books in the Latin, Greek, c Oriental or Northern Languages, within the said Univerfities, 6 uiilefs the Chief Managers of the Prefs in such Univerfities shall 6 subscribe at the Foot of the Certificate mentioned in the laid Adf 6 an Oath in Writing, made before the Vice Chancellors of the fame, c that the Whole of the said Edition of the Book so printed is c printed for the Ufe and Behoof of the Univerfities respectively for c which the fame express to be printed: And Whereas it is expe-*■ dient that the said Oath should be made in the Terms and before

*	the Person or Persons hereinafter mentioned P Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adi such Allowance as is by the said recited Adi granted shall be made for

57 Geo* III.	8	'	Paper

Judgment of Public Whipping shall not be awarded on Females.

Tnftead thereof Hard Labour in the House of Correction.

Proviib.

J4G.3. c.ih;

1 *•

Oath to be made to certain Particulars befejo

Hosted

C. 76,77.

57° GEO. ILL

A.D.1817.

the Drawback on Paper allowed to the Univerfity shall be paid.

Certificate to be produced to CommifTioners of Excife.

54 G. 3. c. 86.

Provifions of recited Adt applicable to Prizes subsequently made.

Paper used in the printing such Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages within the said Univeriities, at any time from and after the Twenty eighth Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, provided the Chief Manager or Managers of the Prefs in such Univerfities respectively shall subscribe at the Foot of such Certificate respectively, as is in the said Aft mentioned, an Oath in Writing made before the Vice Chancellor, Principal or Redlor, or by whatever other Name or Names the Principal of such Univerfities respectively may be known or distinguished, that the Whole of the said Edition of the Book so printed was and is printed for the said Univerfities respectively for which the fame express to be printed, and that no Bookfeller or Book-fellers or other Person or Persons had or hath or have any Share or Intereft therein, or in the Drawback or Allowance payable on or in respect of the Paper on which the fame was and is printed, which Certificate shall be produced to the Commifiloners of Excife or any Two of them, and without which the said Commifiloners shall not be and are not authorized to cause Payment to be made of such Drawback or Allowance of the Duties on the Paper so used, or any Part thereof; and provided also, that all other the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridlions and Provifions contained or referred to in the said Adi, be fully observed, performed and fulfilled.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Adi for extending the Provifions of an Adi of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money; and for authorizing the CommifTioners of Chelsea Hofpital to suspend the Penfions of such Persons as shall be guilty of Frauds in respect of Prize Money or Penfions.	[7th	July	1817.]

c WHEREAS an Adi patted in the Fifty fourth Year of the c VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for re-‘ gulating the Payment of Army Prize Money, and to provide for c the Payment of unclaimed and forfeited Shares to Chelsea Hofpital : < And Whereas Doubts may arise whether the said Adi, and the c Provisions, Powers, Regulations, Pains and Penalties therein con-4 tained, are applicable and relate to Grants, Captures or Prizes 4 made in any War or Hoftilities subsequent to that which existed 4 at the time when the said recited Adt was pafied : And Whereas it 6 is expedient that the said Doubts should be prevented or removed, 4 and that the said Adi should be explained, and the Provisions, 4 Powers, Regulations, Pains and Penalties therein contained should 4 be declared to extend to all Grants, Captures and Prizes made in 4 any War or Hoftilities in which His Majesty has been engaged 4 since the palling of the said recited AdtBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all the Clauses, Enadlments, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Powers, Pains and Punifiiments, as well of Death as other-wife, and all Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things in the said recited Adi contained* or thereby continued, and all Forms, matters and things in the Schedules to the said recited Adi fet forth and

con-

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.77.

259

contained, shall be and the fame are hereby declared to be applicable, as well to all Grants, Captures and Prizes made during the War which was in Exiftence at the time when the said Adi was palTed, as to all Grants, Captures and Prizes made in or in confe-quence of any War or Hoflilities in which His Majesty has been engaged since the palling of the said recited Adlj and that as fully and effedlually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Enadlments, Provisions,, Rules, Regulations, Powers, Pains, Pu-nilhments, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters. Forms and things were severally repeated and reenadled in the Body of, and made Part of this Adi.

4 II. And Whereas no sufficient Provifion is made for punishing 4 Frauds relating to Penfions or Prize Money, and it is expedient e that Power should be given to the Commillioners of the Royal c Hofpital for Soldiers at Chelsea, to take away or suspend the Pen-c lions of such Persons as shall be guilty of Frauds or other gross 4 Mifcondudl Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the palling of this Adi, it shall and may be lawful for the Commillioners of the said Royal Hofpital at Chelsea, and they are hereby authorized and empowered upon Complaint and Proof being made to them of any Fraud, either with respect to the Receipt of Prize Money or Penlion, or any other Money in the Nature of Allowance or Bounty Money, or of other gross Mifcondudl attempted or practised by any Person being a Penlioner of the said Royal Hofpital, to suspend or entirely to take away the Penfion of the Person so offending, and to issue to the Paymalter of Out Penlions of the said Royal Hofpital a Certificate, under the Hand of the said Commillioners or Three or more of them, of any Penfion being so suspended or taken away ; and upon the said Certificate being issued to the said Pay-mafter of Penfions, he shall suspend the Payment of the Penfion therein mentioned, according to the Tenor of the said Certificate; any thing in any other Adi contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithllanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, upon Proof having been fatisfadlorily made to him that there were any Regimental Debts due from any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier at the time of his Death, and such Non Commiffioned Officer and Soldier had Prize Money due to him at his Decease, to issue to the Agent for the said Prize Money, or if the fame shall have been paid over to Chelsea Hofpital, then to the Treasurer of the said Hofpital or his Deputy, a Certificate of the Amount of such Regimental Debts, together with a Requifition that the fame may be paid out of the Prize Money of such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier ; and the said Agent or Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital respectively shall thereupon reserve out of the said Prize Money and pay over to the Person named in such Requifition the Amount so due from the said Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, before any other Claims upon the said Prize Money shall be paid ; and the Order of the said Secretary at War and the Receipt of the Payee in such Requifition named shall be the full and sufficient Vouchers and Difcharge to the said Agent or Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital respectively, for the Amount so paid by virtue of and in compliance with the said Requifition.

IV.	And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money due in refpedl

S 2	of

Commissioners of Chellea Hofpital may suspend or take away Penfions, Sec. in cases of Fraud.

Regimental Debts of deceaf-ed Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers to be paid out of their Prize Money.

Hosted

260

C.77, 78.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Military Clothing, Appointments, &c. to be deemed Regimental Debts.

Attmay be altered, See, this Session.

Allowances for the Diet of Non Com inifli oned Officers and Soldiers iod. per Diem till J Lily 2/j, and after that Day is. -2d.

of any Military Clothing, Appointments or Equipments, or in re-fpe£t of any Quarters, or of any Mefs or Regimental Accounts, and all Sums of Money due to any Agent or Paymafter or Quar-termaster, or any other Officer upon such Account as aforesaid, or on account of any Advances made for any such Purpofe as aforesaid, ffiall be deemed and taken to be Regimental Debts for the Purpofes of this A£t.

V. And be it further enacted, That this A£l may be amended, altered or repealed by any Ad or A6ts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXVIIL An A£t for fixing the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[7th July 1817.3

‘	by	Two	Ads	palfed	in the present Session of

‘ VV Parliament for puniffiing Mutiny and Deferdon, and for the c better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is enacted, i that Officers and Soldiers ffiall be furniffied with Diet and Small ‘ Beer upon paying and allowing for the fame the several Rates that c are or ffiall be eftabliffied by any Ad or Ads of Parliament ; and ‘ an Option is given to Innholders, and others upon whom Officers

*	and Soldiers are quartered and billetted, to furniffi certain Articles ‘ gratis in lieu of Diet and Small Beer ; and it is just and expe-c dient that an adequate Allowance ffiall be made and eftabliffied

*	for Provifion and other Articles furniffied to Officers and Sol-i dicrsP May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Non Commifiioned Officer and Private Soldier who ffiall be furniffied with Diet and Small Beer, within those Parts of the United Kingdom specified in the said recited Ads, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non Commifiioned Officers or Private Soldiers ffiall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Ads, ffiall pay and allow for the fame the Sum of Ten pence per Diem until the Twenty fourth Day of July inclusive, and from and after that Day the Sum of One Shilling and Two pence per Diem; and that for such Allowances of Ten pence and One Shilling and Two pence the Innholder or other Person ffiall furniffi One Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner, if required, in each Day to each Non Commifiioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to coufift of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or ffiall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper ; and that the Accounts of the fame ffiall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed by the said Adts.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders, or

other

Hosted

57° GEO. 111.

C. 78.

261

other Persons on whom any Non Commiffioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, shall, by virtue of theTaid Option in the said Adis, fur-niffi such Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned in lieu of furnishing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rate prelcribed by this Adi, such Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Articles ffiall have been so supplied, shall receive in consideration thereof One Halfpenny per Diem for each Non Commiffioned Officer and Soldier ; which Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is directed touching the Rate aforesaid.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horfes belonging to His Majefty’s Forces ffiall be quartered by virtue of the said Adis, for Hay and Straw, ffiall be Ten pence per Diem for each Horse until the Twenty fourth Day of July inclusive, and from and after that Day One Shilling per Diem.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers ffiall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Persons on whom they may be billetted, within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed while on the March, as also on and for the Day of their Arrival at the Place of their final Deftination, and on the Two fubfequdnt Days, unless either of the Two subsequent Days shall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers ffiall be billetted, or within the Diftance of Two Miles thereof; in which case it ffiall be lawful for the Innholder or other Person as aforesaid to discontinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furniffi in lieu thereof the Articles in the said recited Adt specified, and at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed.

V.	Provided always, That if any Victualler or other Person liable by the said recited Adts to have Soldiers billetted or quartered on him or her ffiall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier on the March, in lieu of fur-niffiing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the said Adis, every such Vidtualier or other Person may be proceeded against and fined in like manner as if he or file had refused to furniffi or allow, according to the Directions of the said recited. Adts, the several things respectively directed to be furniffied to Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid.

VI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on the March, shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinitive time, at any intermediate Place, the Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto ffiall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Persons on whom they ffiall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such time only for which they would be entitled to receive the fame after arriving at the Place of their final Deftination, according to this A<ft»

S 3	VII. Pro-

Further Allowance of One Halfpenny per Diem.

For Horfes quartered, iod. per Diem to be paid for Hay and Straw till July 2,4; after that Day is.

Regulation with relpe6t to dieting Non Com-milTioned Officers and Soldiers on their March.

Persons liable to billetting paying Money to Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers on the March in lieu of fumiffiing Diet and Small Beer, liable to be fined.

When halted oil a March, Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers entitled to Diet and Small Beer as after arriving at their Deilination;

Hosted

262

C. 78, 79.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

snil if such Halting be only for a Day after Arrival, and that be a Market Day, their Diet and Small Beer not to be difcon-tinued.

Regulations re-fpefting Recruiting Paities and Recruits on their March-

Continuance of A&.

ACt may be altered, &c. this Seflioti.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it ffiall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on their March, shall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders that it is not intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment /hall halt for any longer time than One entire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of Halting, and the Day after such Arrival shall be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons on whom the Non Commi/Tioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billetted to discontinue on such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small B^er to any such Officers, or Soidlers; but that all such Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Persons aforesaid upon such Market Day as aforesaid, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto, if such Day had not been a Market Day; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof not-withftanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commiffioned Officers and Private Men employed in Recruiting, and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for Two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the fame Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops upon the March ; but no Recruit enlisted after the Two Days fub-fequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he ffiall be quartered : Provided also nevertheless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Station, and after a time shall return to the fame Place, they and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such Two Days as aforesaid, unless the Period between the time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have exceeded Twenty eight Days.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That this A A ffiall have Continuance and be in force from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen ; and that all Payments which have been made, and all Acts, matters and things done in pursuance of or in conformity with the Provilions thereof, ffiall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Pur-pofes as if this A£t had passed before the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That this A6t may be altered and varied by any A£t to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP, LXXIX.

An Adc to permit the Transfer of Capital from certain Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain, to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland.	[7th	July	1817.]

1 \ 1U PEREAS it is expedient that Facility ffiould be given to 4 VV the Transfer from Great Britain to Ireland of certain Pub-

« lie

Hosted

67° GEO. in.

C. 7‘j.

26a

4 lie Funds, Stocks or Annuities, and that for that Purpofe ‘the 6 Dividends and Intereft upon certain Irijh Funds, Stocks, An-c nuities and Debentures should be made payable at the fame Pe-

*	riods as the Dividends and Intereft of certain BritiJJj Stocks,

*	Funds or Annuities are payable : In order to carry the fame fully

*	into Effeel,’ Be it ena61ed by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the fame, That the Dividends or Intereft Dividends pay-which, under and by virtue of any A6fs in force immediately before able on March the palling of this A61, are due and payable at the Bank of Ireland 25, and Sept. 29, on the Twenty fifth Day of March and Twenty ninth Day of Sep- Annuities, tember in every Year, and at the Bank of England on the Twenty to be paid at the* fifth Day of March and the Twenty fifth Day of September in every times herein Year, on the several Irifh Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds mentioned. per Centum per Annum, transferable at the said Bank of Ireland and Bank of England respectively, shall be paid up to the Twenty ninth and Twenty fifth Days respectively of Septe?nber next after the palling of this A61; and that on the Tenth Day of 0Bober next ensuing the said Twenty ninth and Twenty fifth Days respectively of September, Eleven Days’ Intereft or Dividends on such of the said Annuities as are transferable at the Bank of Ireland, and Fifteen Days’ Intereft or Dividends on such of the said Annuities as are transferable at the Bank of England, from the said Twenty ninth and Twenty fifth Days respectively of September to the said Tenth Day of 0Bober-, shall be paid to the Holders of any such Annuities, in addition to such former Half Yearly Intereft or Dividends up to the said Twenty ninth and Twenty fifth Days refpedfively of September, so as fully to meet the Demand of the Public Creditor up to the said Tenth Day of OBober ; and that all succeeding Half Yearly Payments of Dividends and Intereft on the said Annuities shall become due and payable, and shall be paid and made at the said Banks refpe6tively, on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of OBober in each and every Year; and the Dividends and The Dividends Intereft which under and by virtue of any such A6fs are due and payable on the payable at the Bank of Ireland upon the Twenty fourth Day of hiih 3a Per June and Twenty fifth Day of December in every Year, on the feve- Cent, and 4 pev ral Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings and t06be paid-up'to Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the said Bank, the times herein and on the Debentures payable there with Intereft after the Rate mentioned, of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings and Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be paid up to the Twenty fifth Day of December next after the palling of this A6f and that on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Eleven Days’

Intereft or Dividends from the said Twenty fifth Day of December to the said Fifth Day of January shall be paid to the Holders of any such last mentioned Annuities or Debentures, in addition to such former Half Yearly Intereft or Dividend up to the said Twenty fifth Day of December, so as fully to meet the Demand of the Public Creditor up to the said Fifth Day of January ; and that all succeeding Payments of Dividends and Intereft on such last mentioned Annuities and Debentures shall become due and be payable, and shall be paid and made at the said Bank, Half Yearly on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in each and every fucceeding

S	4?	Year,.

Hosted

C.79.-

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817

J b 1

Proviib for killing Sum necef-iary to discharge Dividends for the ii Days beyond the former Days of Payment out of Iriih Confolidated Fund.

Persons holding 3 per Cent. Con-ibis Stock ti ans-ferrable at the Bank of England may transfer the fame for corre-fpor.ding Stock transferrable at the Bank of Ireland.

Year, in such manner to all Intents and PurpofeS as if the said several Periods of Payment had been severally mentioned and specified in the several A61s whereby the said several Stocks, Funds, An-*> nuities or Debentures, or any of them, or any Part of them, were severally created, and the Dividends and Intereft thereon refpec-tively made payable ; any thing in the said A&s, or any of them, or any other Act or A6ls to the contrary in anywise notwith-ilanding.

II.	And be it further enacted, That upon Certificate from the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, chequed and certified by the Loan Clerk in the Exchequer of Ireland, of the Sum necessary to meet the Payment of inch several Interefts or Dividends as shall be payable in Ireland for such Periods of Eleven Days re-fpedtively, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, to grant his or their Warrant for issuing out of the Produce of the Confolidated Fund arising in Ireland, to the said Governor and Company, such Sum or Sums as may be necessary to discharge such several Interefls or Dividends for such Periods of Eleven Days respectively.

III.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons holding Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Confolidated Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, to transfer such Stock or Annuities for the Purpofe of having corresponding Sums written in and consolidated with and made Part of 'the Capital of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland; and that from and after the

Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seventeen it shall and may be lawful for any JPerfon or Persons holding Stock in the Briti/Jo Funds of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Confolidated Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, or in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, transferrable at the Bank of England, or in Irijh Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the said Bank of England, to transfer such Stock or Annuities respectively for the Purpofe of having cor-refponding Sums written in and consolidated with and made Part of the Capital of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of Ireland; and that all such Transfers shall be made according to the Scale and on the Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned and fet forth.

Seale upon which such Transfers shall be made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Scale upon which every such Transfer or Transfers shall be made under the Authority of this A6t, of any Sum or Sums from the several before mentioned Stocks, Funds, or Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England for the Purpofe of having corresponding Sums written into or consolidated with the said several before mentioned Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, shall be as follows ; that is to fay, that every Person who shall so transfer any such Sum or Sums shall, for every Sum of One hundred Pounds in the Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Confolidated Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, so transferred, be

entitled

Hosted by

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.79.

265

entitled to the Sum of Ninety two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two pence in the Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ire-land; for every Sum of One hundred Pounds in the Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Confolidated Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, so transferred, every such Person shall be entitled to the Sum of Eighty fix Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bnnk of Ireland; and for every Sum of One hundred Pounds in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities of the Year One thonfand seven hundred and ninety seven, tranferrable at the Bank of England, or in the Ir'ijlo Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, so transferred, every such Person shall be entitled to the Sum of One hundred and eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eight pence in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity or Sum of any such Stocks, Funds or Annuities so transferred refpedlivelv.

V. And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons having or poffieffiing any Stock in the several before mentioned Stocks, Funds or Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, to apply in writing to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and which Application shall be according to such Form as shall be established by the said Governor and Company, and shall be the fame in all cases, for Permiffion to transfer such Stocks, Funds or Annuities respectively, for the Pur-pofe of having corresponding Sums written in and consolidated with the several before mentioned Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, as the case may require, according to the Provillons of this A£t ; and thereupon, and upon such Person or Persons transferring such Stocks, Funds or Annuities so transferrable at the Bank of England, or any Part thereof, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, into the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpofe of their cancelling and discharging the fame from the National Debt in Great Britain, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England for the time being, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, to grant a-Certificate to the Person or Persons making such Transfer, directed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and which Certificate shall be also according to a Form which shall be established by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall be the fame in all cases j and such Certificate fhall' state that the Person or Persons therein mentioned has or have transferred the Stocks, Funds or Annuities therein described to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpofe of having corresponding Sums written in the Name of such Person or Persons and consolidated with such Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures in Ireland as the fame are applicable to, deicribing the fame, and Hating the Amount in such Irijh Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures respectively to which such Person or Persons shall be so entitled in respect of such Transfer, according to the Scale hereinbefore fet forth.

VI. And

Application Tor transferring Stock to be made, to tb^e Bank of England in Writing.

In cases of Transfers made to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, Certificates to be granted directed to the Bank of Ireland.

What such Certificate is to date.

Hosted

C.79.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Stock transfer-red to the said Commissioners cancelled.

Books provided for entering Transfers made to the said Commissioners may be infpeited without Fee.

Certificate of Amount of Stocktransferred to the Exchequer.

No such Trans fersfhallbe made within One Month preceding the Days when the Dividends become due.

On Production of Certificate of Bank of England, Bank of Ireland to write the Sums therein specified into their Books, to be consolidated with the several exiting Stocks.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That immediately upon any such Transfer as aforesaid being made at the Bank of England to the Commissioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt in Great Britain, the Stocks, Funds or Annuities so transferred to them shall be cancelled and for ever discharged from the Account of the National Debt in Great Britain.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the time being, a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which shall be fairly entered the Names of all Persons making any such Transfer of any such Stocks, Funds or Annuities to the Commissioners for the ReduHion of the National Debt, under the Provifions of this Act, to which Book or Books it shall and may be lawful for all Persons making any such Transfer, their re-fpe&ive Executors, Adminiftrators and Afsigns, from time to time and at all seasonable times to resort and to infpe£t the fame without any Fee or Charge ; and the said Accountant General shall on or before the Fifteenth Day of March, the Fifteenth Day of June, the Fifteenth Day of September and the Fifteenth Day of December in each and every Year, transmit a Certificate, fairly written 011 Paper, of the total Amount of the several Stocks, Funds or Annuities so transferred, specifying the annual Intereft thereon, into the Office of the Auditor of His Majefly’s Exchequer in Great Britain, and also into the Office of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and the Monies heretofore fet apart at His Ma-jefty’s Exchequer in Great Britain, for the Payment of the Intereft of the Capitals of the said Stocks, Funds or Annuities so transferred, shall thenceforward cease and determine, and be no longer ifiued out of the Confolidated Fund in Great Britain.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to make any Transfer, for the Purpofes of this A6t, of any such British Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Confolidated Annuities, at any time within One Calendar Month next preceding the Fifth Day of January or the Fifth Day of July in any Year, nor to make any such Transfer of any such Britijlo Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Confolidated Annuities, or Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, or Irtjh Five Pounds per Centum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, at any time within One Calendar Month next preceding the Fifth Day of April or the Tenth Day of Odsber, in any Year ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX.	And be it further ena6led, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the- Bank of Ireland, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon the Produ&ion to them of any such Certificate or Certificates from the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, so given for the Purpofes of this A£t, to write or cause to be written into the Books of the Bank of Ireland relating to the several Stocks, Funds, Annuities, or Debentures refpefttvely, the Sums specified and contained in every such Certificate, in the Name or Names of the Party or Parties specified in every such Certificate ; and all and every such Sums and Sum shall be respectively added to and made One joint Stock with the then existing Annuities of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 79.

267

turn per Annum or Five Pounds per Centum per Annum refpedfively, transferrable at the Bank of Ireland\ as the case shall require, and shall be payable and transferrable at the Bank of Ireland at the same time and in the fame maimer as such existing Annuities of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and Five Pounds per Centum per Annum respectively, are payable and transferrable; and all such Sums so written into the said Books of the Bank of Ireland shall be entitled to Intereft or Dividend from the last Dividend Day immediately previous to the Transfer made under this Adi of the several Stocks, Funds or Annuities in respect of which such Sums were so written in, and up to which Day the Dividend or Intereft on such several Stocks, Funds or Annuities shall have been payable at the Bank of England.

X.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That it shall not be lawful No such Sums to to write in or consolidate any such Sum or Sums in the Books of vvTtcj;n "lc<? the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland relating to the B^nk o°f Ireland^ Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities trails- within Three ferrable at the Bank of Ireland, at any time within Three Weeks Weeks previous next preceding the Fifth Day of January or the Fifth Day of July to the respective in any Year ; nor to write in or consolidate any such Sum or Sums dividend Days, in the Books of the said Governor and Company relating to the Five

Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the said Bank, at any time within Three Weeks next preceding the Fifth Day of April or the Tenth Day of Oftober in any Year ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Bank of Ireland Company of the Bank of Ireland shall, upon making up their Books t0 certify to preparatory to the Payment of each and every Half yearly Intereft or ^u<!itor of Dividend, certify to the Auditor General of His Majefty’s Exchequer Loa^Clerk”^ in Ireland, and to the Loan Clerk there, the Amount of all Stocks, there, the Funds, Annuities or Debentures which shall have been written into Amount of Stock the Books of the said Governor and Company pursuant to this Adi vvr,tten into

in the Courfe of the preceding Half Year, and for which Intereft or ^leir Boo^s* Dividend shall be and become payable pursuant to this Adt; and such Loan Clerk shall certify by his Signature such Application from the said Bank of Ireland for the total Amount of the Intereft or Dividend falling due, and so to be applied for, with the least poftible Delay, provided such Demand from the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall be correct; and thereupon it shall Intereft to be and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor ilTued out of or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and he or they is and 'I1e (^unlo'|dnte-d are hereby authorized and required, to grant his or their Warrant to jteland1 * ^ ^ iifue out of the Produce of the Confolidated Fund arising in Ireland a sufficient Sum of Money for paying to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland the full Amount of all Intereft or Dividend so becoming payable ; any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland, or any Law, Usage, or Cuftom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of the Lofs or Definition of any Certificate of the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, given for the Purpofes of this Adi, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England^ and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, upon Proof of such Lofs or Deftrudlion

to

Duplicates may he granted ol Certificates loft or destroyed.

Hosted

26S

C.79.

57 GEO. III.

A.D. 1217'

i

Security to be given agaitid the Production of the Original*

If Original tendered afrer Duplicate acted upon, it may be detained and cancelled.

Counterfeiting Certificates, &c.

Felony.

Taking Fee for receTving any Certificate, &c.

Penalty ^ol.

to their Satisfaction* to grant a Duplicate of such Certificate ; and such Duplicate shall be full and sufficient Authority to the Governor and Company oi the Bank of Ireland for the Purpofes of this Aft, and shall Hand in the Place and Stead of the original Certificate, if such original Certificate shall not have been previously found and produced to and acted upon by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland : Provided always, that upon any Lofs or Deftruc-tion, or alleged Lofs or Deftruftion, of any such original Certificate, and on the Production of any such Duplicate Certificate, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall and they are hereby authorized and required to demand and take from the Party or Parties tendering any such Duplicate full and sufficient Security to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, to indemnify the said Governor and Company againil the Production of, or any Claim which shall be made under or by virtue of, any such original Certificate so loft or destroyed, or alleged to have been loft or destroyed; and if, at any time after a Duplicate Certificate shall have been produced and acted upon under this Aft, the Original of such Certificate shall be tendered to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company, and they are hereby authorized and required, to detain such original Certificate, and to cancel the fame, and to transmit the fame so cancelled to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englandr, and to deliver up such Security as shall have been entered into touching the said original Certificate, to the Party or Parties entering into such Security, or such of them as shall require the fame.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perlon or Per-fons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly aft or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any such Certificate or Duplicate Certificate, or shall alter any Number, Figure or Word therein, or shall utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the Governor and CompanyTof the Bank of Ireland, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any of His Majefty’s Subjefts for receiving any such Certificate or Duplicate Certificate, or for paying the said Annuities or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Aft, upon pain that any Officer or Person offending by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward or Gratuity, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Cofts of Suit, to be recovered by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record at Wejl-minjler or Dublin respectively, wherein no Effoign, Proteftion, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunftion or Order of Reflraint, or anymore than One Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

CAP.

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

'C. 80, 81.

269

CAP. LXXX.

An A61 for raising the Sum of Nine Millions,' by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.	[ioth July iSiy.]

<£ TREASURY may raise 9,000,000!. by Exchequer Bills, in “ manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c.i. — § 1. The Clauses, 6cc. in <£ recited A 61 extended to this A 61. §2. Treasury to apply the “ Money raised. $3. Exchequer Bills to be payable out of Sup-<£ plies for next Session. $4. Exchequer Bills to bear an Intereft <£ not exceeding 3-d. per Centum per Diem, §5, Exchequer Bills ££ current at the Exchequer after April 5, 1818. — §6, Bank of ££ England may advance 6,000,cool, on the Credit of this A6t, “ notwithstanding 5 &6W.&M. c. 20. — §y.

CAP. LXXXI.

An A£t for raising the Sum of Three millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, in Ireland, for the Services of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.	[ioth July 1817.]

££ Moil Gracious Sovereign, c \T7E, Your Majefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the * VV Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and c Ireland, in Parliament alsembled, being desirous of raising the c necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully and voluntarily granted ‘ to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that £ a Sum not exceeding Three millions six hundred thousand Pounds i Brittflo Currency be raised by Treasury Bills in Ireland\ in manner c hereinafter mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, now or for the time being, if he or they shall judge it advisable, at any time or times after the passing of this A£t, to prepare and make and issue, or cause to be prepared or made and issued, any Number of Bills entitling the Bearer to the Sum or Sums respectively specified therein, (not exceeding in the Whole the Amount hereinafter mentioned and directed,) and declaring such Sum or Sums to be payable, or such Bills to pass current at the Receipt of His Majeftyhs Exchequer in Ireland, at such time and times as shall be directed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majefty’3 Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, and as shall be expressed in such Bills respectively, and such Bills shall bear an Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum ; and the said Bills shall be numbered in Arithmetical Pro-greffion, beginning with Number Oik.

Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent, to bear Intereft*

Hosted

C. 81.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817,

Bills issued not to exceed 3,6oo,oooL.

Bills, it' not paid off, (lull be taken in Payment of the Revenue in Ireland after Inch time as the Treasury shall appoint.

Intereft to cease.

Money carried to frifh Confo-lidated Fund.

Bills to he chargeable on Confolidated Fuud of U. K.

Bank of Ireland and Bank of England may advance the Sum of 3,600,0001. on the Credit of this Aft.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the laid Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury to issue any such Bills under this ACt to any Amount exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency; and that such Bills shall be issued for so much only of the said Sum of Three millions six hundred thousand Pounds Briti/b Currency as shall be aCtually paid by any Person or Persons into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland, at the Inftance or by and with the Confent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury or any Three of them now or for the time being; and that the Intereft on the said Bills, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall commence from the issuing thereof refpeCtively, and shall be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatsoever ; and that every such Bill so to be issued for the said Sum of Three millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, shall or may, on or after such time or times as shall be appointed by the said Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or by the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three of them, if not sooner paid off, be received and taken by and be current to any Receiver or Collector in Ireland of the Cuftoms, Excife or any Revenue, Aid or Tax arifmg in Ireland, for and in Satisfaction of any Cuftom, Excife, or any Aid, Revenue or Tax, then or thereafter refpeCtively to become due or payable to His Majeffy, His Heirs and Succeffors, in Ireland, and shall be taken, pass and be current at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland, from every such Receiver or ColleCtor, for or in respect of the Cuftoms, Excife, or any Revenue, Aid or Tax by him collected or received, at or after such time or times so to be appointed as aforesaid.

III.	And be it further enacted, That as soon as any of the said Treasury Bills, which shall or may be issued in pursuance of this ACt, shall be received by any Receiver or Collector, pursuant to the Proviflons of this ACt, all Intereft shall cease from the Day of such Receipt, and shall be no. longer payable thereon, and the fame, when paid by such Receiver or Collector into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland, shall be cancelled.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be received under or by virtue of this ACt shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Dublin, and shall be carried to and form Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom ariling in Ireland.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all the said Treasury Bills, and all Intereft thereon, or which shall become payable in respect of the said Sum of Three millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid out of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of His Exchequer in Dublin, or at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in London, any Sum or

Sums

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.81, 82.

271

Sams of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of Three millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, any Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithstanding ; so that no greater or higher Sum, by way of Interect, Difcount, Gratuity or other Coniideration, shall be demanded or taken by filch or any of the laid Governors and Companies respectively, or by any Person on their Behalf, than at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum for any Money so advanced.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That the said Lord High Trea-surer, or Commissioners of His Majcfty’s Treasury, do and shall order and direct, and cause to be paid into the Bank of England, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatsoever, all Intereft which shall become due and payable on such Part of the said Sum as shall be railed or advanced in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, until such time as the Holders of such Treasury Bills shall be paid their Principal Money, with all Intereft remaining due thereon, at One entire Payment, at the said Bank of England.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the proper Officers of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland be and they are hereby authorized and required to obey all such Orders, as to the Iffue and Delivery of such Treasury Bills as shall be required to be transmitted to England, as they shall from time to time receive from the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Ad to continue an Ad palled in Ireland in the Thirteenth

and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty refpeding

certain Annuities, so long as the said Annuities shall be

payable.	[10th July 1817.]

6 WHEREAS an Ad was made in the Parliament of Ireland in 6 VV the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His ‘ present Majesty, intituled An Ad to explain and amend an Ad, passed ( in this SeJJion of Parliament, intituled An Ad for granting Annuities

*	in the manner therein provided) to such Persons as Jljall voluntarily c subscribe towards raising a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two c hundred and sixty fve thousand Pounds ; which said Ad has by

*	feveral subsequent Ads been continued, and is in force until and f upon the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight bun-c dred and seventeen, and it is expedient that the said recited Ad ‘ should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said Ad shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and shall be in force in Ireland from the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, so long as the said Annuities shall be payable, and as the said Ad for granting Annuities Qr any of the Provifions for the fame shall remain in force, and require to be carried into Effed ; and the said A6\ for granting Annuities, and the said Ad for explaining and amending the fame, shall be com ftrued together as one Ad.

CAP.

Intereft arising in England to be paid into the Bank till Holders paid Principal and Imereti.

Tranfmitting Treasury Bills to England,

13 & 14 G. 3. (I.)

continued.

Hosted

272

C.83.

5 7°GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

5&0. 3-c 89.

i?o,'2.96I- 9s. 4d. Five per Cents, (landing in the Books of the Bank of England in the Names of the Commiflion-ers for the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland or U. K. declared cancelled from 35th March.

Bank to place the Dividends to the Account of the Commilhon-ers for the Reduction of the National Debt, 26 G.3. c.31. and indemnified.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An A<ft to amend an Aft, made in the last Seflion of Parliament, for providing for the Charge of certain Additions to the Public Debt of Ireland.	[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the last Seflion of Parliament, intituled An Aft to provide for the Charge of certain i Additions to the Public Debt of Ireland, for the Service of the Tear 4 One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it was enacted, that the 4 Sum of One million eight hundred fifty two thousand and seventy 4 two Pounds Five Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities, ftand-4 ing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of 4 Ireland in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduftion 4 of the National Debt in Ireland, ftiould be cancelled : And Whereas 4 Part of the said Sum of One million eight hundred fifty two 4 thousand and seventy two Pounds Five Pounds per Centum An-4 nuities, was, at the time of the pafling of the said Aft, {landing in 4 the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England 4 in the Names of the said Commissioners, and it was intended that 4 the fame should be cancelled by the said Aft Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Sum of One hundred eighty thousand two hundred ninety fix Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence Five Pounds per Centum Irifh Annuities, {landing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in the Names of the late Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland, or in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt of the United Kingdom, shall be cancelled, and the said Sum is hereby declared to be cancelled from the said Twenty fifth Day of March accordingly ; and that from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March the Intereft or Dividend which would have been payable upon the said Sum so cancelled shall cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland or in Great Britain, or to be charged upon the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the said Confolidated Fund, for the Purpofe of defraying the Charge occasioned by any Addition made or to be made to the Public Debt in the present ■Year.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, and they or either of them are and is hereby authorized and required, to receive all the Arrears of Intereft or Dividends now due on the said Annuities, and to place the fame to the Account of the Com-mifiioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, raised in their Books under and in virtue of an Aft passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty,' intituled An Aft for vejling certain Sums in CommiJJioners at the End of every Quarter of the Tear, to be by them applied to the Reduftion of the National Debt; and that

14	the

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 83,84.

273

the said Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, and their Succeflbrs, shall be and they are hereby held harmless and indemnified from and against all Claims and Demands of or by any ' Person or Persons for or by reason or in consequence of the Payments by the said Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England of the Dividends hereinbefore directed to be received ; and the said Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England shall not be required to fee to the Application of the said Dividends, nor be in any manner responsible for the Mifapplication or Nonapplication thereof.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An A<£1 to regulate the Offices of His Majefty’s Exchequer in England and Ireland refpe£tively.	[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS the Offices of Auditors and Tellers of His (	Majefty’s Exchequer in England and Ireland respectively,

and of Clerks of the Pells in England and Ireland respectively, are c Offices with respect to which it is expedient that a more econo-6 mical Execution of the Duties thereof respectively, after the 6 Termination of the present existing Interefts therein refpe<5lively, 6 should be adopted;’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the several and respective Duties of the several and respective Offices of Auditor, and of each of the Four Tellers of His Majefty’s Exchequer and Clerk of the Pells in England, and of Auditor and of Teller of His Majefty’s Exchequer and Clerk of the Pells in Ireland, shall, from and after and upon the respective Terminations of the respective present existing Interefts in each of the said Offices re-fpe£lively, and as each of the said Offices ffiall become vacant upon the Termination of such present existing Interests, be regulated under the Proviftons of this A&, and thereafter be executed and performed by the several and respective Persons appointed to execute the fame in Person.

II. And be it further enacted, That from time to time as any of such respective Offices shall become vacant upon the present existing Intereft or Interefts therein, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire-land, or the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, to regulate the Duties and Eftablifhments of the Offices so becoming vacant, so as the said Duties ffiall be performed in Person by such and such Number of fit and proper Persons as may be sufficient and necessary to perform and execute the Duties to be done, performed and executed in the said Offices, as the said Commissioners ffiall deem fit, with such Salaries or Emoluments as ffiall be ordered and appointed by the said Commissioners or any Three or 57 Geo. III.	T	more

Duties of certain Offices, after Expiration of exiting [ntereffs, to be performed in Person.

Treasury to regulate the Execution of the Duties of such Offices, and appoint Salaries adequate to the Duties.

Hosted

C. 84.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Tre&iury lo lay before Parliament Statement of former and new Eftablifh-ment of Office lo regulated, f Sic.

Savings arising by new Regulations (if the Eftablifhment of fucli Office, to go to the Confoli-dated Fund.

56 G. 3. C.46.

Per fons belonging to the said Offices, when regulated, incapable of fitting or voting as Members of the House of Commons.

15 G.2. c. 22.

Persons appointed to certain Offices to have the

more of them in that Behalf ; Regard being had in every filch case to the Nature and Extent of the Duties to be performed, and to the Refponfibility which may attach or belong to the several and re-fpedlive Officers or Persons executing the Duties of the said Offices refpedlive)y ; and all such Regulations, Appointments and Salaries, when so made and established, ffiall become and be in full force and Effedl in relation to the said Offices respectively ; any thing contained in any Adi or Adis of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or Usage, Cuftom or Pradlice, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said Lord High Trea-furer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, ffiall within Six Weeks after the Regulation, under the Provifions of this Adi, of any such Office so becoming vacant as aforesaid, if Parliament ffiall be then fitting, or if Parliament ffiall not be then fitting, then within Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, f an Account of such new Eftablifhment of the Office so regulated, and all the Regulations above mentioned, with a Statement of the Number of Officers and Amount of Salaries of each respectively, together with a Statement of the former Eftabliffiment of the Office so regulated.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money arising from Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, which ffiall by reason ot the Regulation of any such Offices be more than sufficient to apply the Sum of Forty eight thousand Pounds per Annum to the Civil Lift Revenues, under the Provifions of an Adi passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Ad for the better Regulation of the Civil Lift, and to defray the Salaries and incidental Charges of the new Eftablifhment of any such Office, ffiall, by the Orders and Directions of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury (which Orders and Diredtions the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to make and give for that Purpofe), be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be carried to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; any thing in any Adi or Adis of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enacted, That every Office and Appointment belonging to and making Part of the Eftabliffiment of any of the said Offices respectively, when so regulated as aforesaid, ffiall be deemed and taken to be a new Office within the true Intent and Meaning of an Adi passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne ; and every Person holding any such Office shall be incapable of fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons ; and every such Officer who ffiall fit or vote in the House of Commons shall be liable and subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures contained in an Adi passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His )ate Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Ad, to exclude certain Officers from being Members of the House of Commons.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That every Person who ffiall be appointed to discharge the Duties of the several and refpedlive

Offices

Hosted

A.D/1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.84, 85.

275

Offices of Auditor and of Teller of His Majefty’s Exchequer and of Clerk of the Pells in England, and of Auditor and Teller of His Majefty’s Exchequer, and of Clerk of the Pells in Ireland, according to the Eftabliffiment of any of the said Offices re-fpe&ively to be made in pursuance of this A<ft, ffiall be deemed and taken to have the fame Intereft in the said Offices as if the fame had been granted by His Majefty’s Letters Patent during good Behaviour.

fame Intereft in ftu h Offices as if granted by Letters Patent.

CAP. LXXXV.

An ACt to permit until the Fourteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Importation of Corn and other Articles in any Ship and from any Country; to permit such Articles which may have been warehoused for Exportation only to be entered for Home Confumption ; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given Directions foT the Importation of Corn and other Articles, or the taking the fame out of Warehoufe free of Duty, and who have aCted in obedience thereto. [10th July 1817.3

c II7 HE RE AS it is expedient to allow for a limited time Corn,

* VV Grain, Meal, Flour and Rice to be imported in any Ship 4 or Veffel from any Country whatever, and that such Articles 4 warehoused for Exportation only ffiould be allowed to be entered 4 for Home Confumption, provided the Ports ffiall continue open 4 during such limited time for such Species of Grain, under the 4 Provifions of an A£t passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign 55G.3.C. 26.

4 of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to amend the Lavas 4 nova in force for regulating the Importation of Corn, and that Rye 4 Meal nova warehoused or imported for Exportation be admitted 4 for Entry for Home Confumption Duty free f Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the passing of this Aft, Corn,&c. may until the Fourteenth Day of November inclusive in this present be imported in Year, it ffiall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to im- any Veffel from port Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour and Rice in any Ship or Veffel ^^j^ovember from any Country whatever, any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the 4 contrary thereof notwithstanding :	Provided	always, that the Im- Provifo.

portation of Grain ffiall during the aforesaid Period continue to be legal, under the Provifions of the aforesaid A£t passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Corn, &c. ivare-paffing of this A<ft, until the said Fourteenth Day of November housed for F.x-inclufive in this present Year, any Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour and portation only Rice which may have been warehoused, for Exportation only may fo^Hom”con be entered for Home Confumption provided the Ports ffiall con- fumption. tinue open until the aforesaid Fourteenth Day of November for Provifo. such Species of Corn respectively, under the Provifions of the

T 2	aforefaid

Hosted

276

The like as to Rye Meal vvare-housed,&c.

Treasury indemnified for giving Directions for the Importation of such Articles in any VeiTel and from any Country,

So much of 45 G.3. c. 18.

§ 9. as enadls that no Cam-bricks or Lawns, except the Manufacture of

C. 85, 86.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1817.

aforesaid Aft passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Ill* And be it further, enacted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, and until the Fourteenth Day of November inclusive in this present Year, any Rye Meal which may have been warehoused or imported for Exportation only may be admitted to Entry for Home Confumption Duty free.

4 IV. And Whereas the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Trea-4 fury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland have 4 thought it expedient to give Direftions for the Importation of 4 the aforesaid Articles in any Ship or Veffel, and from any Coun-4 try whatever ; and that such of the aforesaid Articles as may have 4 been warehoused for Exportation only be entered for Home 4 Confumption, agreeably to the Provifions of the aforesaid Aft 4 palled in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, and that Rye Meal warehoused or imported for Ex-4 portation may be admitted to Entry Duty free ; and it is ex-4 pedient that such Proceeding should be sanctioned by Parliament,

4 and that all Persons ifilling, giving or advising such Direftions,

4 or concerned in the ifilling, giving, or advising any such Direftions,

4 and also all Persons acting under or in pursuance thereof, should 4 be respectively indemnified Be it therefore enacted, That all Persons ifilling, giving or advising any such Direftions as aforesaid, or concerned in the ifilling, giving or advising any such Direftions, and also all Persons acting or who may aft under or in pursuance of the laid Direftions, shall be and they are hereby indemnified for and on account of the fame, and of any Aft, Matter or thing done in pursuance of, or in obedience to, or in conformity with such Direftions as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes whatever as if the fame Direftions had been given, and such Afts, Matters and things had been done in pursuance of any Aft or Afts of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Aft: to permit the Importation of Foreign Cambricks and Lawns into Ireland, on Payment of the like Duties as are chargeable in Great Britain.	[10th	July 1817ft

4 TIT HE REAS it is expedient that the Importation of Foreign 4 VV Cambricks and Lawns into Ireland should be permitted 4 under the like Duties as are payable on the Importation thereof 4 into Great Britain ; Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Eleventh Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, so much of an Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Alt for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fix, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.86.

2-77

tain Drawbacks and Bounties, upon Goods, JVares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties as enaCts that no Cambricks or Lawns except of the Manufacture of Great Britain shall be imported into Ireland, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Eleventh Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, upon the Importation into Ireland of any Foreign Cambricks and Lawns, the several and refpe61ive Duties of Cuftoms inserted, described and fet forth in the Table hereunto annexed marked (A.), and that the fame shall be under the Management of the Commifiioners of the Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall from time to time arise from the said Duties, the necessary Charges of raiftng and accounting for the fame being deduCled, shall be carried to and shall be made Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\

IV.	And be it further enabled, That on the Exportation from Ireland of any Foreign Cambricks or Lawns so imported, and on which the Duties imposed by this ACt shall have been fully paid and satisfied, there shall be allowed and paid such Drawbacks as are inserted, described and fet forth in Figures in the said Table marked (A.), to this ACt annexed, under and subject to all such Rules, Regulations and ReftriClions as Drawbacks of the like Nature are payable by virtue of any ACt or ACls in force in Ireland.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, allowed and recovered, in such and the like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms of a like Nature in Ireland are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, ReftriClions, Penalties and Forfeitures, of any ACt or ACls of Parliament now in force, in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms in Ireland ; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, for any Offences whatever, against or in breach of any ACt or ACls of Parliament in force on or immediately before the palling of this ACt, made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms in Ireland, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and EffeCt as to the said Duties and Drawbacks, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if they were at large repeated and re-enaCled in this ACl.

G. B. shall be imported into Ireland, repealed.

Duties in Table (A ) paid on Importation into Ireland of Foreign Cambricks and Lawns.

Duties carried to

Confolidated

Fuud.

Drawbacks in Table (A.) on Exportation of Cambricks and Lawns.

Duties and Drawbacks how levied and paid.

T 3	TABLE

Hosted

278

C.86,87.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817*

TABLE (A.) to which this Aft refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation into Ireland of Foreign Cambricks and Lawns, and of the Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof.

	DUTY.	-  DRAWBACK.

	Britifh Currency.	Britifh Currency.

CAMBRICKS and LAWNS commonly called	£• d.	S. d.

French Lawns, plain, the Piece, not exceeding Eight Yards in Length, and not exceeding Seven eighths of a Yard in Breadth -	— 11 6	— 4 —

Exceeding Eight Yards in Length or exceeding Seven eighths of a Yard in Breadth, the Piece, and in that Proportion for a greater less Quantity - - ...	— H 4r	— 5 ~

LAWNS Silefia, and all other Lawns, plain, (except Cambricks and French Lawns) not bleached in Holland, the Piece, not exceeding Eight Yards in Length -	1  00		 2 8

Silefia and all other Lawns, plain, (except Cambricks and French Lawns) bleached in Holland, the Piece, not exceeding Eight Yards in 1 Length -------	— 9 7	— 3 4

CAP. LXXXVII.

56 G. 3. c. 104. § 16.

An Aft to amend Two Afts puffed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, and in the last Seflion of Parliament, for the making more effectual Provifion for the Prevention of Smuggling.	[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for, amongst other c Things, the making more effectual Provifion for the Prevention * of Smuggling, and rewarding Officers and Persons making Seizures ‘ and capturing Smuggling Veffels, it is enacted, that all Foreign € Brandy, Rum, Geneva and other Spirits which shall be seized by c any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, * or Officer acting urder the Orders of the Lord High Admiral, < or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High * Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Irelandy * or under the Orders of the Commissioners of Cuftoms or Excife ‘ in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, or by Officers on c Half Pay, Military or Naval, authorized as in the laid Aft men-6 tioned, at Sea or on Shore, or having been unffiipped or landed * without Payment of His Majefty’s Duties of Cuftoms or Excife,

‘ payable

Hosted

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C.87.

2 79

4 payable on the lawful Importation of such Spirits respectively, * shall after the Seizure thereof be lodged with the proper Officer of 4 Excife, and secured, and gauged, and taken, and kept Account of,

<	and after the Condemnation thereof respectively upon Profecu-

<	tion thereof, by Order of the Commissioners of Excife, ffiall be 4 forthwith conveyed to such respective Places as are mentioned or 4 provided in an ACt made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign 4 of His present Majessy, intituled yin Ad for the more ejfedual 4 Prevention of Smuggling, and there re-diflilled und\r the Orders 4 of the Commissioners of Excife, for the Purpofe of making the 4 fame of a proper Import Strength, and shall afterwards be fold or 4 otherwise disposed of as directed by the said ACt i and by another 4 A Cl made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His 4 present Majessy, intituled An Ad to make more ejfedual Provi-4 fion for the Prevention of Smuggling ; and by this ACt, under *■ the Orders of the Commissioners of Excife : And Whereas it 4 is expedient that so much of the said recited ACl ffiould be al-4 tered as hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the passing of this ACt, all and every Seizure and Seizures made by any Officer or Officers of Cufloms, or of His Majefly’s Navy, or aCting under the Orders of the Lord High Admiral or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid (not being an Officer or Officers of His Majefly’s Army or Marines, or any Military or Naval Officer on Half Pay, or any Officer or Person employed in the Smuggling Preventive Boat Service, either separately or jointly with any other Person or Persons whatsoever, except an Officer of Excife, or an Officer of His Majefly’s Army or Marines, or any Military or Naval Officer on Half Pay, or any Officer or Person employed in the Smuggling Preventive Boat Service), shall be lodged and secured under the Provifions of the said ACts made in the said Forty fifth and Forty seventh Years of His Majeftv’s Reign, and be disposed of or prosecuted for Condemnation, by Order and under the Directions of the Commissioners of Cufloms ; and that such Commissioners shall be authorized to direCt and pay all Rewards for the making of every such Seizure and Seizures, and of all Cofls and Expenfes relating thereto, in the same manner as if so much of the A Cl hereinbefore recited had not been made ; any thing in the said ACl to the contrary thereof notwithHanding ; subject nevertheless to any special Order and Directions touching the Diftribution of any such Reward or Rewards which shall be given by the Commissioners of His Majefly’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to such Commissioners of Cufloms, before such Diftribution has been made.

* II. And for obviating Doubts touching the Seizures to which 4 the further Rewards granted by the said recited ACt in lieu of 4 the Rewards then payable, and the said recited Provifions of the 4 said ACl, do or shall extend Be it declared and enacted, That such Seizures only as shall be made for any Offence againff any Xaw or Laws of Cufloms or Excife passed for the Prevention of

T 4?	Smuggling,

45 G. 3. c.121. § 13-

47 G.3. SefT. 2. c. 66. § Z9.

Seizures by Officers of the Cuftoms, &c. to be secured under the Provifions of the recited Acts of

45 G. 3. c.121. and

47 G. 3. SefT. 2. c. 66.

Commissioners of Cuitoms to direCt Payment of Rewards, lub-jeCt to Orders of Treasury.

Seizures by Officers of Excife, &c. to be delivered over to

Hosted

280

C.87.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

proper Officer and prosecuted, and Commif-fioners of Excife to direfi Payment of Rewards, fubje<ft to Orders of Tteafury.

56 G. 3. c.i04. § 10.

§ 11.

Smuggling, and where the Person or Persons engaged or concerned therein is or are by any such Law or Laws liable, if a Briti/h Subject, to Arreft and Detention, shall be deemed and taken to be Seizures in respect of which the further Rewards directed by the said recited A61 shall extend and apply, and be payable and paid ; and that all Spirits so seized for any such Offence as aforesaid, and the Ships and other Veffels, Carts and other Carriages, Horfes and other Cattle, seized therewith or on account thereof, except by any Cuftoms Officer or Officers, or any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Navy, or acting under the Orders of the Lord High Admiral, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, either separately or jointly with any other Person or Persons, not being an Excife Officer, or an Officer of His Majefty’s Army or Marines, or any Military or Naval Officer on Half Pay, or any Officer or Person employed in the Smuggling Preventive Boat Service as aforesaid, shall be delivered over to and lodged with the proper Officer of Excife, and be disposed of or prosecuted to Condemnation by Order of the Commissioners of Excife, as directed by the said recited A 61 of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid ; and such Commissioners shall be authorized to direct and pay all Rewards for the making of every such Seizure and Seizures, except as aforesaid, and of all Cofts and Expences relating thereto, subject nevertheless to any special Order and Direction touching the Diftribution of any such Reward or Rewards which shall be given by the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to such Commissioners of Excife, before such Diftribution has been made.

i III* And Whereas by the said A& it is enabled, that One Half

*	Part of all such Rewards as aforesaid, after Deduction of all Cofts c and Expences, shall be paid by the Commissioners of Cuftoms or ‘ Excife respectively by whom the Profecution shall be directed, to

*	fuch Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons who shall be en-s titled to the fame, immediately upon the Condemnation of any c such Seizure, and the other Half Part thereof upon the Account

*	or Accounts relating to such Seizure being finally made up and ‘ adjusted ; and that all Cofts and Expences attending the Seizure, 6 Detention, Cuftody, Removal, Profecution, Condemnation and Sale ‘ of any Ship, Boat or other Veflel, Carriage, Horse, Cattle, Goods,

*	Wares or Merchandize respectively forfeited under any Law or

*	Laws of Cuftoms or Excife, shall, except in the cases hereinafter c mentioned, be paid out of the gross Proceeds arising from the ‘ Sale of such Seizure, whenever such Goods, Wares or Mer* ‘ chandize respectively are fold ; and in case any such Goods, Wares ‘ or Merchandize shall not be fold, but be destroyed or otherwise « disposed of by any Order of the said Commissioners of His Ma-

4	jelly’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them as afore-

5	said, all such Cofts and Expences shall be paid out of His t Majefty’s Share of Cuftoms or Excife Seizures which shall or may

*	be seized or condemned:	And	Whereas	it is expedient that the

6	whole of such Rewards as aforesaid should, for the greater En-i couragement of the Officers and Persons employed for the Pre-

*	vention of Smuggling, be paid immediately upon the Condemnation

*	cf any such Seizure as aforesaid j’ Be it therefore enabled, That

from

Hosted

The whole of the Rewards piyalde under 56 G 3. c. 104.

§ 10,11. to be immediate** ly paid on Condemnation of the Seizure, after deducing 10 per Cent, for Ex-pences.

Provifions of 56 G. 3. c. 104. extended to Persons appointed by Treasury or Commissioners of the Cuftoms

or by the Commissioners of Cuftoms or Excife in England, Scotland or Excife, to or Ireland, to make such Seizures as are in the said Aft mentioned, make Seizures, and who shall be employed to aft in or with the Boat Service efta, blifhed for the Prevention of Smuggling, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted with respect to such Person and Persons in this Aft.

4 V. And Whereas by an Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of 450,3.0,121.

4 the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preven- § 7*

* tion of Smuggling, it is enacted, that every Person being a Subjeft 4 of His Majesty, who shall be found or taken on board, or difcover-4 ed to have been on board any Ship, Veffel or Boat liable to Forfei*

4 ture under any of the Provifions of that Aft, or liable to Forfeiture 4 under the Provifions of any other Aft or Afts, for being found or 4 having been at Anchor, or hovering within any such Diftances of 4 any of the Dominions of His Majesty, with such Goods on board 4 as subject such Ship, Veffel or Boat, or Goods to Forfeiture, and 4 who shall not prove that he was only a Paffenger on board such 4 Ship, Veffel or Boat ; and every Person found aiding or assisting 4 in unfhipping to be laid on Land, or found carrying, conveying,

4 concealing or assisting in the carrying away, conveying or con-4 cealing any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or Spirits subject to 4 Forfeiture under that Aft, or any Law or Aft relating to the 4 Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife in the United Kingdom, shall for-4 feit for every such Offence, either Treble the Value of the Goods 4 that shall be found or taken from such Person or Persons, or the 4 Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Option and subject to the 4 Eleftion and Difcretion of the Commissioners of Cuftoms or Excife 4 respectively, who shall direct any Prolecution or Suit to be com*

4 menced against any such Person, such Penalty of Treble the Value,

4 or of One hundred Pounds, as the case may be, to be recovered 4 as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Aft or Afts relat-4 ing to the Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife in the United Kingdom,

4 and that One Half of every such Penalty of Treble Value or of 4 One hundred Pounds shall go and be applied to the Ufe of the 4 Person or Persons finding and taking and detaining such Person,

4 or informing for the fame, and that such Person shall also be liable 4 to such other Punifhment as may by any Law or Aft of Parlia-4 meat be inilifted on any such Offender ; and that it shall be lawful

4 for

A.D. 1817.	hT	GEO. III.	C.	87.

from and after the passing of this Aft, the whole of the Rewards granted by the said Aft of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid shall, immediately on the Condemnation of any such Seizure as aforesaid, be paid as aforesaid, upon the Value of every such Seizure to be efti-rnated or fixed in the manner directed by the said Aft with respect to Goods, Wares and Merchandize, after dedufting from such estimated Value the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum for the Ex-pences attending and occasioned by such Seizure and Condemnation.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions, Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, Privileges, Protections, Matters and things contained in the said Aft of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid respecting or relating to Officers of the Army or Navy on Half Pay, shall extend and be applied to, and be had, used and exercised by such Person and Persons as may be authorized and appointed by any Warrant or other Inftrument to be granted by the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three of them,

Hosted

282

C.87.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Persons found on board Smuggling VefTels, and not able to l'erve the King in the Navy, to pay down the Penalty on Conviction before a Juslice, who may commit them in Default of Payment.

c for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Cuftoms

*	or Excife, and he and they is and are thereby authorized, em-c powered and required to flop, arrest, and detain every such Perfon

*	being a Subjetft of His Majesty, and to convey the said Person 4 before One or more of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace refid-4 ing near to the Port or Place into which such Ship, Veffel or Boat 4 shall be taken or carried, or near to the Place where any such 4 Person shall be so taken or arrested ; and it shall be lawful for such 4 Juftice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are thereby 4 required, upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witnefs 4 or Witneffes that such Person was so found or taken or discovered 4 as aforesaid, unless any such Person found or taken, or having 4 been on board of any such Ship, Veffel or Boat, shall prove to 4 the Satisfaction of such Juftice that he was only a Paffenger on 4 board such Ship, Veffel or Boat, to hold such Person to Bail,

4 with Two good and sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred 4 Pounds each, for the Appearance of such Person to answer to any 4 Indictment or Information that may be brought against him in 4 that Behalf, and to pay such Penalty and abide any Judgment for 4 any such Offence ; and in default of any such Person finding such 4 good and sufficient Bail as aforesaid, or until the fame shall be 4 found, to commit such Person to any Gaol or Prifon or House 4 of Correction to answer as aforesaid : Provided nevertheless, that 4 if any such Person so found or discovered and taken as aforesaid 4 shall be capable and desirous of entering and serving as a Seaman 4 or Marine in any of His Majefty’s Ships of War, it shall be lawful 4 for the Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, or of 4 the Cuftoms or Excife, by whom such Person was taken, arrested 4 and detained as aforesaid, or for any Juftice of the Peace or Magis-4 rate before whom any such Person may be carried, and such Officer 4 and Officers is and are thereby authorized, empowered and required, 4 instead of taking such Person before any Juftice or Magistrate, 4 and such Juftice or Magiftrate is thereby authorized, instead of 4 holding any such Person to Bail, to carry and convey or cause to 4 be carried or conveyed such Person on board any of His Majefty^s 4 Ships of War, in order to his being entered and received as a 4 Seaman or Marine : And Whereas it is expedient, for the more 4 speedy Conviction and Punifhment of all such Offenders as afore-4 said, that such Juftice and Justices as aforesaid should respectively 4 have Power and Authority to hear and determine forthwith any 4 Information against any such Person or Persons arrested under the 4 said recited or any other Adi or Adis of Cuftoms or Excife for 4 the Prevention of Smuggling, without any previous Commitment 4 of, such Person as aforesaid to Prifon Be it therefore enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Juftice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Person so arrested as aforesaid, being a SubjeCt of His Majesty, and not being fit and able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, shall be carried, on the Confeffion of any such Person of any such Offence as aforesaid with which he may be charged in any Information or Complaint to be then and there laid or exhibited by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife against him, or on Proof thereof on the Oath ‘of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, to convict such Person in such Penalty respectively as aforesaid ; and every such Person so corivi'&ed

as

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 87-

283

as aforesaid shall immediately on such Conviction pay down into the Hands of such Officer the said Penalty in which he or {he ffiall be so convicted ; and if any such Person or Persons so convicted ffiall not forthwith pay down the said Penalty, the said Juftice or Justices ffiall and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to commit the Person so convicted as aforesaid to any Gaol or Prifon or House of Correction until such Penalty ffiall be paid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Per- Offenders able son liable to be arrested under any of the ACts made for the Pre* t0 ierve in the vention of Smuggling ffiall be fit and able to serve His Majesty in Navy may j>e

g* o o	j	j	r'lt'V'ipn nn hnarn

His Naval Service, and liable under the said Ads or any of them a King’s Ship in to be impressed into such Service, every such Person so arrested ffiall order to be im-be taken before such Juftice or Juft ices as aforesaid, and ffiall, upon prelfed. such Proof as by the said ACt of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid or 45 G. 3. c. isr. any other Ad is required, be committed by such Juftice or Juitices § to Prifon, to answer such Information and abide such Judgment as may be thereon given against him in that behalf; and that it ffiall and may be lawful for the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon or House of Corredion in which such Person ffiall be so imprisoned, or for any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, on the Order of the Commissioners of Cuftoms or Excife respectively directing the Profecution to such Gaoler or Keeper and Officer respectively, to carry and convey or cause to be carried or conveyed any such Person on board of any of His Majefty’s Ships of War, in order to his being impressed into Elcaping or de~ His Majefty’s Naval Service ; and if such Person ffiail at any time ferting; or times after any such Commitment as aforesaid, and before the Expiration of Five Years from the time of his Arreft, escape or desert from or leave such Cuftody or Service, he ffiall, over and beside all Puniffiment to which he ffiall be subject for such Defertion, Proceedings, be liable to be at any time or times afterwards again arrested and imprisoned or delivered over as aforesaid : Provided always, that every Officer or other Person who ffiall arrest any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, so that he ffiall be so convicted or committed to Prifon as aforesaid, ffiall be entitled to and shall thereupon have and receive the like Reward as if such Person or Persons were delivered by him over to and impressed into His Majefty’s Naval Service ; and provided, that no such Juftice or Justices ffiall accept or receive any Bail for any such Person so arrested, who ffiall be fit and able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, or liable under all or any of the said Ads to be impressed into such Service ; any thing in any other Ad or Ads to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the paffmg of this Ad, in all cases where any Goods, Wares, Merchandize,

Boats, Carriages, Horfes or Cattle ffiall be seized as forfeited under any Law or Laws of His Majefty’s Cuftoms or Excife, and no Per-fon or Persons ffiall appear to the Officer or Officers who made such Seizure to claim the fame, if such Seizure ffiall happen to be made out of the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, it ffiall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers who ffiall make such Seizure or Seizures to cause public Notice to be given by Proclamation at the next Market Town to the Place or Places where such Seizure or Seizures ffiall have been made, upon the Market Day next after the Expiration of Six Days from the time of such Sei-

Reward to Officer, Src. arresting such Person.

Justices not to accept Bail.

Condemnation of Seizures to be proceeded in, though the ' Owners of the Goods do not appear.

Proclamation.

Hosted

284-

C. 87-

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817,

Judgments valid as if Owners of Goods,&c. had been summoned.

Penalties of Treble the Value of the Goods, how to be estimated.

Obftru&ing

'Officers,

Penalty tool,

zure or Seizures respectively, of the Day and Place when and where the Jullice or Justices of the Peace will proceed to hear the matter of such Seizure or Seizures, and of Condemnation of the Goods so seized as aforesaid, in which case it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to proceed to examine into the Caufe of such Seizure or Seizures, and to give Judgment for the Condemnation of such Goods, and of the Casks, Veffels, or other Package or Packages containing the fame, and of the Boat or Boats, Cart or Carts, or other Carriage or Carriages, Horse or Horfes, or Cattle seized as aforesaid, as upon due Examination shall appear to be forfeited ; which Judgments shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever as if the respective Owner or Owners thereof, or Person or Persons in whose Cuftody the fame was or were at the respective time or times of the Seizure thereof, had been respectively summoned to attend the said Justices.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That wherever by any Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife, a Penalty of Treble the Value of the Goods is imposed upon any Offender or Offenders, such Offender or Offenders shall severally forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of the Goods, to be estimated and taken according to and at the Rate and Rates, Price and Prices, which the best Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities of the like Sorts, Kinds and Denominations, and for which the Duty or Duties thereon have been paid, were fold at the time of such Seizure, at the Election of His Majesty.’s Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the fame; and that no such Penalty shall be mitigated by any Juftice or Justices below One fourth Part thereof; any thing in any other Adi or Adis to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

*	IX. And Whereas further Provilion is necessary for the Protec-c tion of Officers in the Execution of their Duty,; Be it therefore enacted. That if any Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons in the said Adi of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid or this Adt mentioned, or other Person or Persons acting in their Aid or A Alhance, being on Shore or going on board, or being on board or returning from on board any Ship, Boat or Veffel liable to Search under any Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife, shall be hindered, opposed, molested or obstructed in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty by any Person or Persons whatsoever, every Person or Persons so hindering, opposing, molesting, or obftrudling such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty, or so hindering, opposing, molesting or obftrudling any other Person or Persons acting jn their or any of their Aid or Affift* ance, and also every Person and Persons aiding and assisting any such Person or Persons in the Commiffion of any such Offence, shall for* feit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

*	X. And Whereas large Quantities of Goods, on the Exportation c of which as Merchandize a Drawback or Drawbacks of Excife are

<	payable, have been packed and Ihipped for Exportation on Draw-« back of so bad and unmerchantable a Quality as to be of little of

<	no Value, and have been so Ihipped and exported for the Purpofe * only of obtaining such Drawback, to the great Injury of His

9*	‘ Majefty’s

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 87.

285

* Majefty’s Revenue For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That no Drawback or Drawbacks of Excife shall be paid or payable upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandize packed or shipped for Exportation, which shall be of so bad and unmerchantable a Quality as not to be worth or of the Value at the lead of the Duty or Duties of Excife chargeable or (worn or dated in the Notice of (hipping such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, required by the said A<d of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid to have been paid thereon, if fold for Home Confumption ; and that in such Notice as aforesaid as well the Rate and Amount of the Duty or Duties paid on the Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein mentioned, as of the Drawback or Drawbacks claimed to be payable on the Exportation thereof, and the Value of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, jf fold for Home Confumption, shall be dated and made Part of the Defcrip-tion of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize ; any thing contained in any other A£l or Ads to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That in every case where a Notice of (hipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize for Exportation on Drawback shall be given, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excife to open any or all of the Package or Packages mentioned or described in such Notice, and unpack and examine the Contents thereof, and that the Exporter or Exporters thereof shall, on the Requed of such Officer or Officers, repack such Goods (unlefs he, (he or they shall choose to receive back such Goods unpacked) in the Prefence of a proper Officer or Officers of Excife, in order that the fame may be secured and sealed as by Law is required for Goods packed for Exportation on Drawback, he, (he or they being afterwards allowed and paid by the Commissioners of Excife the reafon-able Expences of such repaeking, and shall either forthwith ship the fame under the before mentioned Notice, or give a fresh Notice for that purpose, as the Occafion may require, and as required by the said A6L

XII.	And be it further enacted, That, if upon Notice being given for (hipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize for Exportation upon Drawback, any other Goods or Packages than such as are mentioned or described in such Notice shall be shipped as and for such Goods or Packages mentioned or described in such Notice, or if any of the Packages or Goods mentioned or described in such Notice shall, after the Shipment thereof be returned into or relanded in Great Britain, (Shipwreck and other inevitable Accident excepted,) without Payment of the Duty or Duties imposed upon the Importation of Goods of the like Kind, all such Goods, with the Packages containing the fame, and the Ship, Boat or Veffel from which the fame shall be unffiipped, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Per-fon or Persons so offending or aiding or affilting therein shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of such Goods, at the Eleftion of His Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue and prosecute for the fame; and such Penalty shall be in addition to the Penalty of the Bond given on the Shipment of any of such Goods for Exportation, and over and belides all other Forfeitures and Penalties whatfoeveiv

XIII. And

To prevent Drawbacks on Goods of unmerchantable Quality.

56 G.3. c. 104. § 25.

Notice of flipping Goods, what to contain.

Packages of Goods for Exportation on Drawback may be opened to examine the Contents.

Expences of repacking repaid.

Where other Goods shipped than those mentioned in Notice, or if Goods shipped be again relanded without Payment of Duty,

Penalty.

Hosted

286

Penalties how recovered and applied.

8 G. i. c.18.

§3-

Ufing Boats with more than Four Oars in the Places herein mentioned. Penalty.

Boats of the like Defcription found in any Part of the British or Irifh Channels, &c. to b eforfeited,and

Penalty iool.

C.87.	57° GEO. III.	A.D.1817.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this A<ft, or by the said recited Aft of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, shall be filed for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods (except as herein specially altered) as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws now in force, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler> or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the fame.

4 XIV. And Whereas by an A61 palled in the Eighth Year of 4 the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Ad 4 to prevent the clandejline running of Goods, and the Danger of 4 Infection thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine,

4 and to subject Copper Ore of the Produdion of the British Planta-4 tions, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the 4 like Produdion are subject > it is enabled, That if any Boat, Wherry, 4 Pinnace, Barge or Galley rowing or made or built to row with 4 more than Four Oars, shall be found upon the Water, or in any 4 Barge-House, Work-house, Shed or other Place within any of the 4 Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, EJfex or in the River of 4 Thames, either above or below London Bridge, or within the 4 Limits of the Ports of London, Sandwich, or Ipswich, or the Mem-4 bers or Creeks to them or either of them respectively belonging, 4 such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with all her Tackle * and Furniture, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and 4 may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, and the 4 Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person using or rowing in such 4 Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, shall also forfeit and lose 4 the Sum of Forty Pounds: And whereas it is expedient to make 4 further Provifion to prevent the Ufe of such Boats, Wherries, 4 Pinnaces, Barges or Gallies rowing or made or built to row with 4 more than Four Oars Be it therefore further enabled, That the Owner or Owners or any Person using or rowing in such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley found within the Counties and Places aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, instead of the Penalty of Forty Pounds by the before-recited

Aa.

XV.	And be it further enaaed, That if any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley rowing or made or built to row with more than Four Oars, belonging wholly or in part to His Majefty’s Sub-jeas, or whereof One half of the Persons on board shall be Subjeas of His Majesty, shall be found in any Part of the British or Irijh Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coafts of Great Britain or Ireland, or shall be discovered to have been within the said Limits, such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife; and the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person using or rowing in such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided

always,

Hosted

A.D.1817-

5 7° GEO. III.

C. 87.

28 7

always, that this A 61 shall not extend or be construed to extend to any Barge or Galley belonging to or to belong to His Majesty or any of the Royal Family, or to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley belonging to and used in the Service of any Merchant Ship or Veffel, or belonging to any Ship or Velfel in the Service of His Majefty’s Navy, Victualling, Ordnance, Cuftoms, Excife or Poll Office, nor to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley whatsoever, the Owner of which ffiall have a Licence from the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England, Scotland or Ireland refpecftively, or any Three of them for the time being.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several last mentioned Forfeitures and Penalties in this A 61 mentioned ffiall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively.

4 XVII. And Whereas by an Aft palled in the Forty seventh 4 Year of His present Majesty* s Reign, intituled An Aft to make 4 more ejfeidual Provlfion for the Prevention of Smuggling, it is 4 enacted, that no Ship, Velfel or Boat belonging in the whole or 4 in part to His Majefty’s Subjects, or whereof One half of the 4 Persons on board ffiall be Subjects of His Majesty, and not being 4 a Lugger, and at the time fitted and rigged as such, ffiall have on 4 board or be navigated by a greater Number of Men (Officers and 4 Boys included) than in certain Proportions to the Number of Tons 4 of her Meafurement, or if a Lugger, also in certain Proportions;

4 and that in case any such Ship, Velfel, or Boat ffiall be found or 4 discovered to have been within certain Limits or Diftances of the 4 United Kingdom, having on board any greater Number of Men 4 than in such Proportions, every such Ship, Velfel, or Boat, and all 4 her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel ffiall be 4 forfeited : And whereas the Objeft of the above in part recited c Claufe was to prevent Velfels engaged in illicit Practices from 4 having a greater Number of Men than was necelfary for their c Navigation, which Excefs enabled them the better to carry on such 4 illicit Proceedings ; and as it is expedientt hat fquare-rigged Velfels 4 ffiould not be so reftridled, in order that a greater Opportunity £ may be afforded for the Employment of Seamen of the United 4 Kingdom ;* Be it therefore enacted, That nothing in the said recited Claufe ffiall extend or be construed to extend to forfeit any Ship or Velfel which ffiall be square rigged, by reason of any Man or Men exceeding the aforesaid Proportions.

4 XVIII. And Whereas by the aforesaid recited A£t, palled in 4 the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign.of His present Majesty, it is 4 required that the Owner or Owners of any Ship, Veffel or Boat 4 requiring a Licence ffiall give the necelfary Security for the fame,

4 at the Port to which such Ship, Veffel or Boat ffiall belong, and no 4 other : And whereas it may happen that such Ship, Veffel or Boat 4 may not be at the Port to which ffie is to belong at the time when a 4 Licence and Security ffiall become necelfary Be it therefore enacted, That it ffiall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England, Scotland or Ireland, or any Three or more of them respectively, in such cases, on Proof to their Satisfa6tion that the Mailer or Owner of such British Veffel or Boat

really

Provifo for certain VefTds of the Royal Family, Navy, &c.

Penalties how to be prosecuted.

47 G. 3. Seffi 2. c.66. § 5.

not to extend to square rigged VefTels.

56 G. 3. c.104. § 2r3*

Commissioners of the Cuftoms may grant Licence toVeffels though not at the Port to

Hosted

C. 87.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

which they be-long.

Sureties in cases of Licence to make Oath of their Sufficiency.

Commissioners of the Cuftoms may grant Deputations to Per-fons not Officers to make Seizures of Goods, &c. specified in Deputation.

Such Persons liable, &c. as Officers.

really and bond fide intends to proceed without Delay (Wind and Weather permitting) to the Port at which she belongs, or is intended to belong, to grant a Certificate to such Mailer or Commander of such Ship, Veffel or Boat, of such Proof having been given, by virtue of which Certificate such Ship, Veffel or Boat, shall not be liable to Seizure on account of not being licensed, so long as such Ship, Veffel or Boat shall be in due Courfe of her Voyage (Wind and Weather permitting) to the Port at which she belongs or is intended to belong.

4 XIX. And Whereas it is required that the Persons who are to 4 become Security shall be Persons approved by the Colledor and 4 Comptroller of the Cuftoms sufficient and responsible, and it is ex-4 pedient to require further Satisfaction as to such Sufficiency and 4 Refponfibility Be it therefore further enacted, That the Persons who are intended to become Security, shall make Oath before the Collector and Comptroller of the Cuftoms (who are hereby authorized to administer the fame), that they are respectively possessed of sufficient Property to answer and pay the Sum for which they intend to become Security.

4 XX. And Whereas it is expedient, for the more effectual Exe-4 cution of the Laws now in force or hereafter to be made for the 4 Benefit of His Majefty’s Revenue of Cuftoms, and the Suppreffion

*	of Smuggling, that the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms

*	ftiould be empowered to grant their Deputations to any such Person 4 or Persons as they may think fit, although he or they may not hold 4 any specific Office under the said Revenue, authorizing him or them 4 to make Seizures of any Wine, Spirituous Liquors, Tea or To-4 bacco, or any prohibited Eafi India or French Goods, or any 4 other Goods specified in such Deputation, which may be subject to 4 Seizure under any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Cuf-4 toms or Excife respectively, or any Veffel, Boat, Horse, Cattle or 4 Carriage used or employed in the Importation or Removal of such 4 prohibited or run Goods be it therefore enacted. That from and after the passing of this Ad it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Cuftoms in England, or any Four or more of them for the time being, or for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in Scotland, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to grant their Deputation to any Person or Persons to make Seizures of Wine, Spirituous Liquors, Tea or Tobacco, or any prohibited Eafi India or French Goods, or any other Goods specified in such Deputation, which may be subject to Seizure under any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife respectively, or any Veffel, Boat, Horse, Cattle or Carriage used or employed in the Importation or Removal of such prohibited or run Goods, although such Person or Persons shall not hold or be appointed to any Office or Offices of the Cuftoms at any specific Port or Place ; and such Person or Persons so deputed shall and may make such Seizures in like manner as any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms ; and such Person or Persons shall *be subject to the li^e Penalties as Officers of the Cuftoms; and all Seizures made by such Person or Persons so deputed shall be sued for, prosecuted, an4 recovered by the like Means, Ways and Methods as any Seizure made by Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife may by any Law or Laws now in force be sued for, prosecuted and recovered.

4 XXL And

Hosted

A«D 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 87.

289

c XXI. And Whereas by the aforesaid A6t passed in the Fifty c sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is enadfed, that

*	from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hun-

*	dred and seventeen, every Ship or Veflel belonging in the Whole or

*	in any Part to any of His Majefty’s Subjects, whereof One Half

*	of the Persons on board are Subje&s of His said Majesty, and being

*	a square rigged Ship or Veflel of the Burthen of Two hundred Tons ( and upwards, the Difference of whose Draught of Water forward c and aft shall exceed One Inch and One Quarter of an Inch for

*	every Foot of the Breadth of such Ship or Veflel, such Draught of f Water to be ascertained by a straight Line along the Rabbit of the

*	Keel, adding to such Draught of Water forward and aft the Depth

*	of the Main Keel in the Middle of the said Ship or Veflel on the Out-6 fide, and the Draught of Water to be taken when the said Ship or 4 Veflel, whether light or loacted, shall be in Sailing Trim, which 6 shall be found in the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, or within 6 any Part of the British or Irijh Channels, or elsewhere within One

*	hundred Leagues of the Coaft of this Kingdom, for which a Licence 4 shall not have been procured from the Commissioners of Cuftoms < for navigating the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be € seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Army, Navy or c Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife : And whereas it is expedient 4 that the said last in part recited A£t should be repealed, and other

*	Provifions made;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the pafling of this A61, every Ship or Veflel belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of His Majefty’s Subje&s, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board are Subjedls of His said Majesty, (not being a square rigged Ship or Veflel of the Burthen of Two hundred Tons or upwards,) the Difference of whose Draught of Water forward and aft shall exceed One Inch and One Quarter of an Inch for every Foot of the Breadth of such Ship or Veflel, such Draught of Water to be ascertained by a straight Line along the Rabbit of the Keel, adding to such Draught of Water forward and aft the Depth of the Main Keel in the Middle of the said Ship or Veflel on the Outlide, and the Draught of Water to be taken when the said Ship or Veflel, whether light or loacted, shall be in Sailing Trim, which shall be found in the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, or within any Part of the British or Irijh Channels, or elsewhere within One hundred Leagues of the Coaft of this Kingdom, for which a Licence shall not have been procured from the Commissioners of the Cuftoms for navigating the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife.

XXII. And be it further ena6ted, That this A61 or any of the Provifions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any A6I or A6ts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

56 G.3. c. 104.

§ 2rO.

VefTels of the Delcription herein mentioned and without Licence, found within certain Limits, or within 100 Leagues of the Coast, forfeited.

A61 may be altered, &c. this Session.

57 Geo. III.	U	'	CAP,

Hosted

290

C. 88, 89.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

28 G. 3. c. 38. 39-41-43-

So much of recited A£t as relates to carrying Coaftwife Fullers Earth, &c.

repealed.

Such Articles when carried Coaftwile shall be liable to all the Regulations imposed by 3Z G. 3. c.50. on Goods prohibited to be exported*

Ji G. 3* c'97* §2.

CAP. LXXXVIIL

An Aft to permit Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay, to be carried Coaftwife under certain Reftriftions.

[10th July 1817.]

4 IIT HE REAS an Aft was passed in the Twenty eighth Year 4	\\ of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to explain,

4 amend, and reduce into One Ad of Parliament, federal Laws now 4 in being for preventing the Exportation of live Sheep, Rams and 4 Lambs, Wool, Woolf els, Mortlings, Shortlings, Tar/* rzrcr/ Worfled,

* Cruets, Coverlids, Waddings and other Manufactures or pretended 4 Manufactures made of Wool slightly wrought up or other wife put 4 together, so as the fame may be reduced to and made use of as Wool 4 again ; Mattreffes or Beds fluffed with combed Wool or Wool fit 4 for combing ; Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay,

4 from this Kingdom, and from the IJles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alder-4 ney, Sark and Man, into Foreign Parts ; and for rendering more 4 effectual an ACt passed in the Twenty third Tear of the Reign of King 4 Henry the Eighth, intituled An Ad for the Winding of Wool:

4 And whereas it is expedient to amend the said Aft so far as relates 4 to Fulling Earth, Fullers Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay carried 4 Coastwife Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft, so much of the aforesaid Aft as relates to the carrying Coaftwife of Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay or Tobacco Pipe Clay, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Aft the said Articles shall,, when carried Coaftwife, be liable to all the Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures, imposed by an Aft passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad for the Relief of the CoaJITrade of Great Britain ; for exempting certain Coajl Documents from Stamp Duties ; for abolishing the Bond usually called The Isle of Man Bond; andfor permitting Corn and Grain brought Co eft wife to be tranjhipped into Fighters for the Purpofe of being carried through the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde, upon Good's, Wares or Merchandize which are or shall be prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, and no other; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Aft to allow the Importation of Oranges and Lemons from the Azores and the Madeiras into the British Colonies in North America.	[ I oth July	1817.]

4 TT^HEREAS by an Aft passed in the Fifty first Year of His 4 VV present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to regulate the 4 Trade between Places in Europe South of Cape Finifterre, and cer-4 tain Ports in the British Colonies in North America, it is enacted, 4 that any Fruit the Produce of any Part of Europe South of Cape 4 jFinifterre may be shipped and laden in any Port or Place of Europe

* South

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

5T GEO. III.

C. 89, 90.

291

* South of Cape Fimjierre for Exportation direct to certain Ports in 4 North America, on board of any BritiJJo Ship or Veffel owned,

4 navigated, and registered according to Law, which shall have arrived 4 at any Port or Place in Europe South of Cape Finisterre with 6 Articles of the Growth or Produce of the said Coionics, or with 4 Fifh taken and cured by His Majefty’s Subjects carrying on the 4 Fifheries from any of the said Colonies or Plantations, or from any 4 Part of the United Kingdom, or with any of the Goods or Com-4 modities hereinafter mentioned from the Province of Canada, whether 4 such Goods and Merchandize shall be the Growth or Produce of 4 the Province of Canada, or shall have been brought into the said 4 Province by Land or Inland Navigation: And Whereas it is expe-4 dient to allow Oranges and Lemons to be exported diredlfrom the 4 Azores and the Madeiras into the BritiJJo Colonies in North Ante-4 rica in any British built Ship or Veffel owned, registered and na-4 vigated according to Law Be it therefore enabled by The King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and demons °pro after the paffmg of this Adi any Oranges or Lemons, the Produce duce of^e of the Azores or the Madeiras, may be shipped and laden there for Azores or the Exportation direct to any of the Ports of the BritiJJo Colonies in Madeiras, may North America, and may be imported into the said Ports in any be imported ^ Britijh-built Ship or Veffel owned, registered and navigated according to Law; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XC.

An Adi for the Prevention of Persons going armed by Night for the Deftrudlion of Game ; and for repealing an Adi, made in the lafl Seflion of Parliament, relating to Rogues and Vagabonds	[ioth	July	18T7.]

4 tl J HE REAS idle and disorderly Persons frequently go armed 4 VV in the Night time for the Purpofe of protecting themselves,

4 and aiding and abetting and assisting each other in the illegal 4 Deftrudlion of Game or Rabbits ; And Whereas such Pradtices 4 are found by Experience to lead to the Commifiion of Felonies and 4 Murders For the more effectual Suppreflion thereof, be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Person or Persons, having entered Persons found at into any Foreft, Chase, Park, Wood, Plantation, Clofe or other certain times open or inclosed Ground, with the Intent illegally to destroy, take ^hl”canJ]th°" or kill Game or Rabbits, or with the Intent to aid, abet and afiift intent to destroy, any Person or Persons illegally to destroy, take or kill Game or take or kill * Rabbits, shall be found at Night, that is to fay, between the Hours Game, and arm-of Six in the Evening and Seven in the Morning from the First Day ed, deemed guilty of October to the First Day of February, between Seven in the of^lldemea-Evening and Five in the Morning from the First Day of February 1 to the First Day of April, and between Nine in the Evening and Four in the Morning for the Remainder of the Year, armed with any Gun, Cross Bow, Fire Arms, Bludgeon or any other offenfive

U 2	Weapon,

tnence into rue British Colonies of America.

292

C.90.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Trznfportation for Seven Years, or other Punifh-ment.

Offenders returning to be transported for Life.

Rangers, Keepers, &c. may apprehend Offenders, and deliver them to a Peace Officer.

Juflice on Information, See. may in default of Bail commit till Quarter Sefhons or Gaol ‘Delivery.

Scotland.

Persons found in Foreft, &c. at Night with Engine, ^cc. for de-flroying Game, may be taken before a Juftice.

Weapon, every such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully con-vi&ed, shall be adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanour, and shall be sentenced to Tranfportation for Seven Years, or shall receive such other Punifhment as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Mifdemeanour, and as the Court before which such Offenders may be tried and convicted shall adjudge ; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain before the Expiration of the term for which he or they shall be so transported, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, he or they so returning, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be sentenced to Tranfportation for the term or terms of his or their natural Life or Lives.

II. And for the more easy and speedy bringing the Offenders against this Ad to Juftice ; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Ranger and Rangers, and to and for the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of any such Foreft, Chase, Park, Wood, Plantation, Clofe or other open or inclcfed Ground, and also for his, her or their Keeper and Keepers, Servant and Servants, and also for any other Person or Persons, to seize and apprehend or to assist in seizing and apprehending such Offender or Offenders by virtue of this Ad, and by the Authority of the fame to convey and deliver such Offender or Offenders into the Cuflody of a Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and directed to convey such Offender or Offenders before some one of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be alleged to have been committed ; or in case such Offender or Offenders shall not be so apprehended, then it shall and may be lawful for any such Juftice, on Information before him on the Oath of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes, to issue his Warrant for the Appre-henfton of such Offender or Offenders; and if upon the Apprehenlion of any such Offender or Offenders it shall appear to such Juftice, on the Oath of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes, that the Person or Persons so charged hath or have been guilty of the Crime of being found armed at Night as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Juftice to admit such Person or Persons so charged to Bail, and in default of Bail to commit such Person or Persons to the County Gaol until the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, or the next General Commiffion of Gaol Delivery, to be holder! for the fame County or Place, there to be tried and dealt with as by this A<ft is directed ; and if in Scotland, until such Person or Persons so charged shall be dealt with as any Person or Persons charged with a tranfportable Offence may be dealt with according to the Law and Pradice of Scotland.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall after the palling of this Ad unlawfully enter into or be found in any Foreft, Chase, Park, Wood, Plantation, Clofe or other open or inclosed Ground at Night, according to the Provilions of this Ad, with respect to what shall be deemed Night for the Purpofes hereof, having any Net, Engine or other Inftrument, for the Purpofe and with the Intent to destroy, take or kill, or shall wilfully destroy, take or kill Game, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Ranger and Rangers, and to and for the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of any such Foreft, Chase, Park, Wood, Plantation, Clofe or other open or inclosed Ground, and also for his, her or their Keeper

and

Hosted

A,D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 90, 91.

293

and Keepers, Servant and Servants, and also for any other Person or Persons, to seize and apprehend or to assist in seizing and apprehending such Offender or Offenders by virtue of this Aft, and by the Authority of the fame to convey and deliver such Offender or Offenders into the Cuflody of a Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and directed to convey such Offender or Offenders before forrie one of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be alleged to have been committed, to be dealt with according to Law.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That an A6! made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Aft to repeal an Aft made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Tears of His present Majejly’s Reign, intituled 4 An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft made in the 4 Seventeenth Tear of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled 44 An Aft to amend and make more ejfeftual the Lavas relating to 4 Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to 4 Houfes of Correction f and to make other Provifions in lieu thereof \ shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V.	And be it further ena<sted, That the said A£t made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to extend the Provifons of an Aft made in the Seventeenth Tear of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled 4 An Aft to 4 amend and make more ejfeftual the Lavas relating to Rogues, Vaga-4 londs^ and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houfes of Cor-4 reftionj shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. XCI.

An A£t to enable Justices of the Peace to fettle the Fees to be ' taken by the Clerks of the Peace of the refpetftive Counties

and other Divifions of England and Wales.

[lOth July 1817.]

‘ 117HEREAS Doubts have arisen touching the Fees and i VV Allowances due and to be made to the Clerks of the

*	Peace of the several Counties and other Divifions in England a*nd

*	Wales f For the removing of such Doubts, be it enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the First Day of July next it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, at their Annual General Seffions of the Peace, and for the Justices of the Peace in every other County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Precintft, within England and Wales, at their refpetftive General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, to ascertain, make and fettle a Table of Fees and Allowances to be taken by the Clerk of the Peace for such County of Kent and such County Palatine, and such other Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns, Liberties and Precincts refpecftively ; and such Table of Fees and Allowances, when so made, shall be subject to the Approbation of the Justices of the Peace at the then next succeeding General Annual Session of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for the County of Kent> and at the then next succeeding General Quarter Session of the Peace for every other

U 3	fuch

56 G. 3. c. 130. repealed.

39&40 G.3. c. 50. repealed

Justices of Peace for Kent and Lancashire, at their Annual General, and for every other County, See. at their General Quarter Seffions, to iettle a Table of Fees to be taken by the Clerks of the Peace for the laid Counties. Such Table to be laid before Judges of \flue

C. 91.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817,

Fees in such Tables, when approved by Judges, to be the only Fees.

Clerks of the Peace taking greater Fees than allowed,

Penalty 5I.

Printed or written Copies of such Table of Fees to be hung up in some con-ipicuous Place where the General or Quarter Sefiions shall be held.

Clerks of the Peace negledl-ing,

such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Precinft as aforesaid, or at some Adjournment of such Sefiions respectively ; and such Table of Fees respectively, when so approved respectively, shall be laid before the Judges of Affize at the next Affizes for such Counties and Places refpelively, except the several Places being Counties in which Affizes are not constantly or regularly holden in every Year, and in those cases before the Justices at the next Affizes for the adjoining County where Affiizes are constantly and regularly holden, and to which Prisoners are generally removed for Trial from such Places refpe£tively, and also except the Counties in Wales and the County Palatine of Chester, and before the Justices at the next Great Sefiions for the several Counties in Wales, and for the County Palatine of Chester ; and the said Judges and Justices respectively are hereby authorized to ratify and confirm such Tables respectively, either as fettled and approved as aforesaid, or with such Aiterations, Additions, and Improvements as to such Judges and Justices last mentioned shall appear to be just and reasonable ; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, at their respective Quarter or General Seffiions of the Peace, from time to time in like manner to make other Table of Fees and Allowances, instead of or in addition to the Tables of Fees and Allowances before made* which shall and may be approved and afterwards ratified and confirmed in like manner; which Fees and Allowances contained in such Tables respectively, when so made and approved, and afterwards ratified and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be the only Fees and Allowances which shall be taken by the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties and Places for which such Tables refpedfively shall be so made, approved, ratified and confirmed, from and after such Ratification and Confirmation thereof respectively ; any thing in any A 61 or A 61s of Parliament, or any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enacted, That if at any time after any such Table of Fees and Allowances shall have been so ratified and confirmed as aforesaid, any Clerk of the Peace, or any Person or Persons acting as such, shall, under Pretence of any matter or thing done, tranfaCted or performed, demand or receive any other or greater Fee or Allowance, than the Fee or Allowance, Fees or Allowances, afeer-tained, ratified and confirmed as aforesaid, such Clerk of the Peace or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the fame by Adlion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Effoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

III.	And be it further enabled, That every Table of Fees'and Allowances which shall be made, approved, ratified and confirmed from time to time as aforesaid, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County or Place for which such Table of Fees shall have been so made, approved, ratified and confirmed as aforesaid ; and a true and exadh written or printed Copy or Copies thereof shall be placed and constantly kept in a conspicuous Part of every Room or Place wherein any General or Quarter Seffiions of the Peace for such County or Place shall be held ; and if any Clerk of the Peace, or Person acting as such, shall at any time riegledl to

caufe

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 91, 92.

295

caufe every such Copy to be so placed and constantly kept according to the Provifions of this Aft, he shall forfeit and pay to any Person who shall sue for the fame, for every such Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler> wherein no Effoign, Privilege, Proteftion, Wager of Daw, nor more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Suits and Aftions which shall be brought or commenced by virtue of this Aft, shall be brought before the End of Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, and not otherwise.

CAP. XCII.

An Aft: to regulate the Adminiftration of Oaths in certain cases to Officers in His Majefly’s Land and Sea Forces.

[10th July 1817.]

*	T IT THE REAS by certain Afts palled in the Reigns of His

*	VV Majefty’s Royal Predeceffors, it was provided, that Officers

*	in His Majefty’s Royal Navy and Officers in His Majefly’s Army

*	fhall take certain Oaths, and make and subscribe certain Decla-

*	rations, before they shall enter upon the Offices or Places of ‘ Trull to which they may be appointed : And Whereas Doubts i have been entertained whether the Provilions of the laid Afts are 6 still in force in that behalf: And whereas the Praftice of taking ‘ the said Oaths, and making and subscribing the said Declarations,

<	by Officers previous to their receiving Commiffions in His Majefly’s

<	Army, hath been long disused : And Whereas it is expedient to ‘ remove such Doubts, and to assimilate the Praftice of the Two 6 Services Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, the Commander in Chief of His Majefly’s Land Foroes, the Mailer General of the* Ordnance, and the Secretary at War for the time being, respectively, or any other Persons thereunto lawfully authorized, to deliver Commiffions or Warrants to any Officer or Officers in His Majefly’s Royal Navy, Land Forces or Royal Marines, without previously requiring such Officer or Officers to take the said Oaths, or make and subscribe the said Declarations ; any thing in any Aft or Afts contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithilanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Oaths required by any Aft or Afts now in force to be taken, or to any Declarations thereby required to be made and subscribed, by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, after he or they shall have accepted and received such Commiffions or Warrants as aforesaid.

U 4	CAP*

Penalty jl.

Limitation of A&ions.

The Secretaries of State,&c. may deliver Commiffions or War-rants to Officers of the Navy, Land Foroes,

Sic. without previously requiring them to take certain Oaths, &c.

Provifo refpedl-ing Oaths, &c. to be taken by Officers after receiving Commiffions.

Hosted

296

C. 93.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 181.7.

No Person making Diftrefs for Rent, where the Sum due shall not exceed aol to take other Charges than mentioned in the Schedule annexed;

nor to charge for any A6t not done.

Party aggrieved by any iuch Pra£lice may apply to a Juftice of the Peace.

Juftice may adjudge Treble the Amount of the Monies unlawfully taken to be paid with Cofts, which may be levied by Diftrefs.

CAP. XCIII.

An A6I to regulate the Cofts of DiftrefTes levied for Payment of Small Rents.	[loth July 1817.]

c WHEREAS divers Persons acting as Brokers, and distraining < VV on the Goods and Chattels of others, or employed in the ‘ Courfe of iuch DiftrefTes, have of late made excefGve Charges, ‘ to the great Opprefiion of Poor Tenants and others; and it is c expedient to check such Practices Be it therefore enacted, by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeut Parliament aisembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the passing of this A£f no Person whatsoever making any Diftrefs for Rent, where the Sum demanded and due shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds for and in respect of such Rent, nor any Person whatsoever employed in any manner in making such Distress, or doing any A A whatsoever in the Courfe of such Distress, or for carrying the fame into Efsect, shall have, take or receive out of the Produce of the Goods or Chattels distrained upon and fold, or from the Tenant distrained on, or from the Landlord, or from any other Person whatsoever, any other or more Cofts and Charges for and in respect of such Distress, or any Matter or thing done therein, than such as are fixed and fet forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed and appropriated to each A61 which shall have been done in the Courfe of such Diftrefs ; and no Person or Persons whatsoever shall make any Charge whatsoever for any A61, Matter or thing mentioned in the said Schedule, unless such A6t shall have been really done.

II. And be it further ena6ted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall in any manner levy, take or receive from any Person or Persons whatsoever, or retain or take from the Produce of any Goods fold for the Payment of such Rent, any other or greater Cofts and Charges than are mentioned and fet down in the said Schedule, or make any Charge whatsoever for any A6t, Matter or thing mentioned in the said Schedule and not really done, it shall be lawful for the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Pra6tices to apply to any One Juftice of the Peace for the County, City, Town, and acting for the Divifion where such Diftrefs shall have been made, or in any manner proceeded in, for the Redrefs of his, her or their Grievance so occasioned ; whereupon such Juftice shall summon the Person or Persons complained of to appear before him at a reasonable time to be fixed in such Summons; and such Juftice shall examine into the Matter of such Complaint by all legal Ways and Means, and also hear in like manner the Defence of the Person or Persons complained of; and if it shall appear to such Juftice that the Person or Persons complained of shall have levied, taken, received, or had other and greater Cofts and Charges than are mentioned or fixed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or made any Charge for any matter or thing mentioned in the said Schedule, such A61, matter or thing not having been really done, such* Juftice shall order arid adjudge Treble the Amount of the Monies so unlawfully taken, to be paid by the Person or Persons so having a6ted to the Party or Parties who shall thus have preferred his, her or their Complaint thereof, together with full Cofts ; and in case of Non Payment of any Monies or Cofts fo

ordered

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 93.

297

ordered and adjudged to be paid, such Jullice shall forthwith ilfue his Warrant to levy the fame by Diltrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties ordered to pay such Monies or Coils, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners, after the Payment of the Charges of such Dillrefs and Sale ; and in case no sufficient Dillrefs can be had, such Jullice shall by Warrant under his Hand commit the Party or Parties to the Common Gaol or Prifon within the Limits of the Jurifdidlion of such Jullice, there to remain until such Order or Judgment be satisfied.

III.	And be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for such Jullice, at the Requell of the Party complaining or complained againll, to summon all Persons as WitnelTes, and to adminiller an Oath to them, touching the matter of such Complaint or Defence againll it ; and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall not obey such Summons, without any reasonable or lawful Ex-cuse, or refuse to be examined upon Oath, or if a Quaker upon solemn Affirmation, then every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be ordered, levied and paid in such manner and by such Means, and with such Power of Commitment, as is hereinbefore directed as to such Order and Judgment to be given between the Party or Parties in the original Complaint, excepting so far as regards the Form of the Order, and hereinafter provided for.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Jullice, if he shall find that the Complaint of the Party or Parties aggrieved is not well founded, to order and adjudge Colls not exceeding Twenty Shillings to be paid to the Party or Parties complained againll, which Order shall be carried into Efsect, and levied and paid in such manner, and with like Power of Commitment, as is hereinbefore directed as to the Order and Judgment founded on such original Complaint: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall empower such Jullice to make any Order or Judgment againll the Landlord for whose benefit any such Dillrefs shall have been made, unless such Landlord shall have personally levied iuch Dillrefs : Provided always, that no Person or Persons who shall be aggrieved by any Dillrefs for Rent, or by any Proceedings had in the Courfe thereof, or by any Colls and Charges levied upon them in respect of the fame, shall be barred from any legal or other Suit or Remedy which he, ffie or they might have had before the palling ot this Act, excepting so far as any Complaint to be preferred by virtue of this A61 shall have been determined by the Order and Judgment of the Jullice before whom it shall have been heard and determined ; and which Order and Judgment shall and may be given in Evidence, under the Plea of the General Ilsue, in all cases where the matter of such Complaint shall be made the Subject of any Action.

V.	And be it further enabled, That such Orders and Judgments on such Complaints shall be made in the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and may be proved before any Court by Proof of the Signature of the Jullice to such Order and Judgment ; and such Orders as regard Persons who may have been summoned as WitnelTes shall be made in such Form as to such Jullice shall seem moll fit and convenient.

VI. And

If no Distress, Imprifon merit.

Juflices may summon Wit-nefTes. Refuling to attend or be examined. Penalty.

If Complaint unfounded, Juf* tice may give Colls to the Party complained againll.

No Judgment to be given againll any Landlord, unless he personally levies the Dillrefs. Parties not barred of other legal Remedies.

Order of Jullice may be given in Evidence.

Signature of Jullice Proof of Judgment.

Hosted

29S

C. 93.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Brokers to give Copies of their Charges to Per ions distrained.

Printed Copy of A£l to be hung up in Seflions House.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That every Broker or other Per-fon who shall make and levy any Diftrefs whatsoever shall give a Copy of his Charges, and of all the Cofts and Charges of any Diftrefs whatsoever, iigned by him, to the Person or Persons on whose Goods and Chattels any Diftrefs shall be levied, although the Amount of the Rent demanded shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That a fair printed Copy of this Aft shall be hung up in some convenient Place in such Halls or Rooms where the Justices of each and every County in England and Wales shall hold either their Quarter or other Seflions.

SCHEDULE referred to in this Aft.

FORM of the Order and Judgment of the Juftice before whom Complaint is preferred, where the Order and Judgment is for the Complainant.

In the matter of the Complaint of A. B. against C. D. for a Breach of the Proviflons of an Aft of the Fifty seventh Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Ad \_here insert the Title of this Ad~\ I, E. F, a Juftice of the Peace for the County of	and acting within the Divifion of

do order and adjudge that the said C. D. shall pay to A. B. the Sum of	as a Compenfation and Satis*-

faftion for unlawful Charges and Cofts levied and taken from the said A. B. under a Diftrefs for Rent ; and the further Sum of

for Cofts on this Complaint.

(Signed)	E.	F.

FORM of the Order and Judgment of the Juftice, where he dismisses the Complaint as unfounded, and with or without Cofts, as the case may be.

In the matter of the Complaint of A. B. against C. D, for the Breach of the Proviflons of an Aft of the Fifty seventh Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Ad [here insert the Title of this Ad~\ I, E. F. a Juftice of the Peace for the County of	and	afting	within the Divifion of

do order and adjudge that the Complaint of the said A. B. is unfounded [if Cojls are given] and I do further order and adjudge, that the said A. B. shall pay unto the said C. D. the Sum of for Cofts.

(Signed)	E.	F.

SCHEDULE of the Limitation of Cofts and Charges on Diftreffes for Small Rents.

Levying Diftrefs -Man in Pofieflion, per Day

Appraifement, whether by One Broker or more, Six pence in the Pound on the Value of the Goods Stamp, the lawful Amount thereof All Expences of Advertifements, if any such Catalogues, Sale and Commission, and Delivery of Goods, One Shilling in the Pound on the Net Produce of the Sale.

£. s. d.

030

026

o 10 o

CAP.

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 94,

299

CAP. XCIV.

An Aft: to amend an A£t of the last Seflion of Parliament, for the more easy aflefling of County Rates.

[xoth July 1817.]

WHEREAS an A 61 was pajffed in the last Seflion of Parliament, to explain and amend an A<ft pasted in the last Seflion 4 of Parliament, for the more easy aflefling, collecting and levy-4 ing of County Rates: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so 4 much of the said Act as directs, that in all cases in which any Ap-4 peal or Appeals shall be made under the said recited Act to any 4 Rate or Affeffment made in pursuance thereof or of this Act, the 4 fame should be made to the next General or Quarter Sefiions of the 4 Peace after the Caufe of Appeal shall have arisen, and that Fourteen 4 clear Days’ Notice in Writing should be given of the Intention to 4 try such Appeal, previous to such General or Quarter Seflions 5 4 and that, notwithstanding such Appeal or Notice thereof, the Rate 4 or Rates made upon any Parifh, Townfhip or Place (whether Pa-4 rochial or otherwise) under the said recited A£t and this Act,

4 should be paid, and should and might be levied, recovered and re-4 ceived in the fame mannner as if no Appeal had been made or No-4 tice given thereof; and that if upon the Hearing of any such 4 Appeal or Appeals, the Court of General or Quarter Seflions of 4 the Peace should order any Rate or Affeffment to be decreased or 4 lowered, and it should appear to the said Court that any Parifh, 4 Townfhip or Place have or hath, previously to the Hearing such 4 Appeal or Appeals, paid any Sum or Sums of Money in confe-4 quence of such Rates or Affeffments, which ought not to have 4 been paid or charged therein, then and in every such case the said 4 Court should order all and every such Sum and Sums of Money to 4 be repaid and returned to the Person or Persons, Parifh, Town-4 ship or Place, having paid the fame respectively Be it therefore enacfted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the hereinbefore recited Provifion shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enabled. That from and after the palling of this Athe Rate or Rates made upon any Parifh, Townfhip or Place (whether Extra Parochial or otherwise) under any A£t or A6ts pasted for the aflefsing, collecting and levying of County Rates, shall be paid, and shall and may be levied, recovered and received, notwithstanding any Appeal or Appeals may have been made to the General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace against any such Rate or Rates ; and such Rate or Rates shall continue to be raised, levied and received, until the Decifton of the Justices shall be made upon such Appeal or Appeals : Provided always, that if upon the Hearing of any such Appeal or Appeals the Court of General or Quarter Sef-ftons of the Peace shall order any Rate or Affeftment to be fet alide, decreased, or lowered, and it shall appear to the said Court that any Parifh, Townfhip or Place have or hath, previously to the Determination of such Appeal or Appeals, paid any Sum or Sums of Money in consequence of such Rates or Affeffments, which ought

not

S6G.3'C- 'I?-§ 5-

repealed.

Rate to be raised notwithstanding Appeals, until Determination of Justices.

In case Justices order Rate to be fet aside,decreafed or lowered ;

Hosted

C. 94.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Money paid fub-i'equent to the time of Appeal to he returned out of the General County Rate.

Notice of Appeal.

Expences of Appeals paid in such Proportions, &c. as Justices shall award.

Where there are no High Constables, other Conftables may levy the Rates.

not to have been paid or charged therein, then and in every such case the said Court shall order such Proportion of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been so paid by any Person or Persons, Parifh, Townfhip or Place, subsequently to the Notice which shall have been given of such Appeal or Appeals, to be repaid and returned to the Person or Persons, Parifh, Townfhip or Place, which have or hath paid the fame refpe£tively, out of the General Rate of the County in which the Caufe of Appeal shall have arisen : Provided always, that Fourteen clear Days’ Notice in Writing shall be given by the Parties intending to appeal against any Rate or AfTeffment, to the Parties against whose Rate the Appeal is to be made, the Clerk of the Peace of the County, and the Hundred Constable, of the Intention to try such Appeal at the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace ; any thing in any A61 or A6ls to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enabled, That so much of the said recited A61 as directs that the Expences of all Appeals, A&ions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, in respect of any thing done in pursuance of the said recited A61, shall be paid by such refpe6live Parifhes, Town-ships, Places and Persons as the said Justices in General or Quarter Sefiion shall dire6l, or such Court wherein such Proceeding shall be instituted shall order, and lliall not be charged to or be paid out of the County Rate, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed. [No such Enactment appears in 56 G. 3. c, 49. but it appears in 55 G. 3. r. 51.

$15. By 56G.3. c. 49. $7. the Powers, Clauses, &c* of 55 G. 3. c.51. are applied to 56 G. 3. r. 49.]

IV.	And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, Adlions, Suits or Proceedings at Law respecting any thing done in pursuance of this A61, or any other A61 or A6ls relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, A6lions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law shall be borne and paid by such refpedbive Parifhes, Townships, Places and Persons, or such of them, and in such Proportions, as the said Justices shall upon any Appeal in their General or Quarter Seffions award and order, or as such Courts wherein such A6lions, Suits or Proceedings shall be instituted shall adjudge and order.

* V. And Whereas there are several Parifhes, Townfhips and 4 Places in and over which the High Conftables have no Jurifdi6lion Be it therefore further ena6ted. That in all such cases it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any County in which such Parifhes, Townfhips or Places shall be situate, to issue their Warrants for col-le6ling the County Rate to One or more of the Conftables of such Parifhes, Townfhips or Places, and such Conflable or Conftables shall collect, levy and pay such County Rate in such and the like manner as the High Conftables are by the said A61 empowered and required to do, and shall be fubje6l to the like Penalties in case he or they shall negle6l to demand, levy or account for such County Rates, as the said High Conftables are subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force.

CAP.

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.9 5.

301

CAP. XCV.

An A£t to exempt the Territories within the Limits of the East India Company’s Charter from certain of the Navigation Laws.	[loth July 1817.]

4	EtEREAS by an A6i passed in the Twelfth Year of the	izC.s.c.i8.

4 VV Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, for

*	the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation ; and

4 by another Acft passed in the Fifteenth Year of the fame Reign, 15 C. 2. c. 7.

4 for the Encouragement of Trade ; and by another A61 palled 4	in the Twenty second and Twenty	third Years of the fame	Reign,	22&23C. 2.

4	among other things, for regulating	the Plantation Trade;	and by	c. 26.

4	another A61 palled in the Twenty	fifth Year of the fame	Reign,	25C.2.	c.7.

4	amongft other things, for the better	fecuring the Plantation	Trade ;

*	and by another A6t passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the 7 & 8 W.3.

4 Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, for the Increafe c' 21 *

4 and Encouragement of Seamen ; and by another A6t passed in the 4 Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen 5 A. c.5.

4 Anne, for granting to Her Majesty a further Subfidy on Wines and 4 Merchandizes imported; and by another A6f passed in the Eighth 8 G. 1. c.18.

4 Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First,

4 amongst other things, to subject Copper Ore of the Production of 4 the British Plantations to such Regulations as other enumerated 4 Commodities of the like Production are subject; divers Prohibitions,

4 Regulations and Provifions have been enabled, respecting the Im-4 portation of Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Production 4 or Manufacture of jEurope, into any Lands, Istands, Plantations,

4 Coionics, Territories or Places to His Majesty belonging or in his 4 Poffefiion, in Afia^ Africa or America, and also respecting the 4 Tranfportation of certain Articles of the Growth, Production or 4 Manufacture of Britijlo Plantations in Afia, Africa or America:

*	And Whereas the said Prohibitions, Regulations and Provifions 4 have been commonly supposed not to apply, and have not in Practice

*	been applied, and it is not expedient that the fame should be applied,

4 to the Trade of His Majefty’s Subjets to and from the East Indies :

1 And Whereas it is reasonable and just that Relief should be given 4 to Persons who may have inadvertently incurred Penalties and 4 Forfeitures, by ofFending against such Prohibitions, Regulations and 4 Provifions Be it enated by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the authority of the fame, That nothing contained in the said A6ts, Nothing in the € or in any other A6t or Acts passed for the like Purpofes or any of	A<^s	to

them, shall extend or be construed to extend to or in any way affect ^ ort^vktti^ the Importation or Exportation by the United Company of Merchants the^EafMndia trading to the East Indies, or by any other of His Majefty’s Subjects Company’s in British registered Veflels navigated according to Law, or in VefTels Charter, registered or trading under the Provifions of an A6t passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 55 C. 3, c. 116. Aft to make further Regulations for the Regijlry of Ships built in India, of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize at, into or from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, or to affect the Importation or Exportation at, into or from any Place what-

foever

' isted

C.95.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I817.

Persons not to be i'ued for Penalties or Seizures after 25th Dec. next.

Ships, &c. seized l>efore 25th Dec. next, restored, S:c.

Provifo for Appeal.

Provifo for 53G.3.C. 155.

54 G. 3. c.34.

55 G. 3. c.116. 57 G. 3. c.36.

and for other Laws herein mentioned.

foever in such Veffels as aforesaid of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits aforesaid, or to require that any Bond for the Exportation or Importation of Goods in any particular manner, shall be given in respect of any such Veffels bound to or from any Place situate within the Limits aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of December next, no Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, shall be liable to be sued for any Penalty, nor any Ship, Veffel, Goods, Wares or Merchandize liable to be seized by reason of any Trading contrary to any such Prohibition, Regulation or Pro-vifion as aforesaid, or by reason of any such Bond as aforesaid not having been given in respect of any Ship or Veffel bound to or from any Place within the Limits aforesaid ; and further, that all Ships, Veffels, Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, which before the said Twenty fifth Day of December next shall have been seized, and all Penalties which before the said last mentioned Day shall have been sued for by reason of any such Offence as aforesaid, shall be forthwith restored or remitted to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, by whom the fame may have been forfeited, upon Payment to the Person or Persons who shall have seized or sued for the fame, of his or their reasonable Cofts of Seizure or Suit; any Law, Statute or other thing to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be con-ftrued to extend to prevent any Person or any Body Politic or Corporate from disputing the Legality of any Judgment or other Proceeding by Appeal or otherwise, in the same manner as if this Adi had not been passed, or to prevent any Person or Body Politic or Corporate from taking the Benefit of any other Mode of Relief from any such Forfeiture or Penalty as aforesaid, to which he or they by any Adi or Adis now in force or otherwise may be entitled.

Ill* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or affect the Provisions of an Adi passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the Pojfefjion of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges ; for ejlabli/loing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories and the better A dminift ration of Jujlice within the fame ; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter; and another Adi passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the fame Reign, intituled An Aft for the further Regulation of the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company ; and another Adi passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the fame Reign1, intituled An Ad, to make further Regulations for the Regiflry of Ships built in India ; and another Adi passed in this present Seftion, intituled An Ad to regulate the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, and certain Pojfejftons of His Majesty in the Mediterranean; or to alter or affect the Laws now in being relative to the Trade of Foreign Nations in Amity with His Majesty with the said Britifo Territories under the Government of the said Company in the East Indies.

IV. Pro-

Hosted

C.95, 96*

303

57° GEO. III.

IV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That His Majefty’s Settlement at the Cape of Good Hope shall, for the Purpofes of this Ad, be deemed, construed, and taken to be within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to import into any Ifland or Territory within the Limits of the said Company’s Charter, not being under the Government of the said Company, in Velfels which may belong to any State being in Amity with His Majesty (not being an European State), and lying within the said Limits, any Articles of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any such State, and to export in any such Veffel any Goods which by virtue of this or any other Ad may have been legally imported into His Majefty’s said Iflands or Territories.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A£t contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affeCt an ACt palled in the present Seflion of Parliament, intituled An Alt to continue and extend the Provifions of an AB of the Forty ninth Tear of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and also for regulating the Trade of the Ifland of Mauritius.

CAP. XCVI.

An ACt for suspending until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and twenty the Duties on Coals and Culm removed Coaftwife within the Principality of JValesy and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[loth July 1817.]

*	TytTHE REAS by an ACt passed in the Forty ninth Year of the

*	V? Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for repealing < the several Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for c granting other Duties in lieu thereof', Duties of Cuftoms are to be 6 raised, levied, collected and paid upon Goods, Wares or Merchan-c dize brought or carried Coaftwife from one Port or Place in Great 6 Britain to any other Port or Place within the fame :’ And Whereas c it is expedient to fuspend, for a time to be limited, the Duties now 1 payable on Coal and Culm brought or carried Coaftwife within the

*	Principality of Wales f Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, the said Duties of Cuftoms on Coals and Culm brought or carried Coaftwife, to any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales shall be suspended during the Period hereinafter mentioned, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may on the said palling of this Ad remain unpaid, or to any Fine9, Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said palling of this

Ad.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Ad, in lieu and instead of the Duties of Cuftoms hereby suspended, there shall be raised, collected and paid unto His Majesty,

His

Cape of Good Hope within Limits of Charter.

Goods may bfe imported into or exported from any Place within Limits of Charter, not under Government of Company, &c.

Provifo for c. 1 ante.

49 G-3- c.98.

Duties of Cuf-tom on Coals and Culm brought Coaftwife to Wales fiilpend-ed,

and instead thereof the Duties in Table A.

Hosted

304

C. 96.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Drawback on Coals used at Tin Plate Manufactory at Pennygored allowed as by 35 0-3- c. 39-

Duties on Coals used in smelting Copper, &c. in Anglefey repaid as by

26 G. 3. c. 104.

Application of Duties.

Duties how to , be levied.

Former ACts relating to Cuftoms extended to this ACt.

His Heirs and Succeffors, in ready Money (except as hereinafter is provided), without any Difcount whatever, upon Coals and Culm brought or carried Coaftwife to any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales, the several Duties of Cuftoms, as the fame are re-fpeCtively inserted, described and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A.

III.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this ACt, for all Coals used for any Purpofe relating to the carrying on the Works for the manufacturing of Tin Plates at Pennygored in the County of Pembroke, called The Pennygored. Works, for which the Duties granted by this Act shall have been duly paid, a Drawback shall be allowed of all such Duties, not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds in any One Year : Provided always, that the Drawback by this ACt allowed shall be paid upon the Proofs and under the Conditions required by an ACt passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in carrying on the Pennygored Works in the County of Pembroke.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this A£t, the Duties of Cuftoms by this ACt imposed on all Coals which shall be used in calcining or Imelting Copper or Lead Ore within the Ille of Anglefey, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said Ille, shall be repaid ; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided always, that the Drawback by this ACt allowed shall be paid upon the Proofs required by an ACt passed in the Twenty lixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper or Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining

Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the Isle of Anglefey.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duties of Cuftoms by this ACt granted and imposed shall be appropriated and applied in such and the like manner and to the fame Ufes and Purpofes as the former Duties on Coals, Culm and Cinders, granted by the said fir ft recited ACt passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were appropriated and applied.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Cuftoms by this ACt imposed may and shall refpeCtively be managed, afcer-tained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered in such and the like manner, and by the fame Means, Ways or Methods, as the former Duties of Cuftoms by this ACt repealed were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered ; and such Coals, Culm and Cinders shall be and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, ReftriCtions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures to which such Coals, Culm and Cinders were subject and liable by any ACt or ACts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said palling of this ACt, refpeCting the Revenue of Cuftoms ; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, of whatever Nature or Kind the fame may be, as well Pains of Death or others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any ACt or ACts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said palling of this ACt made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers,

Provifions

Hosted

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C.96, 97.

305

Provilions and Directions contained in any such A61 or ACts, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be re-fpeCtively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the feverai Duties of Cuftoms hereby charged, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatever as if the said ACts, Clauses, Powers, Provilions, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in the Body of this present ACt, and made Part thereof.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That this ACt shall continue in Continuance of force until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and Aft. twenty.

SCHEDULE A.

Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought	£ s. d.

Coallwife to any Port or Place within the Princi-	

pality of Wales, in case they are such as are moll	

usually fold by Weight, the Ton of 20 Cwt.	009

Coals, in case they are such as are moll usually fold	

by Measure, the Chalder, Wincheller Meafure -	010

Culm, in case moll usually fold by Weight, the Ton	

of 20 Cwt. -	0 0 i£

Culm, in case moll usually fold by Measure, the	

Chalder, Wincheller Meafure	002

CAP. XCVII.

An ACt for ratifying Articles of Agreement entered into by the Right Honourable Henry Hall Viscount Gage, and the CommilTioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues; and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown.

[10th July 1817.]

e \X7 HERE AS Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Fif- Agreement,

*	V\ teenth Day of May in this present Year of our Lord ^ecl

*	One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, have been made and chafe of the

*	entered into between the Right Honourable Henry Hall Viscount High Meadow

*	Gage, of the First Part; the Right Honourable William Hujkijfon, Estate, recited.

6	William Dacres Adams, and Henry Dawkins, Esquires, Com-

*	miflioners of His Majelly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues,

‘ for and on the behalf of His Majessy, of the Second Part ; and f The King’s Mofl Excellent Majelty, of the Third Part ; in Sub-6 fiance and to the EfFeCl following ; (that is to lay,) The said i Henry Hall Viscount Gage, for himself, his Heirs, Executors ‘ and Adminiftrators, did thereby covenant, promise and agree to c and with The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-c ceffors, to fell and dispose of, and the said CommilTioners, Parties ‘ to the said Articles of Agreement (by and with the Confent and

*	Approbation of the Commifiioners of His Majelly’s Treasury)

*	for and on the behalf of The King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-( ceffors, did thereby agree to purchase and buy of and from the 6 said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs and Afligns, all thofe

*	feverai Manors of Staunton and Bicknor, otherwise EngUJh Bick~

1 nor, situate in the Counties of Gloucester and Monmouth, or One

57 Geo. III.	X	<	of

Hosted

306

c.97-

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

‘ of them, together with all Courts Leet, Courts Baron, Cuftomary 4 and other Courts, Profits and Perquifites of Courts, Fines, Chief 4 or Quit Rents, Heriots, Fifheries, and all other Rights, Royal-4 tics, Privileges and Appurtenances to the said Manors or either 4 of them incident, appertaining or in anywise belonging ; and all 4 Right of Soil and other Rights of him the said Henry Hall 4 Viscount Gage, his Heirs or'Afiigns, of and in all Wafle Lands 4 and Commons lituate within or being Part and Parcel of the said 4 Manors or either of them ; and all Rights of Common and other 4 Rights of him the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage in or upon the 4 Fore ft of Dean or any Part thereof; and all that newly eredfed 4 Meffuage or Dwelling House situate at Braceland\ with the Out 4 Buildings thereto belonging or in anywise appertaining ; and all 4 the Right of him the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage in or to the 4 Pews in the Parilh Church of Newland, to the late Manfion House 4 of High Meadow belonging, or usually held, used or occupied 4 by the Owners or Proprietors of such Manfion House ; and all 4 those several Meffuages, Dwelling Houses, Cottages, Farms,

4 Arable, Meadow, Pafture and Wood Lands of him the said Henry 4 Hall Viscount Gage, situate, lying and being in the several Parifhes,

4 Diftridls or Places of Bicknor, Staunton, Dixton and Newland,

4 and each and every of them, in the said Counties of Gloucester and 4 Monmouth, then or late in the several Tenures or Occupations of 4 him the said Henry Hall Viscount Gagey and of certain Persons 4 in the said Articles of Agreement named, as Tenants to him the 4 said Henry Hall Viscount Gage; all which said Lands and Pre-4 mises contained together by Eftimation Four thousand two hun-4 dred and fifty seven Acres and Fifteen Perches, or thereabouts 4 (be the fame more or lefs) ; and all Timber and other Trees now 4 growing, arising or being in or upon any of the said Woods,

4 Plantations, Farms, Lands and Premifes ; and all those Forges,

4 Furnaces, Iron and Tin Works of him the said Henry Hall Vif-4 count Gage, situate at Redbrooke and Lidbrook in the Counties of 4 Gloucester and Monmouth or One of them ; and all those Corn Mills 4 situate at Redbrooke and Lidbrook aforesaid ; and all those Lime 4 Kilns situate at Cherry Orchardy Coldwell, or elsewhere in or upon 4 any of the Lands or Premifes thereinbefore described ; and all 4 that Market House situate at Colsford in the said County of Glou-4 cejlery and all Tolls, Cuftoms, Profits, Commodities, Advantages 4 and Appurtenances arising from the Market of Colefordy or to 4 the said Market belonging ; and all Waters, Fifhings, Ways, 4 Roads, Paths, Eafements, Rights, Members, Privileges and Ap-4 purtenances whatsoever, to the said Manors, Meffuages, Dwelling 4 Houses, and other Houses, Farms, Lands and Premises, or any 4 of them belonging or in anywise appertaining, (except the Ad-4 vowfons of the Redlory of Staunton and of the Vicarage of Dix-4 ton,) at or for the Price or Sum of One hundred and fifty five 4 thousand eight hundred and sixty three Pounds Three Shillings 4 and Two pence, to be paid at the times, in the Proportions, and 4 by the Inftalments thereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fay,) the 4 Sum of Thirty one thousand one hundred and seventy two Pounds 4 Twelve Shillings and Seven pence, Part thereof, on the Second 4 Day of Augujl then and now next; the Sum of Thirty one thou-4 sand one hundred and seventy two Pounds Twelve Shillings and

ll

4 Seven

Hosted by

A.D.1S17*

57° GEO. III.

C.97.

307

*	Seven pence (other Part thereof) on the Second Day of Augujl

<	One thousand eight hundred and eighteen ; the Sum of Thirty one

*	thoufand one hundred and seventy two Pounds Twelve Shillings and ‘ Seven pence (other Part thereof) on the Second Day of Augujl One c thousand eight hundred and nineteen ; the Sum of Thirty one thou-

*	fand one hundred and seventy two Pounds Twelve Shillings and ‘ Seven pence (other Part thereof) on the Second Day of Augujl ‘ One thousand eight hundred and twenty ; and the Sum of Thirty

one thousand one hundred and seventy two Pounds Twelve Shil-c lings and Ten pence, Refidue thereof on the Second Day of Augujl ( One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, together with Interefl ‘ for the fame several Sums,or so much thereof as should from time to ‘ time remain unpaid, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per ‘ Centum per Annui?iy such Interefl to be computed from the laid

*	Second Day of Augujl then and now next, and to be paid by Half

<	Yearly Payments until the whole of the said Principal Purchafe ‘ Money should be fully paid and discharged ; and the said Henry

*	Hall Viscount Gage did thereby for himself, his Heirs, Executors,

*■ Adminiflrators and Afsigns, further covenant, promise and agree ‘ to and with The King's Majessy, His Heirs and Succeffors, that ‘ he the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs or Afsigns, fhould

<	and would, within Two Calendar Months from the Date of the said ‘ Articles of Agreement, cause or procure to be made out and de-£ livered to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's 6 Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues, a complete and perfect Ab-1 ftra£l of the Title of him the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage or his 4 Heirs, to the said Manors, MefTuages, Dwelling Houses, and other 6 Houses, Farms, Lands and all other the Hereditaments and Pre-

*	mifes by the said Articles of Agreement contracted to be fold, and 1 every Part thereof, and should and would thereby or therein make

*	out and deduce a good and perfeCl Title to the Inheritance thereof *■ in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances (fave such as are herein

*	after mentioned, and except that a small Part of the said Premifes i in Dixton, then late Pritchard’s, was Copyhold of Inheritance,

‘ with refpeCl to which only a Title as Copyhold of Inheritance ‘ was to be made out or required) ; and that he the said Henry

*	Hall Viscount Gage or his Heirs, and all other necessary Parties,

*	fhould and would, on or before the Second Day of Augujl which

*	would and will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

*	eighteen, by such good and sufficient Conveyances and A durances

* as the Law Officers of His Majessy, His Heirs or Succeffors, s should reasonably advise or require, convey and allure the said f Manors, MefTuages, Dwelling Houfes and other Houses, Lands

*	and all and singular other the Hereditaments and Premifes therein 6 before contracted to be fold, with their and every of their Appur-‘ tenances (except as aforesaid), and charged nevertheless with the

*	due Payment of whatever Part or Parts of the said Purchafe Money c should then remain unpaid, and Interefl for the fame, unto and to ‘ the Ufe of The King's Majessy, His Heirs or Succeffors, or unto ‘ and to the Ufe of such Person or Persons, and upon such Trufl or

*	Trulls and in such manner and Form as the Commissioners of His ‘ Majefly's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of ‘ them, or the said Commissioners, Parties to the said Articles of

*	Agreement, or the Commissioners for the time being of His Ma-

X 2	‘	jelly's

Hosted

^08

c.97.

57° GEO. HI.

A.D. 1817-

* jefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, should direct or ap-4 point, free from the Land Tax (the fame having been redeemed)* 4 and from all other Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever (fave and 4 except certain annual Sums payable to Colonel Berkeley, to the 4 Dukeof Beaufort, to the Stampers at Redbrook, to 4 Wyrhall Spinfter and to the Poor of Stauntony as specified in the 4 Survey of the said Estate, and which altogether amounted to the 4 annual Sum of Sixteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Five pence, 4 but did not exceed that Sum, and also except Three Heriots pay-4 able to Colonel Berkeley, and the Rents, Cuftoms and Services 4 thereafter to become due to the Lord of the Manor of which the 4 laid Copyhold Premifes were holden); and that the said Henry 4 Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, 4 {hould and would in and by fnch Conveyance covenant and de-4 dare, that the Lands called Mailfcott Wood, containing Seven 4 hundred and twenty seven Acres Three Roods and Fifteen Perches, 4 then in the Tenure of him the said Henry Hall Viscount Gagey 4 and the Lands containing Fifteen Acres One Rood and Ten 4 Perches, then in the Tenure of John Delaney, Parts of the said Pre-4 rnifes thereby agreed to be fold, were Extra Parochial, and warrant 4 the fame so to be : And the said Commiftioners, Parties to the 4 said Articles of Agreement, did thereby, for and on the behalf of 4 The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Succefiors, and by and with 4 the Confent and Approbation of the Commiftioners of His Ma-4 jelly’s Treasury, testified as aforesaid, further covenant, promise 4 and agree, to and with the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his 4 Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afiigns, that the said Sum 4 of One hundred and fifty five thousand eight hundred and sixty 4 three Pounds Three Shillings and Two Fence, the Purchafe Mo-4 ncy aforesaid, should be paid by and out of the Land Revenues of 4 the Crown to the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs, Exe-4 cutors, Adminiftrators or Aftigns, at such times, by fucli Inftal-4 ments or Proportions, and with such Xntereft as therein before in 4 that behalf mentioned, in case the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, 4 his Heirs or Aftigns, should make out and (hew a good and per-4 fed Title to the said Manors, MefTuages, Dwelling Houfes and 4 oth£r Houses, Farms, Lands, Hereditaments and Premises, and 4 every Part thereof, and make and execute such Conveyance thereof 4 as therein before mentioned, according to the true Intent and 4 Meaning of the said Articles of Agreement; And after agreeing 4 in what manner, in what Proportions, and by whom the Expences 4 of the neceftary Deeds, Conveyances, Abftradts for and the fur-4 ther Expences incurred in the completing and perfecting the Pur-4 chafe or Contract by the said Articles of Agreement made and en-4 tered into, it is by the said Articles of Agreement further agreed, 4 that all Outgoings for the said Premifes should be borne, paid and 4 defrayed by the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs or Afligns, 4 up to the said Second Day of August then and now next; and that 4 His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, should be entitled to the 4 Poffeffion of such Parts of the said Premifes as were then in Hand 4 on the said Second Day of Augujl then and now next, and to 4 receive the Rents, Iftues and Profits of the Remainder of the said 4 Premifes as and from that Day ; and after reciting that the Lands 4 and Woods in the Pariih of Dixton, Parts of the said Premises, had

4 been

Hosted

A.D. 1S1JT.	57*	GEO. III.	C.	97.

4 been valued to the Crown, in the Computation of the said Pur* 4 chafe Money, as being exempt from all Rectorial and Vicarial'

*	Tithes, it was further agreed, that if the said Henry Hall Viscount 4 Gage, his Heirs or Afsigns, ffiould not make out and deduce 6 a clear and satisfactory Title to the Tithes of the said last men-4 tioned Lands and Woods, or to an Exemption from the Payment 4 thereof, then and in such case the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his 4 Heirs or Afsigns, ffiould either dedudl or allow unto The King’s 4 Majelty, His Heirs or Succeffiors, out of the said Purchafe Money, i the Sum of One thousand five hundred and eleven Pounds Five 4 Shillings, or to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners indemnify 4 His Majelty, His Heirs and Succeffiors, from any Lofs, Damage,

4 Colts, Charges or Expences on account of such Tithes or any 4 Claims or Demands in respect thereof ; and it was by the Articles 4 of Agreement expressly agreed, that nothing therein contained 4 ffiould extend or be conitrued to charge the Commissioners, Parties 4 thereto, in their own Persons, or their or any of their own proper

*	Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels, with or for the Perform-4 ance of any of the Covenants or Agreements in the said Articles 4 of Agreement contained, but that such Covenants or Agreements

* ffiould only be enforced as againll the Land Revenues of the 4 Crown ; and that all Cofts, Charges and Expences which ffiould 4 or might become payable by reason or means of any such Cove-4 nants or Agreements, or any Breach or Non Performance thereof,

4 ffiould be enforced, raised, levied and recovered by, from or out 4 of such Revenues only, any thing in the said Articles of Agree -4 ment contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding : And 4 after further reciting that it was intended to apply to Parliament 4 in the then and now present Session for an Ad to confirm the said 4 Agreement, and to enable the Commissioners of His Majeffiy’s 4 Woods, Forells and Land Revenues to raise the Sums requisite 4 to pay the several Inllalments of the Purchafe Money before 4 mentioned, as they ffiould respectively become due, by Sales of 4 competent Parts of the Land Revenues of the Crown, it was 4 thereby expressly provided and declared, that if such A£t of Par-4 liarnent as aforesaid ffiould nut be paffied in this present Session of 4 Parliament, then the said Articles of Agreement and the Contra61 4 thereby made, and every thing therein contained, ffiould cease,

4 determine and be wholly void : And Whereas from the Quantity 4 of thriving Oak Timber now growing on the said E Hates, Manors,

4 Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments by the said Articles of 4 Agreement agreed to be fold and disposed of, and the Facility of 4 conveying the Timber growing thereon when cut to the Govern-4 ment Dock Yards by Water Carriage, and from the Contiguity of 4 the said Estate, Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments 4 to the Royal Foreffi of Dean, whereby the fame may be managed 4 as the Crown Lands by the Officers of the said Foreft at a small 4 Expence, the fame appears to be a desirable Purchase, and it is 4 therefore expedient to make Provifions for enabling the said Com-4 miffioners, Parties to the said Articles of Agreement, to make 4 good the Contract thereby entered into on behalf of His Majesty,

4 and to carry the fame into Effedt ; and in order to have a Fund 4 ready for the Payment of the several Inllalments of the said Pur-4 chafe Money as they ffiall respectively become due, it is expedient

X 3	4	that

309'

Hosted

310

C.97.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

* that the Commifiioners for the time being of His Majefly’s 4 Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues should be authorized and em-4 powered to fell and dispose of certain Parts and PofTeflions of the 4 Land Revenues of the Crown, to raise the Monies which will be 4 requisite to pay the Paid Inflalments as they shall become payable,

4 and should be enabled to apply the Monies so to be railed in the 4 Payment thereof accordingly : And Whereas by an Ad palled in 1 Ann.	Stat.i. <	the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intitulecj	An Adi fo?

c-7*	§ S*	4	the better Support of Her Majejly’s Houfehold, and of	the Honour

4	and Dignity of the Crown, it was among!! other things	enabled and*

4	declared, that all and every Grant, Leafe or other	AfTurance,

4 which from and after the Twentieth Day of March One thousand 4 seven hundred and two, should be made or granted by the said 4 Queen, Her Heirs or SuccefTors, Kings or Queens of this Realm,

4 under any of the Seals therein mentioned, or by Copy of Court 4 Roll, or other wife howsoever, of any Manors, Meffuages, Lands,

4 Tenements, Tithes, Woods or other Hereditaments (Advowfons,

4 Churches and Vicarages only excepted), to any Person or Persons,

4 Body Politic or Corporate whatever, whereby any Eflate or Inte-4 ref! should pass from the said Queen, Her Heirs or SuccefTors,

4 should be void and of none Effed, unless the fame should be made 4 for fomeTerm or Eflate not exceeding Thirty one Years or Three 4 Lives, and unless there should be reserved by such Grants, Leafes 4 or Affurances such Rents as in the said Ad is exprelTed; in which 4 said Ad is contained a Provifo, that where the greatef! Part of 4 the yearly Value of any Tenements or Hereditaments which be-4 longed to the said Queen, Her Heirs and SuccefTors, should, at the 4 time of making any Leafe or Grant thereof, confif! of the Building 4 or Buildings thereupon which might want to be repaired or re-4 edified, in every such case, to encourage the Rebuilding or Repar-4 ation thereof, it was declared and enacted, that it should be lawful 4 for the said Queen, Her Heirs and SuccefTors, at any time after the 4 said Twentieth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and 4 two, to demise or grant such Tenements or Hereditaments to any 4 Person or Persons for any Term or Eslate, so as such Term or 4 Eflate did not exceed Fifty Years or Three Lives, and so as such 4 Leafe or Grant should be made to commence from the Date or 4 making thereof ; or if such Grant or Leafe should be made to take 4 Effed in Reverfion or Expedancy, that then the fame, together 4 with the Eflate or Eflates in PofTeflion of and in the fame Tene-4 ments or Hereditaments should not exceed Fifty Years or Three 4 Lives from the Date or making thereof as aforesaid, and so as the 4 fame should not be made difpunifhable of Wafte, and so as there 4 should be reserved and payable upon every such Leafe or Grant 4 during such Term, not exceeding Fifty Years or Three Lives, 4 as much Rent as was by the said Ad required to be reserved for the 4 fame Tenements or Hereditaments respectively in case of a Leafe 4 not exceeding One and thirty Years or Three Lives and not other-4 wife : And Whereas since the palling of the said Ad certain 4 Parts and Portions of the Lands and Land Revenues of the 4 Crown, which from their unimprovable Nature, inconvenient Si-4 tuation or other Circumstances, were not desirable to be held or 4 retained, have from time to time been fold and disposed of under 4 the Authority of divers Ads of Parliament passed for that Pur-

4 pose;

Hosted

57° GEO. IIL

311

C. 97.

4 pose ; and some Part of the Monies which have been produced

*	thereby have been applied in the Redemption of the Land Tax

*	charged on the Crown Estates, or have been fet apart and appro-4 priated for that Purpose, and some Parts thereof have been dif-4 posed of in the Ptirchafe of other Edates of a more improvable 4 Nature, which have been conveyed or fettled so as to form and be-4 come Part of the Pofteflions of the Crown, and other Parts of 4 such Monies have been appropriated to ameliorate and improve 4 divers Parts of the Crown Eftates : And Whereas it would greatly 4 tend to the better Management and Improvement of the Land Re-4 venues of the Crown, if the Commissioners of His Majefty’s 4 Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues were authorized and em-4 powered to purchase and buy, with the Confent and Approbation 4 of the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great 4 Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Tr-ea-4 fury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the 4 time being, for and on the behalf of His Majesty, from time to time 4 as advantageous Opportunities may arise or occur, any Estates,. 4 Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (to become Part of 4 the Land Revenues of the Crown, and to be placed within the 4 Government and under the Ordering and Survey of the Court of 4 Exchequer,) which can be procured ori fair and reasonable Terms,

4 which may be situate, adjoining or near to any of the Royal Fo-4 rests, or to any extensive Eftates already forming Part of the Pof-4 sessions of the Crown, and which from their Situation or other 4 Circumftances may be conveniently placed wholly or principally 4 under the Management of the Officers or Agents having already 4 the Care of such Forefts or other Eftates cf the Crown, under the 4 Superintendence and Controul of the Commissioners for the time 4 being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and 4 which in their Judgment ffiall be desirable to be purcbafed for and 4 on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors; and that 4 for raffing the Funds neceftary for effecting such Purchases, the said 4 Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Reve-4 nues ffiould be authorized and empowered from time to time, by 4 and with the Confent and Approbation of the said Lord High 4 Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being,. 4 to make Sale and dispose of any Part or Parts of the Pofteflions 4 or Land Revenues of the Crown within the Ordering and Survey 4 of the Court of Exchequer, which ffiall in their Judgment be de-4 firable to be fold, and which ffiall be sufficient to raise the neceftary 4 Purchafe Monies for effecting and completing such Purchafes ; and 4 it is also expedient to make other Provffions for the benefit and 4 Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said hereinbefore in part recited Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the said Fifteenth Day of May in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, ffiall be and the fame are hereby ratified and confirmed, and made valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it ffiall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land

X i	Revenues

Recited Articles-of Agreement ratified and con-^ firmed.

Commissioners of Woods empowered, to fell

Hosted

312

C.9/.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1S17.

other PolTeffions or Land Revenues of the Crown, in order to raise the Pur-chafe Money to be paid to Lord Gage with I titered.

50 G. 3. C.65.

Commissioners of Woods, &c. empowered to purchase Lands on behalf of the Crown, lying adjacent to the Royal Forests, or to other exten-five Properties of the Crown.

Revenues for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of, or absolutely to make Sale and dispose of any Part or Parts of the Pofleffions or Land Revenues of the Crown within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, which do or shall consist of any Royalties, Honours, Hundreds, Manors, Lordships, Franchises or any Rights, Members or Appurtenances thereof, or thereto belonging or appertaining, or any Fines, IfTues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues or Monies arising therefrom, or incident to, or receivable in refpe£t thereof, or any Mefiuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents, Mines, Minerals, Colheries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marfhes, Watle Lands or any other Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever, which shall in their Judgment be desirable to be fold, at or for the bell Prices or Confider-ations in Money which the said Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues shall, under the Dire&ion and with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commifiioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, be able to procure for the fame, as will raise a Sum sufficient to pay the said Purchafe Money so to be paid to the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, and the Intereft due thereon ; and the Ex-pences of making and completing the said Purchafe and Sales, and the Monies arising from the Sale or Sales of any of the said Poflefiions or Land Revenues of the Crown, shall be laid out, by the Order of the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, (who are for that Purpofe hereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for the fame,) in the Payment and Difcharge of the respective Inftalments of such Purchafe Money as they shall respectively become due, and the Intereft then payable to the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs and Afiigns, and in the Payment of such Expences as aforesaid ; and in the mean time, and until such respective Inftalments and the Intereft thereon shall become due and payable, and such Payments shall be required, all and every Sum and Sums of Money arising from such Sales shall from time to time be paid into the Bank oi England, and placed to the Account directed, by an A6I passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown and Surveyor General of His Majefly's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled a The Account of the Public Mo-“ nies of the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and “ Land Revenues, being The Woods and Forefts Fund.”

III.	And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, from time to time as advantageous Purchafes may arise or occur, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or Commifiioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, to contra6l for and purchase for and on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, any Estates, Manors, Lordships, Meftuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Fee Simple, or any Copyhold Lands or Hereditaments which can be procured on fair and reasonable Terms, lituate and lying contiguous or near to any of the Royal

Forests,

Hosted

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C, 97.

313

Forests, or any extensive Eftates already forming Part of the PofTeffions of the Crown, and which from their Situation or other Circumftances may be conveniently placed wholly or principally under the Management of the Officers or Agents having already the Care of such Forefts or other Eftates of the Crown, under the Superintendence and Controul of the Commissioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and which on those Accounts, or for any other Reafon, shall in their Judgment be desirable to be purchased for and on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors; and all such Estates, Manors, Lordships, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased, as well as the said Manors, Lordftiips, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments comprized in the said recited Articles of Agreement, shall, on the Completion of the respective Purchafes thereof, become Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in England, and shall be fettled and administered to the fame Ufes and in the same manner as such Land Revenues now are or hereafter may be fettled or administered.

IV. And for the providing Funds for the Payment of the Pur-chafe Monies of such Estates, Manors, Lordships, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased under the Authority of this Aft, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His MajeftyWoods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to contraft and agree with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of, and absolutely to make Sale and dispose of any Part or Parts of the Poffeffions or Land Revenues of the Crown within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in England, which do or shall consist of any Royalties, Honours, Hundreds, Manors, Lord-fhips or Franchises, or any Rights, Members or Appurtenances thereof or thereto belonging or appertaining, or any Fines, Ifsues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues.or Monies arising therefrom or incident to or receivable in respect thereof; or any Meffuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents, Mines, Minerals, Colheries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marfhes, Wafte Lands or any other Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown, within the Ordering and Survey aforesaid, which shall in their Judgment be desirable to be fold, for the best Prices or Confiderations in Money which the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues shall, under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, be able to procure for the fame ; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money arising from such Sales shall from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and placed to the Account intituled ‘ The Account of the Public Monies of the * Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revc-‘ nues, being The Woods and Forejls Fund,’ and the Monies so paid in shall be laid out and applied from time to time, by the Order of the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, (who are hereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for that Purpose,) in the Payment and Dif-

charge

Commissioners empowered to fell Parts of the Crown Lands for the Purpofe of providing for the Purchal'e Monies of Ellates to be bought by them on behalf of the Crown,

Hosted

311

C.97.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

atrd of Intereft and Expences, ami of Incum-tranees affecting Eftates of the Crown.

No Contraft for Sale made but by Special Warrant of Treasury.

When Sales are made, Commif-fioners to grant Certificates to Purchafers, delcribing the Premises, &c.

Receipt of the Purchafe Money without Fee.

Form of Certificate and Receipt.

Inrolment

thereof.

charge of any Purchafe Monies for any Estates, Manors, Lord-ships, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so to be purchased for and on behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Suc-ceffors, by the said Commifiioners under the Authority of this Aft, when and as such Purchafe Monies shall become due and payable to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, and of all Intereft due on such Purchafe Monies ; and in the Payment and Difcharge of all Expences incurred in or about the making and completing any Purchafes or Sales under the Authority of this A<ft, and also in the Payment and Difcharge of any Incumbrances or Charges affecting any of the Eftates and Poffeflions of His Majesty within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer; but such Monies shall not be applicable to or applied or disposed of for any other Ufe or Purpofe whatsoever.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Contract for the Purchafe or Sale of any Eftate or Eftates shall be made under the Authority of this A£t, unless by Special Warrant to be issued for that Purpofe by the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commifiioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That whenever the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being shall have contracted with any?' Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any of the Poffefiions or Land Revenues of the Crown hereby authorized to be sold for the Purpofes aforesaid, the said Commifiioners shall grant the Pur-chafer or refpeCtive Purchafers thereof a Certificate under their Hands, deferibing the Premifes so agreed to be fold, and the Amount of the Purchafe Money to be paid for the fame, and which shall accordingly be paid into the Bank of England within Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate ; and the Cafhiers of the Bank, or One of them, shall upon the Production of such Certificate accept and receive the Purchafe Monies therein mentioned, and carry the fame to the Account therein specified, and at the Loot or on the Back of such Certificate, acknowledge the Receipt of the fame, without Fee or Reward ; and every such Certificate

■ and Receipt shall be according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this ACt annexed, or as near thereto as the Circumftances of the case will admit; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall, within Two Calendar Months after the Date of ffleh Certificate, be taken to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the Diftri£t within which the Premifes therein described are situate, and be there forthwith inrolled in the proper Books for that Purpofe ; and such Auditor, having inrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest the fame under his Hand, and shall, upon receiving the usual Fees for such Inrolment, return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchafer or Purchafers ; and from and after such Inrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective PuVchafers, their Heirs or Suc-ceffors, shall by force and virtue of this A6t be and be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the adiual, Seifin and Poffeffion of the Premises, Rights and Interefts to be by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under him or

them,

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 97.

315

them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purpofes as His Majessy,

His.Heirs and SuccefTors, might or could have held and enjoyed the

fame if such Sale had not taken place; and every such Certificate

shall be respectively witnessed and attested as to the signing thereof

by the said Commilfioners, by one of the Principal Clerks or other

Officers in their Office ; and every such Certificate and Receipt, a Difcharge to

being enrolled as aforesaid, shall effectually discharge the respective Purchafers.

Purchafers to whom the fame shall be given or granted, of and

from the Confideration or Purchafe Money therein exprelTed, and

fnch Purchafers shall never afterwards be liable to be called upon,

sued, troubled, molested or questioned, for or in respect thereof or

any Part thereof.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Not paying Pur-

Person or Persons to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid shall be chafe Money ingranted, shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Confideration Money to Bank, or not therein to be specified, for the Space of Thirty one Days after the	Recent

Date of such Certificate, or shall neglect to inrol such Certificate ,n proper time> and the said Caffiier’s Receipt for the Money, for the Space of Two

Calendar Months after the Date of such Certificate, then every such Certificate shall be null and void, and the Confideration Money, if Penalty, paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues for the time being shall, for any reasonable Caufe to be shewn to them for the Omiffion of such Inrolment, order the fame Certificate and Receipt to be inrolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such Caufe being shewn, they are hereby authorized and empowered to do.

VIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That whenever Warrant from

any of such Poffeffions or Land Revenues of the Crown as aforesaid Treasury a fuf-fhall be fold and disposed of by the Commissioners for the time f,clent Indem-being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, under	^U1"

the Authority of this Ad, with the Approbation and under the Authority of a Warrant from the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the

time being, issued for that Purpose, the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof shall not be bound or required to make any further Enquiry, whether the fame were or are saleable under the Authority of this Ad, or into the Powers of the Commissioners in making such Sale ; but every such Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, having afeer-tained the fame to have been fold under the Authority of a Warrant from the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and having obtained such Certificate as aforesaid, and paid the Purchafe Money therein specified, and procured the Receipt of the Cafhiers of the Bank of England, or One of them, for such Purchafe Money, and having inrolled the said Certificate and Receipt with the Auditor cf the Land Revenue within the time and in manner required by this Ad, shall hold the Premifes so purchased by him, her or them, and shall have free, quiet and peaceable Poffeffion and Enjoyment thereof, and shall not be liable to be thereafter disturbed under any Pretence or Pretences that the Estates, Poffeffions or Revenues so fold and purchased by him, her or them, were not saleable under the Powers or Authorities of this Ad, or any other Pretence or Pretences whatsoever.

< IX. And

Hosted

C. 97.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Power of Com-miffioners to give Notices, and compel Tenants to cjuit Estates, &.C. belonging to the Crown.

Ail Entries made er.der Authority of Com-mUEoneis declared valid.

4 IX. And Whereas Doubts have arisen and may hereafter arise 4 in cases where any Notice, Claim, Demand or Entry may be 4 requisite to be given or made by or on the behalf of The King’s 4 Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, touching any of the Eftates or 4 Land Revenues of the Crown within the Ordering or Survey of 4 the Exchequer, either with a View to the obtaining PofTefiion 4 thereof, by compelling the Tenant, Leflee or Occupier thereof 4 to quit and yield up the fame, or with a View to enforce the Per-4 rormance of any Covenant, Contradl or Agreement, or of any 4 other A£t in relation thereto, or the Payment of any Sum of 4 Money which is or ought to be paid in respect thereof, or for 4 any other Purpofe relative to such Eftates or Land Revenues, or 4 any Part thereof, whether the Commiftioners for the time being 4 of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues can lawfully 4 give such Notices or make any such Claims, Demands or Entries, 4 where no express Powers are reserved or given to them for those 4 Purpofes ; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed, 4 and that the said Commiftioners should be authorized and em-4 powered to do all such A6ls as hereinafter mentioned, for or on 4 the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors Be it therefore further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Commiftioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to give any Notice or Notices, or make any Claim or Demand, Claims or Demands, and to depute or authorize any Person or Persons to make any Entry or Entries, which shall be requisite or expedient to be given or made by or on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, either with a View to compel any Tenant, Leflee or Occupier of any of'the Eftates which do now or shall hereafter belong to His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, to quit or deliver up the PofTefiion thereof, or to perform any Covenant, Contradt or Engagement in relation thereto, or to do any A£t which is or ought to be done in regard to the Reparation, Cultivation or Management of any of such Estates, or otherwise in relation thereto, or to the Payment of- any Sum of Money which is, shall or ought to be paid to or for the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, in respect thereof, or any other Notice, Claim, Demand or Entry which shall or may be requisite or expedient to be given or made by or for, or on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, touching any of the Estates, Pofleflions or Land Revenues which do now or shall hereafter belong to His Majesty, Elis Heirs or SuccefTors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer ; and that every such Notice, Claim or Demand which shall heretofore have been or which shall be given or made in Writing under the Hands of the said Commiftioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or any Two of them, for any of the Purpofes afore -faid ; and every Entry which shall or may be made by any Person or Persons by them deputed or authorized to make the fame on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or'SuccefTors, into or upon any of the said Eftates or Pofleflions, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, and shall have such and the like Force and Eftcdt as if the fame had been or were respectively given or made by His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, or Tome Perfon

authorized

Hosted

A.D. 1§17-

57° GEO. III.

C.97.

317

authorized by Law to give or make the fame respectively on his or their behalf, and all such Notices, Claims, Demands or Entries shall respectively be deemed, construed and taken to have been and to be given and made by or on behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors ; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in any-wife notwithft-anding.

4 X. And Whereas there are at Newmarket, in the County of 4 Cambridge, certain Buildings and Grounds held and enjoyed there-4 with respectively, belonging to the Crown, but of more Ex pence 4 than Value to the Crown, and it is expedient that the fame should 4 be fold, namely, a certain Building called The Palace, and a certain 4 Building (heretofore the Greyhound Inn) thereto adjoining, and 4 now or heretofore united or therewith occupied or enjoyed, with 4 the Areas, Courts and Garden Grounds thereto belonging, ex-4 tending from the High Street in Front to Ram Lane in the Rear 4 thereof, in Newmarket aforesaid ; and also certain Buildings called 4 The Kingys Great Stables, with the Tenements, Offices, Yards 4 and Ground thereto belonging, situate in Ram Lane aforesaid ;

4 and also a certain Tenement, with the Offices, Yards and Garden 4 Ground thereto belonging, called The Nunnery, or The K\ngys 4 Store Tard, in Saxton Ijane in Newmarket aforesaid, and adjoining 4 in Part to the Yard of All Saints Church there ; and also a certain 4 Building used as and for a Depofitory for Ice, and called The Ice 4 Hoiife or Ice JVelly in Newmarket aforesaid : And Whereas Doubts 4 may arise whether such Premifes are within the Survey and Receipt 4 of the Exchequer in England, and whether the fame are saleable 4 under the Powers contained in this present or any existing A& of 4 Parliament for the Sale of Property belonging to the Crown p Be it therefore further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, with the Confent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Tree fury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to make Sale and absolutely to dispose of the said Buildings at Newmarket (except any Parts thereof of which the old Materials may have been already fold or disposed of), and the Ground and Soil whereon the fame stand, and any other of the Hereditaments and Premifes situate at Newmarket hereinbefore described, for the best Price or Confideration in Money which the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues for the time being shall, under the Direction and with such Approbation as aforesaid, be able to obtain for the fame; and such Sale shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, and shall be made in the same manner and under the like Rules and Regulations as other Sales are hereby directed to be made under the Authority of this A (St; and the Purchafe Monies arising therefrom shall be applied in the same manner and to and for fame Purpofes as any other Purchafe Monies arising from the Sale of any other of the Pofleffions or Land Revenues of the Crown, hereby authorized to be fold, are hereby directed or authorized to be applied.

4 XL And Whereas an A 61 was passed in the Fifty third Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for making 4 a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park., and 4 the Northern Parts of the Metropolis in the Parifh of Saint Mary

4 le

Power to fell the Palace and certain other Buildings and Premifes at Newmarket.

5^0.3. c.iai. § 34-

Hosted

The Comm'f-fioners under 53 G.3. c. 12r. enabled to make Ideates in Exchange for other Leafehold Property.

C. 97.	57°	GEO. III.	A.D.1817.

6 le bone, to Charing Cross, within the Liberty of WeHminfler; and 4 for making a more convenient Sewage for the fame ; by which said 4 Adi the Commissioners thereby appointed were empowered, amongst c other things, by and with the Confent and Approbation in Writing 4 of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Trea-4 fury, or any Three or more of them, to convey in Exchange all or 4 any Part of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and 4 Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and 4 Succeffors, situate within any or either of the Pariffies through c which the said Streets and Places respectively to be erected and 4 built, altered, Hopped up, repaired or improved, under or by virtue 4 of that A61, extend, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other * Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which 4 should be wanted for the Purpofes of that A61; and also to demise 4 or lease, or previous to any such Demife or Leafe to enter into any 4 Contra6l or Agreement for the demifing or leasing, with such 4 Confent and Approbation as aforesaid, all or any Part of the 4 Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be 4 purchased, erected, built, altered, repaired and improved under or 4 by virtue of that A61, for any term or terms of Years not exceed-4 ing Ninety-nine Years from the making thereof, at such Rent or 4 Rents, and under such Covenants, Conditions, Claufes and Re-4 Hridtions, and in such manner as the said Commissioners for 4 executing that A61 ffiould from time to time, with such Confent 4 and Approbation as aforesaid, judge proper and think moH advan-4 tageous, and to receive and take any Fine or Fines for granting 4 such Leases, and to apply all such Fines to the Purpofes of that 4 A61:	And	Whereas Doubts have arisen whether under the

4 Authorities thereby granted, the said Commissioners have Power 4 of granting Leafes in Exchange for other Leafehold Property ;

4 which Doubts it is expedient should be removed ; and it is likewise 4 expedient that the leafing Power contained in the said laH recited 4 A61 and in this Acl should be extended so as to comprize the Plot 4 of Ground herein after described, and the Buildings ere6led or to 4 be ere6led thereon \y Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being for carrying the said last mentioned A61 into Execution, by and with the Confent in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to demise or lease, or previous to any Demife or Leafe to enter into any Contra6l or Agreement for the demifing or leasing, all or any Part of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Suc-celfors, situate within any or either of the Pariffies through which the said Streets and Places respectively to be erected and built, altered, Hopped up, repaired or improved, under or by virtue of the said lassi mentioned Adi, do extend, to any Person or Persons for any Term of Years not exceeding Ninety nine Years from the making thereof, at such Rent or Rents, and under such Covenants, Conditions, Claufes and ReHridlions, and in such manner as the said Commissioners for the time being for executing the said lall mentioned Adt shall from time to time, with such Confent and Approbation as aforesaid, judge proper, either wholly or in Part, in lieu of or in Exchange for any Leafe or Leases, Alignment or Alignments, of

any

Hosted

A.D.I817.

57° GEO. III.

G97.

319

any other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be wanted for the Purpofes of the said Aft, and in which said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so wanted, the Person or Persons treating for such Exchange may have only a Leafehold or some other limited Intereft.

4 XII. And Whereas some of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, 4 Tenements and Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, situate on 4 the West Side of the Street called The Hay market, and behind the 4 fame on the East Side of the New Street, extending from Picca-4 dilly on the North to Charles Street on the South, and from the 4 Haymarket on the East to the East Side of the New Street on the 4 West, are adjacent to and in some Degree connected with the 4 Improvements now making under the Authority of the said Aft 4 of the Fifty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign ; but 4 Doubts have arisen whether the fame are within the Proviiions of 4 the said Adi ; but if all such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tene-4 ments and Hereditaments were expressly included in the Proviftons 4 for granting Leafes comprized herein and in the said Adi, it would 4 remove such Doubts and tend to encourage Builders and other 4 Persons to undertake the carrying into Execution the Buildings and 4 Works intended to be made with a View to the Improvement of 4 the Weftern Side of the said Street called The Haymarket, and 4 behind the fame as aforesaid, and such Improvement would beof 4 great public Utility Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commifiioners for the time being for carrying the said Adi of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign into Execution, with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer or Commifiioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, to demise or lease, or previous to any such Demife or Leafe to enter into any Contradl or Agreement with any Person or Persons for the demifing or leasing, with such Confent and Approbation as aforesaid, all or any Part of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, situate on the West Side of the said Street called The Haymarkety and all or any Part of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, within the Ordering and Survey aforesaid, lituate between Piccadilly on the North and Charles Street aforesaid on the South, and between the Street called The Haymarket on the East and the East Side of the New Street aforesaid on the West, for any Term or Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety nine Years from the making thereof, at such Rent or Rents and under such Covenants, Conditions, Claufes and Reftriftions, and either in Exchange or not in Exchange for any other Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and in such manner as the said Qom-miflioners for the time being for carrying the said last mentioned Aft into Execution shall from time to time, with such Confent and Approbation as aforesaid, judge proper and think most advantageous, and to receive and take any Fine or Fines for granting such Leases, and to apply all such Fines to the Purpofes of the said Aft; and that every Leafe of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereinbefore described, so to be granted by the said Commissioners for carrying the said last mentioned Aft into Execu-

Extending the Powers of the Commifiioners, as to leafing the Houfes on the West Side of the Haymarket and between the Haymarket, Piccadilly,Sec. and the East. Side of the New Street.

Hosted

320

C.9/.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

The Street or Row called Market P^ow South,to be Hiut up.

tion, shall be valid and effectual, and the Rents arising therefrom shall be reserved, received and applied in such and the like manner as if the laid Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments had been included within the Provifions of the said last mentioned Act, and in the Map or Plan and Book of Reference therein referred to ; and all and every such Leafe and Leafes of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all and every Leafe and Leafes to be made in Exchange under the Authority of this A£t, shall be made according to the Forms and under the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions, as other Leafes made by the said Commissioners under the Authority of the said recited Adt of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, are or usually have been made, or as near thereto as the Circumftances of the case will admit.

4 XIII. And Whereas a certain Street or Place called Market 4 Row South, situate on the South Side of Saint Ja?nes*s Market,

4 in the Parifhof Saint James within the Liberty of Wejhninjler, hath

4	been used for several Years pail, by the Permiffion of His Majefty’s

5	LelTees, as a public Street or Thoroughfare, but the Soil and 4 Freehold of the said Street have remained and continued and are 4 now veiled in His Majesty in Right of His Crown : And Whereas 4 the Commissioners for carrying the said Adt of the Fifty third Year 4 of the Reign of His Majesty into Execution are empowered to 4 cause several of the Streets, Ways, Paffages or Places therein ‘‘deferibed to be widened, altered, flopped up or improved; but 4 Doubts have arisen whether such Powers extend to authorize or 4 enable the said Commissioners to flop up the said Street called 4 Market Row South; but such Street has ceased to be any 4 longer used as a public Thoroughfare, in consequence of another 4 Street or Way being about to be opened from Norris Street into 4 the New Street in lieu or Head thereof, and of the Alterations 4 now made and making in the Neighbourhood thereof, and it is 4 desirable that the said Street and the Soil and Freehold thereof 4 should be veiled in His Majesty, freed and discharged from all 4 public or other Rights of passing or repassing over the fame Now therefore it is hereby further enabled, That the said Street or Place called Market Row South shall henceforth for ever hereafter cease to be a public Street, Way or PalTage, and that the Soil and Freehold of the said Street or Place shall remain and continue at all times hereafter veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflors, freed and discharged from all public and private Right of passing or repassing over and along the fame, and that the fame Street, and the Scite, Soil and Freehold thereof shall be liable to be fold, exchanged, leafed or disposed of by the Commissioners for carrying the said last mentioned Adi into Execution, in such and the like manner as any other of the Eftates or Poffeffions of the Crown which are comprized within the Provifions of the said last mentioned Adi, and which Ihall not be wanted for the Purpofes of such Adt, are thereby authorized to be fold, exchanged or leafed*

4 XIV. And Whereas by an Inquifition taken on the Ninth Day 4 of December in the Fifty lixth Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, by virtue of a Commiffion issued out of His Majefty’e 4 Court of Exchequer, it was found that William Henry White was 4 indebted to the Crown in the Sum of. Forty one thoufand

4 Pounds 5

Hosted

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 97.

321

c Pounds ; and the laid William Henry White, at the Date of such ‘ Inquifition, was seised of or entitled to a great Number of small 4 Rents, which were heretofore Crown Rents, Chief Rents, Fee * Farm and Quit Rents, or other small Rents issuing out of and 4 payable from various Eflates lituate in many different Counties in 4 England and Wales : And Whereas, from the said Rents being 4 separately of small annual Amount, and iffuing* out of Eflates 4 situate and lying dispersed in different Counties and Parts of 4 England and Wales as aforesaid, the ordinary Courfe of Proceeding 4 to a Sale thereof by Extent, and by making Sale thereof before 4 the Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, will nearly 4 exhaust the Proceeds of such Sales ; and it is therefore expedient 4 to make other Provifions for the Difpofal of such RentsBe it fnquifition, therefore enabled, That all and every the Rents which were here- 9th Dec. 56 G. 3. tofore Crown Rents, Chief Rents, Fee Farm, Quit Rents or other Small Rents be-fmall Rents issuing out of and payable from any Eflate or Eflates, [ate’Wn^Henr Lands, Tenements or Elereditaments wheresoever, in England or White, issuing Wales, the fame may be situate, which were the Property of or be- out of ElUtes in longing to the said William Henry White, or in or to which he divers Counties, was in anyway seised or entitled on or subsequent to the Ninth vetted in the Day of December in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight of0^Majefty’s hundred and fisteen, shall, from and immediately after the palling of Woods, &c. in this A 61, veil in the Commissioners of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls trust to be fold and Land Revenues for the time being (fubjedl to the Dower of Ann for Payment ot the Wife of the said William Henry White therein, if any such {he tJle tJue shall be entitled to], in Truil to fell and dispose thereof in manner Q^imt°Ue hereinafter directed ; and the said Commissioners shall and they are Subject to hereby authorized and empowered, as soon as conveniently may be Dower of Ann after the palling of this A61, to contract and agree with any Person his Wife, or Persons, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of and abiolutely to make Sale and dispose of all or any of the said Rents hereby veiled in them in Trull as aforesaid, at or for the bell Prices or Confiderations in Money which the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues can reasonably procure for the fame.

XV. And for facilitating the Conveyance of the aforesaid Rents Certificates to be to the respective Purchafers thereof, be it f urther enacted, That given to Pur-whenfoever the said Commissioners of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls ^rs °/. *he and Land Revenues shall have contracted with any Person or Per- andthePurcllaft fons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Rent or Monies to be Rents hereby authorized to be fold by them, the said Commissioners paid into the shall grant unto the Purchafer or. Purchafers thereof a Certificate Bank, under their Hands, specifying the Kent or Rents so contracted lor, the Eflates from whence they issue, and the Amount of the Pur-chafe Monty to be paid for the fame ; and the Cafhiers of the Bank of England, or one of them, shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive from such Purchafer or Purchafers the Purchafe ^Monies therein ipecified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee or Reward, and return the laid Certificate and Receipt to the Purchafer or Purchafers ; and from and immediately after such Purchafe Money shall be so paid, and such Receipt given, and thenceforth for ever, the refpeCtive Purchafers of all and every or any of such Rents, and their Heirs, Succeffors or Afsigns, fhall

.57 Geo. III.	Y	by

Hosted

3:22

C.97.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

CenihcaUf to be in the following X7orm.

Certificates to be wit tie lied. Receipts of the Bank to be in the following Form.

by force of this Adt be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seifin and Pofleffion of the Rents so by them refpedftively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, and as fully and amply to all Intents and Purpofes as the said William Henry White, his Heirs or Afsigns, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if the said Extent had never been issued.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Certificates to be granted by the said Commissioners, upon the Sale of any such Rent or Rents of the said William Henry White as aforesaid, shall be in the Words and Figures following, or as near thereto as Circumftances will admit; (that is to fay,)

£ By the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land

Revenues.

► HPHESE are to certify, That A. B. and C. D. Two of the fi Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forefts and Land i Revenues, have contracted and agreed with E.F. of c	for	the Sale to him [her or them, as the case may be]

*	of all that Rent [or those Rents] of	ifluing

6 and payable out of [briefly describing the Lands or Hereditaments

*	chargeable] at or for the Price or Sum of

c of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said E. F.

*	into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Pub-

6 lie Monies of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts 4	and	Land Revenues, being “ The Woods and	Forefts	Fund ;,J

*	and	from and immediately after the Payment of	the faid	Sum in

*	manner aforesaid, and thenceforth for ever, the	faid E.	F. [and

c	his,	her or their Heirs, Succefiors or Afsigns, as	the cafe	Jhall be]

‘ shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seifin

*	and Pofleffion of the said Rent [or Rents] so by him [her or

*	them] purchased by force and virtue of an A6t of Parliament

*	pafled in the Fifty-feventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty c King George the Third, intituled An Ad; [inferting the Title of $ this Ad~\.

6 Given under the Hands of the said A. B. and C. D. the c	Day	of

Which said Certificates shall be refpedfively witnessed and attested, as to the signing thereof by the said Commissioners, by One of the Principal Clerks or other Officers in their Office:	And	that	the

Receipts to be given or subscribed by the Cafhier of the Bank, at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificates respectively as aforesaid, shall be in the Words and Form following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to fay,)

< T> ECEIVED the	Day of

i ’ One thousand eight hundred and	of	and	from

*	jE. F. the Sum of	of	lawful

i Money of Great Britain, being the Confideration Money expressed € in the above [or within] written Certificate.

c Witnefs my Hand,

‘ For the Governor an.d Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed)	Ca^hier.,

Which said Certificates and Receipts shall effectually discharge the said Purchafers or other Persons, to whom the fame shall be so given and granted, of and from the Purchafe and Confideration Money

therein

Hosted

A.D. 1817*

57° GEO. III.

C.97*

32a

therein respectively expressed; and such Purchafers or other Per-Tons shall never afterwards be liable to or be called upon, sued, troubled, molested or questioned, for or in respect of such Pur-chafe or Confideration Money, or any Part thereof.

c XVII. And Whereas by an Inquifition taken on the Twenty ‘ second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen,

( by virtue of a Writ of Extent directed to the Sheriffs of the 6 City of London, grounded on the said first mentioned Inquifition,

*	it was found that the said William Henry White was, on the said c Ninth Day of December in the said Fifty sixth Year of the Reign c of His present Majesty, and at the Date of the said last men-c tioned Inquifition, possessed of a Sum of Six hundred and fe-c venty nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five pence Three per c Cent. Confolidated Bank Annuities, standing in his own Name in

*	the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

6 and which said Sum was by virtue of the said Writ of .Extent c seised into The King's Hands, but the fame cannot be fold by ‘ reason of the said William Henry White having absconded and 6 absented himself, and it is expedient to make Provifion for the 6 Sale thereof, in order that the Produce thereof may be applied c towards the Difcharge of the Debt so due from the said William 6 Henry White to His Majesty Be it therefore enacted, That it ftiall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Baron and the rest of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, upon any Application to be to them made by or on the behalf of His Majesty's Attorney General for the time being, to order or c}ire<ft the Accountant General, Secretary or Deputy Secretary for the time being of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to transfer the said Six hundred and seventy nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five pence Three per Cent. Confolidated Bank Annuities, so standing in the Name of the said William Henry White as aforesaid in the Books of the said Governor and Company, into the Names of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, to the Intent that the fame may be by them fold, and the Produce thereof applied and disposed of towards the Difcharge of the Debt so due from the said William Henry White to His Majesty, as aforesaid, and also to receive the Dividends now due and which shall grow due upon the said Bank Annuities before such Transfer shall be made, and to pay over the fame unto the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for the Purpofes aforesaid ; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby authorized and required to allow such Transfer to be made, and such Dividends to be received and paid in manner aforesaid.

XVIII.	And be it further enaAed, That this present A<ft shall be and is hereby declared to be a full and ample Indemnity and Difcharge to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, their Officers and Servants, for all things which shall be by them done or permitted to be done by virtue or in obedience to any such Order as aforesaid; and that the fame shall not be questioned or impeached in any Court of Law or Equity, or in any manner whatsoever, to their Prejudice, Lofs or Detriment.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any -Surplus shall remain from the Monies ariling and to be received

Y 2	from

Certain Bank Annuities ftand-irig in the Name of h/fr. White to be fold, and the Proceeds thereof applied in Re-du&ion of his said Debt.

Indemnity to the Governor and Company of the Bank and their Officers.

Surplus (if any) which shall remain after Debt

Hosted

32 t

C.97.

57° GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1817

of the Crown lati'fied, to be paid over to Mr. White.

The Corn inif-fioners authorized to indemnify the Pur-chal'ers of Lands, &c. in Braydon Foreft against Claims of Tithes, &c.

from the Sales of the said Rents and Bank Annuities, or from the said Dividends hereby authorized and directed to be fold, transferred, received and paid as aforesaid, after the Debt due from the said William Hairy White to the Crown shall be fully satisfied and discharged, such Surplus shall be paid over to the said William Henry While, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Afligns.

4 XX. And Whereas His Majesty is seised in Right of His 4 Crown of certain Farms called The Great Lodge Farm, and 4 Slyjield or Slifield Lodge Farm, and of certain other Farms and c Lands situate in or near the Parifh of Cricklade, in the County of 4 Wilts, with their Rights, Members and Appurtenances, which were 6 heretofore Parcel of the Foreft of Braydon within the said County 4 of Wilts, and were Parcel of the Demefnes of the Crown within the 4 lame Foreft or the Perambulations thereof: And Whereas the said 4 Farms and Lands have been at all times heretofore held and 4 esteemed to be exonerated and discharged from all Payments in 4 lieu of Tithes, save and except a certain annual Exhibition, Al-4 lowance or yearly Stipend of Forty Pounds, payable to the Vicar 4 for the time being of the said Parifh of Cricklade : And Whereas

-	the said Farms, Lands and Hereditaments being detached from any < other Fftates or PoffelTions of the Crown, and by reason thereof

-	inconvenient and expensive in regard to the Management thereof, 4 are therefore dj fir able to be fold, and some Parts thereof are already 4 contrafted to be fold, and the Relidue thereof is proposed and in-4 tended to be hereafter fold : And Whereas it would tend to facili-4 tate such Sales, if the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, 4 Forefts' and Land Revenues were authorized and empowered to 4 indemnify the Purchafers of the said Farms, Lands and Heredita-4 ments from any Claim of Tithes arising from or out of the said 4 Farms and Lands, and from any Payments in lieu of Tithes, save 4 and except the said annual Exhibition, Allowance or yearly Sti-4 pend of Forty Pounds, or such Parts thereof as have been or shall 4 be apportioned or stipulated or agreed to be charged upon each 4 Lot or Parcel of the laid Estates, and to be paid by the Purchafer 4 or respective Purchafers thereof P Be it therefore enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, to carry into Execution and complete such Sales as have been or shall hereafter be contrafted to be made of the said Farms and Lands, either by and under the Authority of this Aft, and in the manner and according to the Forms and Regulations hereby prescribed, or under the Authority and according to the Forms and Regulations contained in any other Aft or Afts of Parliament, enabling the said Commissioners to make or perfect the fame ; and in order to facilitate such Sale or Sales and the Completion thereof respectively, the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think it expedient so to do, (by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or of the Commif-floners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to be flgnified by any Minute of the laid Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners, in Writing or by Letter from any one of lus or their Secretaries, in pursuance of any such Minute,) to make or enter into any Deed, Covenant, Contraft or

Agreement,

Hosted

A.D. 1817*

57 GEO. III.

C. 97.

325

Agreement, whereby the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues shall and may covenant, undertake, promise or agree for and on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflbrs, to and with the Purchafer or re-lpedlive Purchafers of the said Estates, or of any Lot or Lots,

Parcel or Parcels thereof, to save, defend, keep harmless and indemnified such Purchafer or Purchafers and his, her and their Heirs,

Executors, Adminiflrators or Afsigns, and his, her and their Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels, of, from and against all and all manner of Claims and Demands of any Person or Persons whom-soever, of, in or to any Tithes, Great or Small, preedial, personal or mixed, arising or to arise, grow or increase out of or from all or any of the said lait mentioned Farms, Lands or Hereditaments, and of and from all Payments in respect thereof, and also of and from all or any Charges or Outgoings which shall or may be claimed, fet up, or demanded by any Person or Persons, as against or affeiling or payable out of or from or for or in respect of the said Farms, Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, (other than and except such Part or Proportion of the said annual Exhibition, Allowance or yearly Stipend of Forty Pounds, so payable to the Vicar of Cricklade as aforesaid, or any other Payment, Charge or Outgoing as hath been or shall be stipulated or agreed to be paid and borne by such Purchafer or Purchafers respectively, or as shall be apportioned or fet or agreed to be apportioned or fet, upon the Lot or Lots,

Parcel or Parcels of such Farms, Lands and Hereditaments by him, her or them respectively purchased or to be purchased, or which shall be charged or chargeable thereon by the Terms or Conditions of any such Sale or Sales,) and also of and from all Adlions, Suits, Cofts, Charges, LofTes, Damages and Expences, for or on account or by reason or means thereof.

XXI. And it is hereby further enabled, That in case any Sum- All Monies to or Sums of Money shall hereafter become due or payable to any hccome Payyl'le Purchafer or Purchafers, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Ad- Jy v‘rtue.ot

• -n	A	rr	1	r	rris>	Indemnities, ro

mimftrators or Aiiigns, by reaion or means or any such Covenant, be ruled by $,<le

Contractor Agreement for his, her or their Indemnity as aforesaid, of Crown Lands.

then and in every such case all and every such Sum or Sums of

Money shall and may be raised by the said CommifTioncrs for the time

being of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues, and

they are hereby authorized and required to raise the fame by Sale of

any of the Eflates, PofTefiions or Revenues of the Crown by this

A 61 authorized to be fold, which shall be deemed mofl proper and

convenient for those Purpofes ; and every such Sale or Sales shall be

made by and with the like Direction and Approbation of the Lord

High Treasurer or of the Commissioners of His Majesty*s Treafury

for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and by and

under his or their like Warrant, and shall be completed and carried

into Execution under the like Certificate, and the Purchafe Monies

shall be paid into the Bank of England under the like Receipt and.

within the like Space of time and under the like Penalty, and be

carried and placed to the like Account as are hereby provided and

enabled with regard to any Sale or Sales to be made for any other

Purpofes under the Authority of this Act; and the Monies arifing

therefrom, or a competent Part thereof, shall be afterwards iffiued,

paid and applied, by Order of the Commissioners for the time being

Y 3	of

Hosted

326

C.9/.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

All Deeds, Leafes and other Inftruments under this A6t, to be exempt from Stamp Duty.

Deeds to be in-rolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenues.

of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues (who are hereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for those Purpofes), in the Difcharge of the Expences attending such Sale or Sales, and in the Payment of such Sum or Sums as shall so become due or payable to such Purchafer or Purchafers, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or Afsigns, by reason or means of any such Covenant, Contract or Agreement as aforesaid.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That no Deed or Conveyance, Mortgage, Afhgnment or other Inftrument which shall be made, executed or signed by any Person or Persons, in pursuance of the said recited Articles of Agreement, nor any Minute, Memorandum, Contract or Agreement to be made or entered into by or with the Commissioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for the Sale or Purchafe of any other Estates, Manors, Lordships, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, under the Provifions of this Adt; nor any Certificate, Contradt or Receipt, Deed, Covenant, Agreement or Indemnity to be given or granted^ entered into or made to or with any Purchafer or Purchafers of any Estates, Manors, Lordships, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any of the said Rents heretofore Crown Rents, Chief Rents, Fee Farm, Quit Rents or other Rents to be fold by the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, under the Powers and Authority of this Adt ; nor any Leafe or Leafes or any Con-tradf or Agreement for any Leafe or Leafes to be entered into, made or granted by virtue of this Adt, shall be subject or liable to any ad valorem or other Stamp Duty whatsoever, imposed by any Adt or Adts of Parliament now in force or to be imposed by any future Adt or Adts of Parliament, unless the fame be specially subjected and specifically charged therewith in and by such future Adt and Adis of Parliament.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances, Deeds or Inftruments, whereby the Estates, Manors, Lordships, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by the said recited Agreement contracted to be purchased for or on the behalf of His Majesty, or whereby any Estates, Manors, Lordships, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be hereafter purchased by the Commissioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for or on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, either under or by virtue of the Authority of this Adt, or under or by virtue of any other Adt or Adts of Parliament, Power or Authority, shall be conveyed to His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, or to any Person or Persons in Truft for him or them ; and all Leafes to be made or granted by the said Commissioners, under the Authority of this Adt or of any other Adt or Adts of Parliament, shall be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor or Auditors of His Majefty’s Land Revenues for the Diftridt within which the Premifes comprized therein shall be situate, (or if such Premifes shall be situate within the District, of more than One such Auditor, then in the Office of any One of such Auditors,) upon Payment of the usual Fees for such Inrolment, and a Minute or Docket thereof fkall be entered and preserved in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majefty?s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues j and every

fuch

Hosted

A. D.1817*

C. 97.

3 27

57° GEO. IIL

fach Conveyance, Deed, Leafe or other Inftrument, when so in-rolled and entered, shall, without any Inrolment thereof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or any other Inrolment or Regiftry thereof, be as good and available in Law and of the like Force and Effest, in all Refpefts and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been or was inrolled in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftmlnfter, or as if a Memorial had been entered or re-giftered in the Office appointed for registering Deeds and other Conveyances of Lands and Tenements in the County or Counties in which the fame Eftates or any of them are situate; any Aft of Parliament, Law, Practice or Ufage to the contrary in any wise not-withftanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Hi9 Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being shall, in every Report which shall be made by them to The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and to both Houfes of Parliament, touching or concerning the Land Revenues of the Crown, from and after the passing of this Aft, so long as the Powers of Purchafe and Sale given by this Aft shall continue in force, certify and report what Estates, Manors, Lordships, Mefluages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments have been purchased for and on behalf of His Majesty, under the Powers and Authority of this Aft, describing the Premifes so purchased and the Purchafe Money paid or to be paid for the fame, and the Terms on which such Pur-chafes shall be completed; and also what Part or Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown shall have been fold under and by virtue of this Aft, fmce the time of their making their last preceding Report, and what Sum and Sums of Money shall have been raised by means of every such Sale, and in what manner the fame shall have been applied and disposed of*

* XXV. And Whereas there are certain Sums or Funds Handing 6 in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of 4 England, in the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities*

4 in the Name or to the Account of the Duchy of Lancaster, which 4 have arisen and been produced by Sales of certain Parts of the i Pofleflions of the said Duchy, and it will tend to the Improvement 4 of other Parts of the PofTeffions of the said Duchy if a sufficient 4 Part of the said Bank Annuities was fold, and the Produce thereof 4 applied in the manner and for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lane after, by any Order or Orders to be made in Court of Revenue of the said Duchy, from time to time to order or direct that any Part or Parts of the Three Pounds per Cent. Confolidated Annuities now Handing or which may hereafter Hand in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Name or to the Account of the Duchy of Lancaster, shall be fold and disposed of; and that the Monies arifmg by any such Sale or Sales shall be applied and appropriated in or towards Payment, Satisfaction and Difcharge of any Sum or Sums of Money or Expences which shall be incurred in the Division, Inclosure, Drainage, Embankment or other Improvement of any Mefluages, Lands or Tenements belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, in Right of His laid Duchy, which shall be certified by the Surveyor General of the said Duchy

Y 4<	upon

Good without Inrolmentsinthe

Courts, 5fc.

The Com mi f-

fioners of Woods, &c. to certify in their Reports to the King, and Parliament, what Ptirchafes or Sales have been made under this A£t, and how Monies have been applied.

Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster may fell Part of their Funded Stock, and apply the Money towards the Improvement of the Lands, &c. belonging to the said Duchy.

Hosted

C. 97.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1S17

upon Oath, to be filed in the Duchy Office, to be proper, necessary, advantageous and beneficial to His Majefty’s said Pofleffions ; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby authorized and required, upon Requifition to them for that Purpofe to be made by any Order or Orders of the said Chancellor and Couneil, and under the Hand of the Attorney General of the said Duchy, to permit such Person as shall in and by such Order be named and empowered for that Purpofe to make any Sale or Sales, Transfer or Transfers, of all or any Part of the said Bank Annuities which now do or shall hereafter Hand in the Books of the said Governor and Company in the Name or to the Account of the Duchy of Lancaster; and which Sale or Sales, Transfer or Transfers, being made by the Person so to be authorized by the Signature of his own proper Name, for and on the behalf of The King’s Majesty in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, shall be valid, legal and efFedtual for the Sale or Transfer of the said Annuities ; any thing in any Adi or Adis of Parliament, or any Practice, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

This Aft an In- XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this present Adi shall demnity to Bank be and is hereby declared to be a full and complete Indemnity and [uobed^nceto Discharge to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-Orders of laid land, their Officers and Servants, for all things which shall be by Chancellor,&c. them done or permitted to be done by virtue or in obedience to any such Order or Orders of the said Chancellor and Couneil; and the fame shall not be questioned or impeached in any Court of Law or Equity, or in any manner whatsoever to their Prejudice, Lofs or Detriment.

SCHEDULE to which this A£l refers.

FORM of Certificate of Contradls for Sale, made by the Com-miffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Foreils and Land Revenues.

By the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Foreils and Land

Revenues.

THESE are to certify, That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing Date the	Day	of

Jl. B. and C. D. Two of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Foi'efts and Land Revenues, for and on the behalf of The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, have contracted and agreed with E. F. of	for

the Sale to the said EJF. of all \Jiere describe the Premifes to be foldy and any fubfijling Grants, Leafes or Contracts ajfefting the fame J at or for the Price or Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said E. F. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being ‘ The Woods and Forefts Fund ;’ and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum into the Bank in manner aforesaid, and the Inrolment of this Certificate and the Receipt for the said Purchafe Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforesaid, and thenceforth for ever, the said E. F. and [his, her or their Heirs or Suc-

ceffors

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57* GEO. III.

C.97,98.

329

ceifors or Affigns] shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the aGual Seifin and PoiTeilion of the said Hereditaments and Premifes so by [him, her or them] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, [_if subject to any Grant, Leafe or Contract, then add, 4 save and except the Person 4 or Persons claiming under the said Grant, Leafe or ContraG,’ as the case may be,~\ and in as full and as ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes as His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not been made. Given under their Hands, this	Day	of

in the Year of our Lord

Signed by the above named	1

in the Prefence of j

FORM of RECEIPT.

RECEIVED the	Day	of

of and from E.F. the Sum of	of	lawful Money of

Great Britain, being the Coniideration Money expressed in the [above or within] written Certificate.

Witnefs my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed)	Cafhier.

CAP. XCVIII.

An AG for ratifying the Purchafe of the Impropriate ReGory of Saint Mary le bone in the County of .  Middlesex.

[loth July 1817.]

* \ HERE AS for the purchafmg and veiling in the Crown the 4 V V Impropriate ReGory and Right of Prefentation of and to 4 the perpetual Curacy of Saint Mary le bone, in the County of 4 Middlesex, and the Patronage or Right of Prefentation of and to 4 the several Chapels in the Parifh of Saint Mary le bone hereinafter 4 mentioned, with a View to the better Ordering and Regulation of 4 the said Parifh, Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Second 4 Day of June in this present Year, have been made and entered into 4 between The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, of the First Part;

4 the Right Honourable William Hujkijfon, William Dacres Adams 4 and Henry Dawkins, Esquires, Commiftioners of His Majefty’s 4 Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, of the Second Part; and the 4 Moil Noble William Henry Cavendiflo Scott Duke of Portland, 4 of the Third Part ; in Subftance and to the EffeG following ; that 4 is to fay, after reciting that the ReGory, Advowfon or perpetual 4 Right of Nomination and Appointment of the Curate or Chaplain 4 of the Pariih Church of Marybone, alias Maryborne> alias Saint 4 Mary le bone, in the County of Middlesex, whereof the Reverend 4 Luke Heflop, DoGor of Divinity, is at present Incumbent, is 4 veiled in the said Duke and his Heirs, or in a Truftee or Trustees 4 for the said Duke, in Fee Simple, or he is other wife entitled to fell 4 and dispose thereof; and that the said Duke, in Right of such 4 ReGory, is also seised of or claims to be well entitled to the

4 Patronage

Agreement,

2d June 1817, for the Purchafe of the Impropriate Redory, recited.

Hosted

330	C.98.	57" GEO. III.	A.D.I817.

4 Patronage and perpetual Right of Nomination and Appointment 4 of the several Curates or Officiating Minifters of the several Chapels * following; that is to fay, Portman Chapel, Bentinck Chapel, Quebec 4 Chapel, and Saint John’s Chapel, all lituate within the said Pariffi 4 of Saint Mary le hone; and that the said Duke is also entitled,

4 with the Confent and Approbation of the Veftrymen for the time 4 being of the said Pariffi, to nominate and appoint the Clerk and 4 Sexton of Saint John’s Chapel aforesaid and of the Burial Ground 4 to the fame belonging ; and the said Duke or his Truftee orTruf-4 tees is or are also seised in Fee Simple of and in the Three several 4 Chapels called Portland Chapel, Oxford Chapel, and Welbeck Cha-4 pel, all situate within the said Pariffi of Saint Mary le bone, and of 4 the Ground and Soil whereon the fame are erected and built, and 4 entitled to all the Rents, Profits and Produce of such laid men-4 tioned Chapels, he providing proper Minifters, Clerks and other 4 Officers to officiate therein, and to perform the several Duties 4 which are or ought to be performed therein, subject, as to the 4 said Chapel called Welbeck Chapel, to a Leafe granted thereof,

4 with other Hereditaments, to William Franks for the Term of 4 Ninety nine Years, under the yearly Rent of Two Pounds, from 4 Chrijlmas One thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and to the 4 Covenants and Agreements therein contained ; and also subject to 4 a Rent of Forty two Pounds per Annum, reserved out of the fame 4 Premifes by an Under Leafe granted thereof by the said William 4 Franks, for a Term which will expire in the Year One thousand 4 eight hundred and sixty two^ of which Under Leafe the said Duke 4 or his Truftee or Trustees now also is or are pofiefied, fubjedf to 4 the fame Rent of Forty two Pounds, and to the Covenants and 4 Agreements therein contained ; and that the said Duke or his 4 Truftee or Trustees now also is or are seised of or other wife well 4 entitled to the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in a certain 4 Chapel called Margaret Chapel* situate in the said Pariffi of Saint 4 Mary le bone, subject to a Leafe granted thereof, with other 4 Hereditaments, to Thomas Huddle, for the Term of Ninety nine 4 Years from Lady Day One thousand seven hundred and-forty nine* 4 at and under the annual Rent of a Pepper Corn ; and that the 4 said Duke is also pofieffed of or well entitled to a certain other 4 Chapel called Brunswick Chapel, likewise situate in the said Parilli 4 of Saint Mary le bone, held by him for the Refidue of a Term of 4 Seventy fix Years and One Quarter of a Year (wanting Forty 4 Days) from Chrijlmas One thousand seven hundred and ninety 4 five, subject to the Payment of a yearly Rent or Sum of Forty 4 two Pounds, and to the Performance of the Covenants and Agree-4 ments in the Leafe thereof contained, and which last mentioned 4 Chapel is also subject to an Under Lease, granted of the fame by 4 the said Duke to the Reverend George Saxby Penfold Clerk, for 4 the Term of Fourteen Years from the Twenty fifth Day of March 6 One thousand eight hundred and eleven, at and under the yearly 4 Rent of Three hundred and fifty Pounds : And also, after reciting, ‘"’that the said William Hujkijfon, William Dacres Adams and Henry 4 Dawkins, as such Commiffioncrs of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts 4 and Revenues as aforesaid, have (by and with the Confent and 4 Approbation of the Commiffioncrs ot His Majesty's Treasury of 4 the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland} treated with

Hosted

A.D. 1817.	57° GEO. III.	C.98.	831

£ the said Duke for the Purchafe of the said Redory, Advowfon,

4 Right of Patronage, Nomination and Appointment of the Curate 4 or Chaplain of the said Parifh Church of Marybone, alias Mary-4 borne, alias Saint Mary le bone, and of all his Rights and Interefts 4 in the said Rectory, and of and in the said several Chapels and 4 Premises, for and on the behalf of The King’s Most Excellent 4 Majesty, and have proposed to give the Price or Sum of Forty 4 thousand Pounds for the fame, and that the said Duke has agreed 4 to accept such Propofal, and to fell and dispose of the said 4 Redory, Advowfon, Rights and Interests, with the Exceptions 4 and subject as thereinafter expressed and contained, at or for the 4 said Price or Sum of Forty thousand Pounds ; it is by the said 4 Articles of Agreement witneffect, and the said William Hujkijfon,

4 William Dacres Adams and Henry Dawkins, as such Commissioners 4 as aforesaid, (at the Requeft and by and with the Confent and c Approbation of the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Trea~

4 fury,) do, for and on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and 4 Succeffors, thereby covenant, contfad and agree to and with the 4 said Duke, his Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, to purchase 4 and buy, and the said Duke doth thereby for himself, his Heirs,

4 Executors and Adminiftrators, covenant, contract and agree to 4 and with His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, to fell unto His 4 Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, at or for the said Price or 4 Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, tb be paid at the times and 4 in manner thereinafter mentioned, all that the said Redory,

4 Advowfon or perpetual Right of Nomination and Appointment 4 of the Curate or Chaplain of the said Parifh Church of Mary-4 bone, alias Maryborne, alias Saint Mary le bone aforesaid; and 4 also the Patronage and perpetual Right of Nomination and Ap»

4 pointment of or belonging to the said Duke, in Right of such 4 Redory or otherwise, of the several Curates or officiating Minifters 4 of and to the said several Chapels called Portman Chapel, Ben*

4 tinck Chapel, Quebec Chapel and Saint John’s Chapel, fttuate in 4 the said Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, and with such Confent 4 and Approbation as before mentioned, of the Clerk and Sexton 4 of Saint John’s Chapel and Burial Ground aforesaid ; and also all 4 those the said Three several Chapels called Portland Chapel,

4 Oxford Chapel, and Welbeck Chapel, and the Ground and Soil 4 whereon the fame respectively stand and are erected and built,

4 fttuate in the said Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, subject, as to 4 the said Chapel and Premifes called Welbeck Chapel, to the refpec-4 tive Leafes affecting the fame as therein before mentioned, and 4 also all Rents, Profits and Produce to arise and become payable to 4 the said Duke, his Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, from 4 the said Chapels and Premifes ; and also all that Chapel called 4 Margaret Chapel, fttuate in the said Parifh of Saint Mary le bone9 4 and the Ground and Soil whereon the fame is erected and built,

4 subject to the said Indenture of Leafe granted thereof with other 4 Hereditaments to the said Thomas Huddle, and to the Covenants,

4 Conditions and Agreements therein contained ; and also all that 4 Leafehold Chapel called Brunswick Chapel fttuate in the said 4 Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, for and during all the Estate, Term 4 and Intereft of the said Duke therein, subject to the said Under 4 Leafe granted thereof to the said George Saxby Penfold; and all

4 the

Hosted

332

C.98.	57°	GEO. III.	A.D. 1817-

c the Chapel, Yards, Cemeteries and other Lands and Grounds,

*	Rights and Privileges, to the said Chapels and Premifes or any c of them belonging or in any wise appertaining ; and all the Estate, c Right, Title, Interect, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever 4 of him the said Duke, of, in and to the said Redlory, Advow-4 foil, Patronage, Chapels and Premifes (except and always reserved 4 to the said Duke, his Heirs and Afsigns, all the Pews as well 4 in the new Parifh Church as in the old Church or Chapel 4 of Saint Mary le bone aforesaid, now appropriated to or ufed

*	by the said Duke, his Family or Domeftics ; and also the Bury-4 ing Ground or Vaults of or belonging to the said Duke and his 4 Family in the said old Church or Chapel of Saint Mary le bone ;

4 and also save and except all the Tithes, Great and Small, and all 4 Moduses, Compositions and other Payments in lieu thereof, an-4 nually arising, growing or increasing, or hereafter to arise, grow 4 or increase from or out of all and every of the Lands, Tene-4 ments and Hereditaments, belonging to the said Duke in the 4 said Parifh of Saint Mary le bone ; and except and also reserved 4 to the said Duke and his Heirs the Right of nominating or 4 presenting the Reverend Thomas White, the present Curate of Wei-4 beck Chapel, to that Chapel, whenever it shall become vacant by 4 the Death, Ceffion or Promotion of the Reverend Charles Dyer, 4 the present Incumbent thereof, if the said Thomas White shall be 4 then living and capable of taking and holding the fame) ; to hold 4 the said Redtory, Advowfon, Right of Nomination and Appoint-4 ment and all the said several Chapels and Premifes (other than 4 and except and subject as aforesaid, and except the laid Chapel 4 called Brunfnvick Chapel,) unto The King’s Majesty. His Heirs 4 and Succeffors for ever, or unto and to the ute of such Person or 4 Persons as the said Commillioners for the time being of His 4 Majelly’s Woods, Forells and Land Revenues shall (by and with 4 the Confent and Approbation of the Commillioners of His Majelly’s 4 Treafurv for the time being, or any Three of them) directs, in 4 trull for His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccelTovs for ever, free 4 from all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever, but lubjedl to the 4 Incumbency of the present Curate or Chaplain of the said Parifh 4 Church of St. Mary le bone aforesaid, and to the continuing of the 4 several Curates or officiating Minifhers, Sextons, Clerks, Organills 4 and other Officers, in the said Church and several Chapels during 4 their respective Lives, if they shall, by themselves or sufficient 4 Deputies or Affillants, so long continue to discharge the Duties of 4 their respective Offices and Situations in a due and regular manner, 4 and as they have respectively heretofore done ; and also subject 4 to the Payment of the several yearly and any other Salaries and 4 Sums of Money in the Schedule thereunder written mentioned, 4 now paid or payable to them by the said Duke during their refpec-4 tive Lives, or so long as they shall continue in such their respective 4 Miniflries, Offices or Situations, and to sundry small Payments to 4 subordinate Officers and Servants, which do not exceed in the 4 whole the yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds ; and to hold the said 4 Chapel called Brunswick Chapel unto The King’s Majesty, His 4 Heirs and Succelfors, or to such Person or Persons as the said 4 Commillioners for the time being of His Majelly’s Woods, Forells 4 and Land Revenues shall, by and with such Confent and Appro-

4 bation

Hosted

57° GEO, III.

C. 98.

383

4 bation as aforesaid, direCl or appoint, in trull fur His Majesty, 4 His Heirs and Succeflbrs, for and during* all the Reft and Refidue * and Remainder of the laid Term of Seventy ex Tears and One 4 Quarter of a Year (wanting Forty 33ays) yet to come and unex-4 pired, fubjeCl to the Payment of the laid yearly Rent of Forty 4 two Pounds, and to the Performance of the several Covenants 4 and Agreements under which the said Duke holds the fame, and 4 which are and ought henceforth, on the Leflee’s Part and Behalf, 4 to be paid, observed and performed in respect thereof, and also 4 fubjeCl to the said Under Leafe granted of the said lait mentioned 4 Chapel and Premifes unto the said George Saxby Penfold ; and the 4 said Duke doth thereby, for himself, his Heirs, Executors and 4 Adminillrators covenant, promise and agree to and with The 4 King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, in manner following ; 4 that is to fay, that he the said Duke, his Heirs, Executors or 4 Adminillrators, shall and will, within the time or Space of Three 4 Calendar Months from the Date thereof, make out and deliver, or 4 cause to be made out and delivered, unto the Commissioners of 4 His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time 4 being, or their Solicitor, for their Ufe, a full and complete AbftraCt 4 of his or their Title to the said Rebtory, Advowfon, Chapels and 4 Premises, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, free from 4 any Incumbrances, except and fubjeCl as aforesaid, and except as 4 to the said Chapel called Brunswick ChapeU as to which the said 4 Duke shall by such AbftraCl deduce and (how a clear Title to the 4 fame, for all the Refidue and Remainder of the said Term of 4 Seventy fix Years and One Quarter of a Year (wanting Forty 4 Days), fubjeCl to the said yearly Rent or Payment of Forty two 4 Pounds, and also fubjeCl to the said Under Leafe granted thereof 4 to the said George Saxby Penfold as aforesaid ; and that he the 4 laid Duke, His Heirs, Executors and Adminillrators, upon receiv-4 ing the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, being the First Inftalment 4 of the said Purchafe Money or Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, on 4 or before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight 4 hundred an'd eighteen, and on having the Payment of the Refidue 4 or Remainder thereof at the times and in the Proportions tberein-4 after mentioned, secured in manner thereinafter expressed, with such 4 Intereft for the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds as therein-4 after mentioned, shall and will, by such Deeds, Inftruments, Con-4 veyances, Aflurances or Aflignments as the Commissioners of His 4 Maiefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being,

4 orTne Law Officers of the Crown for the time being, shall reafon-4 ably require, and at such Cofts and Charges as thereinafter men-4 tioned, well and effectually convey, assign and allure the laid Rec-4 tory, Advowfon, Chapels and Premifes thereby contracted to be 4 fold, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, (other than and 4 except the said Chapel called Brunswick Chapel, and except and 4 fubjeCl as before mentioned, and 1'ubjeCt to and charged and 4 chargeable with the Payment of the Relldue or Remainder of the 4 said Purchafe Money and Interect, by such Inftalments as therein-4 after mentioned, and with such Term or Terms of Years as the 4 Counfel of the said Duke, his Heirs or Afsigns, shall advile or 4 require for securing the due Payment of such Inftalments and 6 such Intereft as aforesaid,) unto The King’s Majesty, His Heirs or

4 Succeflbrs,

Hosted

331

C. 98.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181?.

4 Succeflors, or unto such Person or Persons as shall be for that 4 Purpofe nominated and appointed as aforesaid, in trust for His 4 Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflors for ever, free from all Charges 4 and Incumbrances, save and except as aforesaid, and afiign the said 4 Chapel called Brunswick Chapel, for all the Reft, Refidue and 4 Remainder of the said Term of Seventy fix Years and One Quarter 4 of a Year (wanting Forty Days), subject to the Payment of the 4 said Yearly Rent of Forty two Pounds, and to the Performance 4 of the several Covenants and Agreements which are and ought 4 on the Leflee’s Part, as and from the Twenty ninth Day of Sep-4 temher next, to be kept, done and performed in respect of such last 4 mentioned Chapel, and also subject to the said Under Leafe granted 4 thereof to the said George Saxby Penfold, and to the said Inftal-4 ments of the said Purchafe Money and the Jntereft thereof, but 4 free from all other Charges, Outgoings and Incumbrances what-4 soever : And the said William Hifkijfon, William Dacres Adams 4 and Henry Dawkins, do by the said Articles of Agreement (by 4 and with such Confent and Approbation of the said Commissioners 4 of His Majefty’s Treasury as aforesaid, for and on the behalf of 4 His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors,) thereby covenant, pro-4 mise and agree to and with the laid Duke? his Heirs or Afiigns,

4 that the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, the Purchafe Money 4 aforesaid, shall be paid to the said Duke, His Heirs, Executors,

4 Adminiftrators or Afligns, or to whom he or they shall appoint,

4 by and out of the Land Revenues of the Crown, at the times,

4 by the Inftalments, and in the Proportions thereinafter mentioned 4 and appointed for the Payment thereof; that is to fay, the Sum of 4 Ten thousand Pounds, being One Fourth Part of the said Prin-4 cipal Sum, on or before the Twenty ninth Day of September which 4 will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and 4 eighteen, upon the Execution of such Deeds, Conveyances, Aflign-4 ments and Aflurances as aforesaid by all proper Parties, and a good 4 and satisfactory Title being made out and shewn to the said Rec-4 tory, Advowfon, Chapels and Premises, according to the true 4 Intent and Meaning of the said Agreement ; the further Sum 4 of Ten thousand Pounds, being One other Fourth Part thereof, 4 on the Twenty ninth Day of September which will be in the Year 4 of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen ; the further 4 Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, being One other Fourth Part 4 thereof, on the Twenty ninth Day of September which will be in 4 the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty; 4 and the further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, being the r Aiain-4 ing Fourth Part thereof, on the Twenty ninth Day of September 4 which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hun-4 dred and twenty one, together with Intereft for the said Sum of 4 Forty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall from time to 4 time remain unpaid, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cen~ 4 turn per Annum, such Intereft to commence and be computed from 4 the Twenty ninth Day of September next enfiiing the Date thereof, 4 and to be paid by Half Yearly Payments, until the whole of the 4 said Principal Purchafe Money shall be fully paid and discharged: 4 And it is by the said Articles further agreed by and between the 4 said Commissioners Parties thereto on behalf of His Majesty, His 4 Heirs and Succeflors, and the said Duke on behalf of himself,

4 his

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 98.

335

4 his Heirs, Executqrs and Adminiftrators, that His Majesty, His 4 Heirs and SnccelTors, shall be entitled to all the Rents, Profits 4 and Advantages arising and resulting from the said Redfory,

4 Advowfon, Chapels and Premises, which the said Duke, or his 4 Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators would have been entitled to,

4 or could or might have had, received, taken or enjoyed, as and 4 from the Twenty ninth Day of September next, if that Contrail or 4 Agreement had not been made ; and that all such Rents and other 4 Profits, and all Powers, Privileges and Advantages of or belonging 4 or resulting from the said Premises, shall be received, had, taken,

4 exercised and enjoyed by the said Duke, his Heirs, Executors,

4 Adminiftrators or Afiigns, for his and their own Ufe and Bene-4 fit up to that time, fubjedf however to the Reftridiion thereinafter 4 contained, and which shall or may be contained in the Adt of Par-4 liament thereinafter mentioned : Provided, and it is thereby further 4 agreed, that if at any time between the Date of those Articles and 4 the Clofe of the present Sefiion of Parliament, the said Parifti .4 Church or Chapel of Saint Mary le bone, or any of the said Chapels 4 or Offices, ffiall become vacant by reason of the Death, Ceffion,

4 Deprivation or Promotion of the present Incumbent, or of any of 4 the officiating Minifters or other Officers, no Nomination or 4 Appointment of any Person or Persons to supply such Vacancy 4 or Vacancies ffiall be made or take place before the End of the 4 present Session of Parliament, unless the Adt of Parliament therein-4 after mentioned ffiall have sooner received the Royal Aftent, in f which case all such Nominations and Appointments are to be 4 regulated by the Provifions of the said Adf, and after providing 4 by whom and in what manner the Expences of making out the 4 Title Deeds, Abftradfs and necessary Conveyances required for 4 completing the said Purchafe ffiall be borne and defrayed, and 4 apportioning the fame, and after providing that nothing therein c contained ffiall extend or be construed to charge the said Com-4 miffioners, Farties thereto, in their own proper Persons, or their 4 or any of their own proper Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chat-4 tels, with or for the Performance of any of the Covenants or 4 Agreements therein contained, but that such Covenants or Agree-4 ments ffiall only be enforced as against the Land Revenues of the 4 Crown ; and that all Cofts, Charges and Expences which ffiall or 4 may become payable by reason or means of any such Covenants or 4 Agreements, or any Breach or Non Performance thereof, ffiall be 4 raised, levied and recovered by, from or out of such Revenues only,

6	any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise 4 notwithstanding ; and after reciting that an Application is intended 4 to be made to Parliament in the present Session for an Adi to 4 confirm the said Agreement, and to regulate the Nomination and 4 Appointment of Persons to supply any Vacancies which may 4 occur by the Death, Ceffion, Deprivation or Promotion of the 4 present Incumbent, or of any of the officiating Minifters or other 4 Officers aforesaid, before the Title to the said Redtory and Pre-4 mises shall be fully approved, and such Deeds, Conveyances,

4 Affignments and Afturances thereof as aforesaid ffiall be executed ; 4 and also to enable the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, 4 Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being to raise such Sum c or Sums of Money as ffiall be requisite for the Completion of the

4 faid

Hosted

336

C. 98.

57° GEO. III.

Expediency of confirming the Purchase, and of providing a Fund for the Payment of the Purchafe Money.

Agreement confirmed.

The Commif-fioners of Woods, ic. empowered to raif'e Money by Sale of Crown .Lands for the Completion of such Purchafe.

A.D. 1S17.

‘ said Purchase, by Sale of Lands or Hereditaments belonging to

*	the Crown ; it is by the said Articles of Agreement exprefsly

*	provided and declared, that if such ACl of Parliament cannot be

<	obtained, or shall not pass during the present Seflion of Parliament, ‘ that then the said Agreement and the Contract thereby made, and

<	every thing therein contained, shall cease, determine and be void : ‘ And Whereas it is expedient that the said Articles of Agreement 4 should be confirmed, and that Provifions should be made for enabling ‘ His Majesty and the said Commissioners, Parties thereto, to make € good the ContraCt thereby entered into on behalf of His Majesty, ‘ and to carry the fame into EffeCl ; and that in order to provide 4 a Fund for the Payment of the said Purchafe Money when the 4 fame shall become due, the Commissioners for the time being of His 4 Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues should be authorized 4 and empowered to fell and dispose of certain Parts of the Land 4 Revenues and Poffeffions of the Crown, and to apply the Money 4 ariling from such Sales in the Payment of such Purchafe Money, 4 and the completing and making good the Contract entered into

*	by the said in part recited Articles of Agreement: And Whereas 4 it may hereafter be deemed expedient, with a View the more 4 effectually to extend to the Pariffiioners of the said Parifh of Saint 4 Mary le bone the Benefit of Eccleiiaftical Superintendence, and 4 the Performance of Ecclefiaftical Duties, in relation to such Per-4 fons and Children and others requiring Spiritual Affistance, and 6 the Promotion and Improvement of the religious and moral Habits 4 of the Persons residing therein, that the said Parifh should be 4 divided and formed into ieveral separate and distinct Parifhes, and 4 to make Provifion for the better ordering and Regulation thereof; 4 and it is therefore necessary, with a View to such future Divifion 4 and Improvement of the laid Parifh, that the Nomination to the 4 said perpetual Curacy, and to the several Offices hereinafter men-4 tioned, should be put under the Regulations hereinafter contained ;9 Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said hereinbefore in part recited Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the said Second Day of June in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and feven-teen, shall be and the fame are hereby ratified and confirmed, and made valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to contraCl and agree with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of, and absolutely to make Sale of such or so many or so much of the Royalties, Honours, Hundreds, Manors, Lordfhips or Franchises, or any Rights, Members or Appurtenances thereof or thereto belonging or appertaining, or any Fines, Ifsues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues or Monies arising therefrom, or incident to or recoverable in respect thereof, or any Meffuages, Lands, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Colheries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marfhes or Wafte Lands, or any other Tenements or Hereditaments, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer

Hosted

A.D.181?.

57° GEO. III.

G. 98.

337

'in England, for the best Prices or Confiderations in Money which the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Hand Revenues shall, under the DireHion and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three of them, be able to procure for the? fame, as will raise a Sum fufflcient for payihg the Amount of the said Purchafe Money, or any Inftalments or Inftalment thereof, and the Intereft to be paid or payable in refpeH thereof, and the Ex-pences of such Sale or Sales, and of completing and carrying into Effeft the Contract so entered into by the hereinbefore in part recited Articles of Agreement; and the Monies to arise from such Sale or Sales shall be paid into the Bank of England in manner hereinafter mentioned, and applied by the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, who are for that Purpofe hereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank in the Payment and Difcharge of the Money so to be paid for the Purchafe of the said Premises, with the Intereft thereon, when the fame ftiall become due and payable according to the said Articles of Agreement, or at such other time or times as the said Commissioners shall think expedient, and in discharge of the Expences incurred and to be incurred in the making and completing such Sale or Sales, and in completing the ContraH so made with the said Duke, and in carrying the fame into Execution ; and in the mean time and until the fame yjie Monies shall be required for the Purpofes aforesaid, the Monies ariling from railed to he paid the Sales hereby authorized to be made shall from time to time be into the Bank in paid in manner hereinafter mentioned, into the Bank of England, and Names of be there placed to the Account directed by an AH palled in the ai^nn^c^tl' Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to the Credit of for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the the Woods and Crown and Surveyor General of His Majefly's Woods, Forests, Parks Forefts Fund, as and Chacesy to be railed in the Books of the Governor and Company hy 5° G-3-c. 65. of the Bank, entitled “ The Account of the public Monies of the ^he'Completion “ Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Reve- of the Purchafe. “ nues, being The Woods and Forefls Fund.”

III.	Provided always and be it further enaHed, That no such Con- No ContraH traH shall be made unless by special "Warrant to be issued for that without Warrant Purpofe by the Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners of llom Trealu»yv the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being.

IV.	And be it further enaHed, That whenever the Commissioners When Sales are of His Majesty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time contracted to he being shall have contraHed with any Person or Persons, Body or n’a<j5* ^ur7 Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Royalties, Honours, Certificates ^ Hundreds, Manors, Lordships, Franchifes or any Rights, Members or thereof, and to Appurtenances thereof or thereto belonging or appertaining, or any pay their Pur-Fines, Ifsues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues or Monies ariftng there- chaie MonLes from or incident to or recoverable in refpeH thereof, or of any Mef- into B fuages, Lands, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Colheries, Woods, ™r>h be adjudged Wood Grounds, Fens, Marfhes, Wafte Lands or other Tenements to be in actual or Hereditaments, or any other Revenues under the Authority of Seilin,&c.

this AH to be fold as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall grant to the Purchafer or refpeHive Purchafers thereof a Certificate under their Hands, deferibing the Premifes so agreed to be fold, and the Amount of the Purchafe Money to be paid for the fame, and which 57 Geo* III.	Z	fhall

Hosted

S38

C. 98.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817

Receipt of Pur-chafe Money without Fee. Form of Certificate and Receipt.

Enrolment

thereof.

A Dilcharge to Purchafers.

Not paying Pur-chafe Money into Bank within time limited, or omitting to enrol Certificate. *

shall accordingly be paid into the Bank of England within Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate ; and the Cafhiers of the Bank or One of them shall, upon the Produ&ion of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchafe Monies therein mentioned, and carry the fame to the Account therein specified, and at the Foot or Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the fame, without Fee or Reward ; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall be according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, or as near thereto as the Circumftances of the case will admit ; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall, within Two Calendar Months after the Date of such Certificate, be taken to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the Diftridt within which the Premifes therein described are situate, and be there forthwith enrolled in the proper Books for that Purpofe ; and such Auditor having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt shall attest the fame under his Hand, and shall, upon receiving the usual Fees for such Enrolment, return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchafer or Purchafers, and from and after such Enrolment and thenceforth forever the respective Purchafers, their Heirs or Succeffors or Afsigns, shall by force and virtue of this A6t be and shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be, in the actual Seilin and Poffeffion of the Royalties, Honours, Hundreds, Manors, Lordships, Franchifes or any Rights, Members or Appurtenances thereof or thereto belonging or appertaining, or any Fines, Ifsues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues or Monies arising therefrom or incident to or recoverable in respect thereof, or any Mef-fuages, Lands, Rents, Tithes, Mines,'Minerals, Colheries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marfhes, Wafte Lands or other Tenements or Hereditaments or Revenues to be by them refpedfively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purpofes as His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not taken place ; and every such Certificate shall be respectively witnessed and attested, as to the signing thereof by the said Commissioners, by One of the principal Clerks or other Officers in their Office ; and every such Certificate and Receipt, being enrolled as aforesaid, shall effectually discharge the respective Purchafers to whom the fame shall be given or granted, of and from the Purchafe or Confideration Money therein expressed, and such Purchafers shall never afterwards be liable to be called upon, sued, troubled, molested or questioned for or in respect thereof or any Part thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid shall be granted, shall neglect to pay into the Bank of England the Purchafe or Confideration Money therein to be specified, for the Space of Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate, or shall neglect to enrol such Certificate, and the said Cafhier’s Receipt for the Money, for the Space of Two Calendar Months after the Date of such Certificate, then every such Certificate shall be null and void, and the Confideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time‘being shall, for any reasonable Caufe to them shown for

3*	the

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 98.

339

the-Omiffion of such Enrolment, order the fald Certificate and Receipt to be enrolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such Caufe being shown, they are hereby authorized and empowered to do.

VI.	Provided always and be it further ena61ed, that the Com- Commifiioners miffioners of His Majesty Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues for [jf'^^•[rRe^ the time being shall in every Report which shall be made by them port to The King to The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, and to both Houfes of Par- and Parliament liament, touching or concerning the Land Revenue of the Crown, what Sales have from and after the pafling of this A 61, so long as the Power of Sale been made under given by this A61 shall continue in force, certify and report what jbis Ail, and Part or Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown shall have been been'eS fold under and by virtue of the Provifions of this A 61, since the time applied.

of their making of their last preceding Report, and what Sum and

Sums of Money shall have been railed by means of every such Sale,

and in what manner the fame shall have been applied and disposed of ;

and that when and as soon as the Monies required for the Purpofe of Powers of Sale

paying the said Purchafe Money and completing the said Contraft <Ace'?le w.h.e*?

made with said Duke and the Payment of the Expences aforesaid omesraile

shall have been raised, the said Commifiioners shall certify the fame in

their then next Report ; and when and as soon as the fame shall be fo

raised, all the Powers of Sale hereby given to them shall cease and be

no further exercised.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances, Deeds or Deeds to he en-

Inftruments, whereby the Redlory, Advowfon, perpetual Right of rolled in Office Nomination and Appointment, and other Rights, Chapels, Privileges,	^and^

Hereditaments and Premises,by the said recited Agreement contradled Revenue,

to be purchased, shall be conveyed to His Majesty, His Heirs or Suc-ceflors, or to any Person or Persons in trust for him or them, shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majefty’s Land Revenues for the County of Middlesex, on Payment of the usual Fees such Enrolment, and a Minute or Docket thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues; and every such Conveyance, Good without Deed or Inftrument, when so enrolled and entered, shall, without any Enrolment in Enrolment thereof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or any the Courts, &c. other Enrolment or Regiftry thereof, be as good and available in Law, and of the like Force and Efsect, in all Refpedls and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been or was enrolled in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or as if a Memorial thereof had been entered or registered in the Office appointed for registering Deeds and other Conveyances of Lands and Tenements in the said County of MiddleJ'ex ; any A61 of Parliament, Law, Pra6tice or Ufage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further ena£ted, That no Deed or Writing, Deeds, Con-Conveyance, Mortgage, Affignment or other Inftrument, which shall tracts and other be made, executed or signed, in pursuance of the said recited Articles Inftruments to of Agreement, or for carrying the fame into Execution, nor any Certificate or Receipt, Deed or other Inftrument to be given or jy^y^ amp granted to any Purchafer or Purchafers of any Royalties, Honours,

Hundreds, Manors, Lordships, Mefluages, Lands, Tithes, Rents,

Tenements or other Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold for

the Purpofes aforesaid, shall be iubje6f or liable to any ad valorem or other Stamp Duty whatsoever imposed by any A61 or A6ls of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any

Z 2	future

Hosted

310

If the Curacy become vacant before Provifion made by Parliament fry Regulation of Parifh, no permanent Nomination of n new Curate shall be made without the Confent of Parliament.

The Duties to be performed by a Pei Ton appointed by The King, and the Tithes and other Dues to be collected, recovered and received by the Duke until, &c.

Title to Re&ory approved, and then by Perl'on appointed by the Com misti oners with the Approbation of the Treasury.

Monies paid into the Bank of England.

C.9S,	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1817-

future Adi or Adis of Parliament, unless the fame be specially subjected thereto and specifically charged therewith in and by such future Add or Adis of Parliament.

IX- And be it further enacted. That in case the said perpetual Curacy of the said Parifh of Saint Mary le bone shall become vacant by the Death, Cefiion, Deprivation or other Avoidance of the said Luke Hejlop, or of any fueceeding Curate, after the palling of this Adi, and before Provilion shall be made by any other Adi or Adis of Parliament for the dividing or better ordering and Regulation of the said Parifh) no permanent Nomination of any Person to the said Curacy shall be made without the Confent of Parliament; but all Ecclefiaflical Duties which the Curate of the said Parilh of Saint Mary le bone for the time being would have been bound to perform if this Adi had not been made, shall be done, discharged and performed by a fit and proper Person to be appointed by His Majessy, His Heirs or Succeffors, such Appointment to be by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by the Commissioners of His Majefly’s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or any Three of them lor the time being ; which Person so to be appointed shall continue to discharge the Duties of -the said Curacy until Provifion shall be made by some future Adi or Adis of Parliament for the Regulation of the said Parifh, unless the said Curacy shall sooner become again vacant, by the Death, Cefiion or other Avoidance of the Person so appointed, in which case some other Person shall be in like manner appointed to succeed thereto, and so from time to time as often as any Vacancy shall occur, until such Provifion as aforesaid shall be made for the permanent Regulation of the said Parifh, and the Performance of the Duties of the said Curacy ; and that in the mean time the Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues belonging to the said Curacy, or thence ariling, or payable in respect thereof, shall be received, taken and collected by the said Duke or his Heirs, or such Person or Persons as he or they fiiall appoint, subject to the Provi-fions of the said Agreement, until the Title to the said Redloty and Premifes fiiall be accepted and approved, and such Conveyances thereof as in the said Agreement mentioned shall be executed ; and from thenceforth the fame Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues shall be received, taken and collected by such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues for the time fiiall, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners for the time being of Plis Majefly’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for that Purpofe appoint ; and the Monies to be produced thereby or collected therefrom shall be from time to time paid into the Bank of England, and be there placed to the Account of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, to be held by him or them, or invested in the Public Funds, until the further Difpofal thereof shall be directed and appointed by any such future Adi or Adis of Parliament as aforesaid; and the Commissioners of His Majelly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues for the time being shall have and they are hereby invested with all such Powers and Authorities to sue for, enforce and compel Payment of the said Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and other Revenues, in the Name of the Person by whom the said Duty or Office of Curate fiiall be performed, in such and the like manner, and by the

fame

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.98#

Ml

fame Process, Suit or Means, as the Curate for the time feeing of the •faid Parifh could or might have had or used in case this A£l had not been made, and as if such Person had been duly nominated and was in Fa£t and in Right the permanent or perpetual Curate of the said Pari Hi.

X.	Provided aifo, and be it further enabled, That it shall and may fee lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, out of the Monies to be received for such Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues as aforesaid, to allow and pay such Sums of Money as to him or them shall appear a competent Salary to the Person so nominated by them to execute for the time being the Duties of Curate of the said Parifh, and also to the Person who shall be so appointed to collect or receive the said Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Chapels shall become vacant, by the Death, Ceffion, Deprivation or other Avoidance of any of the Minifters thereof, or in case any Vacancies shall occur either in the said Parifh Church or in any or either of the said Chapels, in the Offices of Sexton, Clerk or any other Office of, in, or to which the said Duke has the Right of Nomination or Appointment, after the palling of this Aft, and before the making of such Provision for the permanent Regulation of the said Parifh by Parliament as aforesaid, that then and in every such case (except in the case of Brunswick Chapel> and also except in the case of any Vacancy in Welbeck Chapel, to be occasioned by the Death, Ceffion or Deprivation^of the present Curate or Minifter thereof, if the said Thomas White shall be then alive and deiirous of being nominated thereto, in which case the said Duke or his Heirs is and are to be at Liberty to nominate the said Thomas White to be the Curate or Minifter of such last mentioned Chapel, no permanent Appointment of any Minifter, Clerk, Sexton or other Officer, to supply any such Vacancy (except as aforesaid) shall be made ; but His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, shall have full Power and Authority to appoint fit and proper Persons to execute the Offices so becoming vacant, until such Provifion shall be made by Parliament for the permanent Regulation of the said Parilh as aforesaid, such Appointment to be by Warrant under the Hands of any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom for the time being; and all the Rents, Profits and Revenues arising and accruing from the said Chapels, shall be taken, received and collected by the said Duke or his Heirs, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, fubjeCl to the Provifions of the said Agreement, until the Title to the said ReCtory and Premifes shall be accepted and approved, and such Conveyances thereof as in the said Agreement mentioned shall be executed ; and from thenceforth the fame shall be received, taken and colleCl'ed by such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of His Majesty ?s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being shall (by and with the Confent and Approbation of the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them) for that Purpofe appoint; and the Surplus of the Monies arising therefrom, after Payment of the Salaries or Stipends of the several Curates or Minifters of the said Chapels, and of the several Officers of the said Parifli Church and Chapels to whom Salaries or Stipends shall be payable,

Z 3	fhall

Salary to officiating Minilter.

No permanent Nomination of any new Curates or Minifters to any of the said Chapels, nor of any new Officers, to be made until such new-Re-gulations shall take place, except as to the Nomination of Mr. White ,to Welbeck Chapel, and except as to Brunswick Chapel ;

and Profits of Chapels received by the Duke ;

and then by Per* Ions appointed by the Cornmif* fioners with tha Approbation of the Treasury.

342

C. 98.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

If Vacancies happen before the Title be approved or the Conveyances executed, the Duke, with the Approbation of the Treasury, is to nominate the Persons tofupply fucli Vacancies. *

If the Title to the Rectory be not accepted, the Duke is to have and enjoy the fame Right as if the fjid Agreement had never been executed, or this Ait patted.

General Saving.

Hi all be paid into the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Treasury for the time being, to be held by them, or invested in the fame Way as hereinbefore directed with regard to the Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues of the said Curacy of the said Parifh of Saint Mary le lone.

XII.	Provided and it is hereby further enabled and declared, That in case any such Vacancy as aforesaid shall happen in the Curacy of the said Parifh, or in any of the said Chapels or Offices (except as aforesaid), by the Death, Ceffion, Deprivation or other Avoidance of the Curate, Minifter or any of the said Officers for the time being, before the Title of the said Duke or his Heirs to the said Rectory shall be accepted and approved, and before the Conveyances so agreed to be executed thereof as aforesaid shall be executed, that then and in such case the Person or Persons to be appointed to supply every such Vacancy shall be nominated by the laid Duke or his Heirs, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the said Lord High Trea-surer, or the said Commifiioners for the time being of His Majefly’s Treasury, or any Three of them ; but all such Persons shall be liable to be difeontinued and removed by the said Lord High Treasurer, 'or the said Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Treasury, or any Three of them, immediately or at any time after the said Title shall be so approved and accepted, and the Conveyances aforesaid shall be so executed as aforesaid.

XIII.	Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That in case the Title of the said Duke or his Heirs to the said Rettory and Premifes shall not be accepted and approved, and that by reason thereof or for any other Caufe the Contract for the Pur-chafe thereof shall be annulled or not carried into Execution, that then and in such case the said Duke and his Heirs shall thenceforth have and enjoy all such Right of Nomination, and other Rights, Powers and Privileges, in, to and over the Redlory, Chapels and other Offices, and the Appointment of the Curate, Miniflers and other Officers aforesaid, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes as if the said Agreement had never been executed, or this present A 61 had never been passed ; and that then and from thenceforth all the Reflri6tions and Provifions herein contained, touching the Nomination of the Curate, Miniflers and other Officers, shall cease, determine and be no longer of any Force or Effe6l ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV.	Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators and Affigns respectively, except the said Duke of Portlands his Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators and Afsigns, all such Rights, Titles and Interests, Privileges, Powers and Authorities in the Premises, as they or any of them could have had, exercised or enjoyed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this A61 had not been made ; any thing herein^ before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

SCHEDULE to which this A£l refers.

FORM of Certificate of Contracts to be made by the Commifliopers of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues.

BY the Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues : These are to certify, That in pursuance of a Warrant

from

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 98,. 99.

343

from the Right Honourable the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Trea-fury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing Date the	Day	of	A.	B. and C. D.

two of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for and on behalf of The King’s Mod: Excellent Majesty, have contracted and agreed with E. F. of	for	the Sale

to the said E. F. of all [here defer ibe the Premifes to he fold, and any fuhfijling Grants, Leafes or Contracts ajfcding the famej at or for the Price or Sum of	of	lawful Money of Great Britain

to be paid by the said E. F. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being “ The Woods and Forefts Fund and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum into the Bank in manner as aforesaid, and the Enrolment of this Certificate and the Receipt for the said Purchafe Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforesaid, and thenceforth for ever, the said E. F. and his, her or their Heirs [or Succeffors, as the case may bef] or Afsigns, Hi all be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seifin and Poffeffion of the Hereditaments and Premifes so by him [her or them] pur-chafed, and ffiall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under Him or them, [if subject to any Grant, Leafe or Contrary then add <( save and except the Person or Persons claiming under the said Grant Leafe or Contradi,” as the case may be~], and in as full and as ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes as His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not been made. Given under their Hands this Day of	in	the	Year	of our Lord

Signed by the above named

in the Prefence of

FORM OF RECEIPT.

RECEIVED, the	Day

of and from E. F. the Sum of	of

lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Confideration Money menr tioned in the above [or within] written Certificate.

Witnefs my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed)	Caffiier.

CAP. XCIX.

An Adi to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms*, and for enforcing the Refidence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices j and for the Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates in England.

[loth July 1817.] c TY7HEREAS an Adi passed in the Twenty first Year of the aiH.S.c^f * VV Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled ( An Ad againf Pluralities of Benefices % taking of Farms by Spiritual

Z 4?	«	Men} 'v *

Hosted

344

C.99.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181?.

38 H.8. c.13.

13 Eliz. c. 20.

1 4 F.liz. c. 11. 18 Eliz. c. 11. 43 Eliz. c. 9.

3 C. 1. c.4.

43 G- 3* c. 84.

43 g-3- c. 109.

12 Ann. Stat. 7,

C. 12*

36 G.3. c. 83.

53 G* 3- c.149-

Recited Ails repealed.

fifi /®S5. 94/

*	TlLvi, /br Refidence: And Whereas another A 61 pasted in the 4 Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King Henry <■ the Eighth, intituled An A8 for compelling Spiritual Persons to 4 keep Refidence upon their Benefices : And Whereas another A6t 4 was paftid in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty

*	Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Aft touching Eecfes of Benefices, and 4 Ecclfafical Livings with Cure : And Whereas Three several A6Ts 4 passed in the Fourteenth, Eighteenth and Forty third Years refpecT 4 tively of the Reign of Her said Majesty Queen Elizabeth, for ex^ 4 plaining and amending the said recited A6T of the Thirteenth Year 4 aforesaid ; and which were made perpetual by an A£t passed in the 4 Third Year of the Reign of Flis Majesty King Charles the First, 4 intituled An Aft for the Continuance and Repeal of divers Statutes ; 4 And Whereas another A61 was' passed in the Forty third Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to amend the 4 Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for en-

*	forcing the Refidence of Spiritual Perfo.ns on their Benefces in

*	England : And Whereas another ACt passed in the Forty third 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to 4 rectify a Mifake in an Aft made in this present Session of Parlia-4 ment, intituled 4 An Aft to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual 4 Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Refidence of Spiritual 4 Persons on their Benefces in England, and to remove a Doubt re-4 fpefting the Title of the Statute of the Twenty frf Tear of King Henry 4 the Eighth therein mentioned ft And Whereas an A61 was passed in 4 the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, 4 intituled, An Aft for the better Maintenance of the Curates within 4 the Church of England, and forpreventing any Ecclefaf leal Persons 4 from buying the next Avoidance of any Church Preferment: And 4 Whereas an A61 was passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign 4 of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for the further Support 4 and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for 4 making certain Regulations respecting the Appointment offuch Curates, 4 and the Admiffion of Persons to Cures augmented by Queen Anne’j-4 Bounty, with respect to the Avoidance of other Benefces : And 4 Whereas another ASt pasted in the Fifty third Year of the Reign 4 of His present Majesty, intituled, An Aft for the further Support 4 arid Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates : And Whereas Doubts 4 have arisen upon the Conftrudfion of some of the Provifions of the 4 said A6Ts; and it is therefore necessary that such Provifions of the 4 said Acls should be explained, and other Provifions made, and 4 that the several Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of 4 Farms, and to buying and felling, and for enforcing of Refidence 4 and the Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates, should be consolidated 4 in one ASt ft May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cop Tent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this A Sty so much of the said several recited A6Ts pasted in the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth, and so much of the said Afis of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, and of the said recited A61 of His Majesty King Charles the First, as relates to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and to Leafes of Benefices and Livings,

*	"	and

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.99.

345

and to buying and felling, and to Refidence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices; and also so much of the said recited Adi of Her Majesty Queen Anne, and of the said recited Adi of the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and making Pro-vifion for appointing Stipends for such Curates, and all the said several other recited Adis puffed in the Reign of His present Majesty, /hall be and the fame are respectively hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Adi it shall not be lawful for any Spiritual Person having or holding any Dignity, Prebend, Canonry, Benefice or any Stipendiary Curacy or Ledlureship, to take to farm, for Occupation by himself, by Lease, Grant, Words or otherwise, for Term of Life or Term of Years, or at Will, any Lands, exceeding in Amount in the whole Eighty Acres, for the Purpofe of occupying or using or cultivating the fame, without the Confent in Writing of the Bifhop of the Dio-cefe in which such Dignity, Canonry, Prebend, Benefice, Stipendiary Curacy or Ledlurefhip shall be locally situate, specially given for that Purpofe ; and every such Permifiion to any Spiritual Person to take to farm, for the Purpofe of occupying the fame, any greater Quantity of Land than Eighty Acres, shall specify the Number of Years, not exceeding Seven, for which the Permifiion is given ; and every such Spiritual Person as aforesaid who fiiall, without such Permifiion as aforesaid, take to farm any greater Quantity of Land than Eighty Acres, fiiall forfeit for every Acre of Land above the Quantity of Eighty Acres so taken to farm, the Sum of Forty Shillings for each and every Year during or in which he fiiall so occupy, use, cultivate or farm such Land contrary to the Provifions of this Adi, to be recovered by and to the Ufe of any Person who may inform and sue for the fame.

III.	And be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person having or holding any Dignity, Prebend, Canonry, Benefice, Stipendiary Curacy or Ledlureship, fiiall by himself, or by any other for him or to his Ufe, engage in or carry on any Trade or Dealing for Gain or Profit, or deal in any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, by buying and felling for Lucre, Gain or Profit, in any Market, Fair or other Place, upon pain of forfeiting the Value of the Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, by him or by any to his Ufe, bargained and bought to fell again contrary to the Provifions of this Adi ; and that every Bargain and Contradl so made by him, or by any to his Ufe, in any such Trade or Dealing, contrary to this Adi fiiall be utterly void and of none Effedl ; and the one Half of every such Forfeiture fiiall go to His Majesty, and the other Half to him that will sue for the fame.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained in relation to being engaged in Trade or Dealing, or buying or felling, fiiall extend or be construed to extend to, or to fubjetft to any Penalty or Forfeiture, any Spiritual Person for keeping a School or Seminary, or acting as a Schoolmafter or Tutor or Inftrudlor, or being in any manner concerned or engaged in giving Inftrudlion or Education for Profit or Reward, or for buying or felling, or doing any other Adi, matter or thing in the Condudl of, or carrying on, or in relation to the Management of any such School, Seminary or Employment; or to any Spiritual Person whatever, for the buying

Spiritual Persons talcing to farm for Occupation above Eighty Acres without Confent of Bi(hop.

What such Cort-fent is to express.

Penalty.

Spiritual Person beneficed, or performing Ec-clefiaftical Duty, engaging in Trade, &c.

Penalty,

and Contra&s void.

Provifo fcr Spiritual Persons engaged in keeping Schools, or as Tutors,&c.’ m reipect of any thing done, or any buying or felling in such Employment; and for felling any thing bona fide bought for

C. 99.

5 T GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

the Ufe of the Family ; or occupying any Glebe, Sic.

Nou Refidence.

Penalties according to time.

Where noHoufe belonging to Benefice, Sec. Refidence within Limits of ParilB, Sec. legal Refidence.

of any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or Articles or things of any Description, which shall, without Fraud or Covin, be bought, to the Intent and Purpose, at the buying thereof, to be used and employed by the Spiritual Person buying the fame for his Family or in his Houfehold, and after the buying of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or Articles or things, the felling the fame again, or any Parts thereof, which such Person may not want or choose to keep, although the fame shall be fold at any advanced Price beyond that which may have been given for the fame ; or for any buying or felling again for any Lucre, Gain or Profit of any manner of Cattle or Corn, or other matters or things whatever, necessary, proper or convenient to be bought, fold, kept or maintained by any Spiritual Person, or any other Person for him, or to his Ufe, for the Occupation, Manuring, Improving, Paflurage or Profit of any Glebe, Demesne, Farms, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which may be lawfully held and occupied, possessed or enjoyed by such Spiritual Person, or any other for him or to his Ufe : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize any such Spiritual Person to fell any Cattle or Corn, or other matters or things as aforesaid, in Person, in any Market, Fair or Place of public Sale.

V.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this A61 every Spiritual Person holding any Benefice, who shall, without any such Licence or Exemption as is in this A6I allowed for that Purpose, wilfully absent himself therefrom for any Period exceeding the Space of Three Months together, or to be accounted at several times in anyone Year, and make his Refidence and Abiding at any other Place or Places except at some other Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry of which he maybe polfelTed, shall, when such Abfence shall exceed such Period as aforesaid, and not exceed Six Months, forfeit and pay One third of the Annual Value (deducing therefrom all Outgoings, except any Stipend paid to any Curate) of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry from which he shall so absent himself as aforesaid ; and when such Abfence shall exceed Six Months and not exceed Eight Months, one Half of such Annual Value ; and when such Abfence shall exceed Eight Months, Two Thirds of such Annual Value ; and when such Abfence shall have been for the whole of the Year, Three Fourths of such Annual Value, to be recovered by A6tion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Sellions in Wales, wherein no Elfoign, Privilege, Protedlion or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed ; and the whole of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the fame, together with such Cofls of Suit as shall be allowed, according to the Pradlice of the Court in which such A6tion shall be brought.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Person having any Benefice, and who shall not have any House of Refidence thereon, and who shall have resided Nine Months in the Year within the Limits of his Benefice, or within the Limits of the City, Town, Place or Parifh in which his Benefice may be situated, provided such last mentioned Refidence be within the Diftance of Two Miles from the Church or Chapel of his Benefice, shall not be liable to any Penalties

on

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 99.

34/

on account of Non Refidence, nor be obliged to take out any Licence in respect thereof, but that the fame shall be deemed a legal Refidence to all the Intents and Purpofes of this Aft ; and in all Returns made by the Bishops, Persons so residing shall be returned as resident.

4 VII. And Whereas the Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty In what cgfe 4 have in some Inftances purchased and may hereafter purchase Houles purchaf-4 Houfes not situate within the Parifhes for which they are purchased,

4 but so contiguous as to be sufficiently convenient and suitable for £0~nty 4 the Refidence of the officiating Minifters thereof;’ Be it therefore deemed Refi-enabled, That such Houses, having been previously approved by the dences.

Bifhop by Writing under his Hand and Seal, and duly registered in the Regiftry of the Diocefe, shall be deemed Houfes of Refidence appertaining to such Benefices to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That in all cases of Re&ories Re&oric-shaving having Vicarages endowed, the Refidence of the Vicar in the Reftory Vicarages en-Houfe shall be deemed a legal Refidence to all Intents and Purpofes dowe * whatever ^provided that the Vicarage House be kept in proper Repair, to the Satisfaction of the Bifhop.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Power in Bifhop

Bishop, in every case in which there shall not be a House of Refidence ^	^

belonging to any Benefice within his Diocefe, to allow and adjudge to°he%refer-ne any fit House within the Limits of such Benefice and belonging ment to ^e a thereto, or any fit House belonging thereto not within the Limits, House of Rebut so contiguous as to be sufficiently convenient for the Purpose, fidence.

to be the House of Refidence thereof; and such Allowance and Adjudication in Writing under the Hand and Seal of such Bifhop shall thereupon be registered in the Regiftry of the Diocefe from time Such Allowance to time; and such House shall thenceforth be deemed the House of t0 registered. Refidence for the time being to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

X.	And be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person, being In what case the Chancellor, Vice Chancellor or Commifiary of either of the Univer- following Per-fities of Oxford or Cambridge, or being Warden, Dean, Provoft, £ons exempted President, Redlor, Principal, Mafter or other Head Ruler of any Col- fo^No^Refi-lege or Hall within the said Univerfities, and no Spiritual Person deuce, having or holding any Profefforfhip or any public Readerfhip in Chancellor,&c. either of the said Univerfities, being actually resident within the Pre- in theUniver-cindlsof the Univerfity and reading Lectures therein ; and no Scholar **tles»

under the Age of Thirty Years, abiding for Study without Fraud at either of the said Univerfities ; and no Chaplain of the King’s or RoyalChapiains; Queen’s Most Excellent Majesty, or of any of the King’s or Queen’s Children, Brethren or Sifters, during so long as he shall actually attend in the Difcharge of his Duty as such Chaplain in the House -hold to which he shall belong ; and no Chaplain of any Archbifhop or Chaplains of Bishop, or of any Temporal Lord of Parliament, or of any other Per- Veers, &c.; son or Persons authorized by Law to appoint any Chaplain or Chaplains, during so long as such Chaplain or Chaplains shall abide and dwell and daily attend in the actual Performance of his Duty as such Chaplain in the Houfehold to which he shall so belong ; and no Spi- Chaplain of the ritual Person actually serving as a Chaplain of the House of Com-	of	^onl‘

mons, or as Clerk of His Majefty’s Clofet, or as a Deputy Clerk clerk of the thereof, or a Clerk of the Clofet of the Heir Apparent, or as a De- Clofet; puty Clerk thereof, or as a Chaplain General of His Majefty’s Forces Chaplains in the by Sea or Land, or Chaplain of His Majefty’s Dock Yards, while Forces and Dock such Spiritual Person shall be actually attending and performing the ards>

Duties

Hosted

C. 99;

57" GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Chaplains of Ambalfndors, &c. abroad ,

Duties of such Office refpe£tively ; or as a Chaplain in the Houfe-hold of any British AmbaiTador residing abroad, during the time of his performing the Duties of such his Office ; or as Chancellor or Vicar General, or as Commiflary, whilst exercising the Duties of their Offices respectively ; or as an Archdeacon, while upon Vifitations or other-wife engaged in the Exercife of his Functions ; and no Spiritual Per-fon being a Minor Canon or Vicar Choral, or Prieft Vicar, or any such other Public Officer, in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, during the times for which such Spiritual Person shall actually reside within the Precinfts of the Cathedral or Collegiate Church to which he shall belong, or within the City or Town in which the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church is fituateor the Suburbs thereof, and shall actually perform the Duties of his Office ; or as a Dean or Subdean, or Prieft or Reader, in any of His Majefty’s Royal Chapels at Saint James's or Whitehall, or as a Reader in His Majefty’s Private Chapels at Windfor or elsewhere, whillt residing and actually performing the Duty of any such Office refpe£tively ; or as a Preacher in any of the Inns of Court or at the Rolls ; or as Burfar, Treaiurer, Dean, Vice President, Subdean or Public Tutor or Chaplain, or other such Public Officer in any College or Hall in either of the Univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge, during the Period for which he may refpe6lively be required, by reason of any such Office, to reside and perform the Duties of any such Office, and actually shall reside and perform the Duties of the fame ; or as Public Librarian or Public Regiftrar or Prodlor, or Public Orator or other such Public Officer, in either of the said Univerfities, during the Period for which he may relpe6lively be required by reason thereof to reside and perform the Duties of any such Office, and actually shall reside and perform the Duties of the fame ; or as Fellow of any College in either of the Univerfities, during the time for which he may be required to reside by any Charter or Statute, and shall actually relide therein ; or as Warden, Provoft or Fellow of Eton or Winchejler Coliege, or the Mafter of the Charter House, during the time for which he may be required so to reside and shall actually reside therein respectively ; or within the City or Town or Suburbs of the City or Town within or near to which the said Colleges are refpediively situate ; or as a Mailer or Ufher in the said Colleges of Eton or Winchejler, or as a Mailer or Ufher of Wejlmirjler Principal, &c. of School, or as Principal or Profeffor of the East India College ; or who the East India shall be specially exempt from Refidence under the Provifions of College.	any	or	Gf	Parliament	not	repealed	by this A61, shall be

liable to any of the Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures in this A 61 contained, for or on account of any Non Refidence, during any such Period as aforesaid, on any Benefice; but every such Spiritual Person shall, with refpe£t to Refidence under this A61, be entitled to account such Period as if he had legally resided on some other Benefice ; any thing in this A61 contained to the contrary notwith-flanding.

XI. And be it further ena6led, That it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person being Dean, during such time as he shall reside upon his Deanery, or being Prebendary or Canon, or holding any other Dignity or Dignities in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church or Churches, who shall reside any Period not exceeding Four Months altogether within the Year upon such Dignity or Dignities, to account such Refidence as if he had legally resided on some Benefice:

Provided

Archdeaeons;

Minor Canons, &c.;

Dean, Sec. at St. James’s or Whitehall; Reader in the King’s Private Chapels; Preacher in Inns of Court or the Rolls; Burfars,&c. of College ;

Public Librarian, Sec, in the Univerfities ;

Fellows of Colleges ;

Warden, Scc. of Westminster and Eton and Win-chefter ;

Mafter of the Chalter Houle;

Provifo for Dignitaries residing at Cathedral Churches, &c. for certaiu Periods.

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 99.

319

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person having or holding any Prebend, Canonry or Dignity in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, in which the Year for the Purpofes of Refi-dence is accounted to commence at any other Period than the First of January, and who may keep the Periods of Refidence required for Two fucceftive Years at such Cathedral or Collegiate Church, in whole or in part, between the First of January and the Thirty first of December in any One Year, to account such Refidence, although exceeding Four Months in the Year, as reckoned from the First of January to the Thirty first of December, as if he had legally resided on some Benefice ; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which any Benefice shall be locally situate to license any longer Period of Non Refidence upon any such Benefice of any Prebendary, Canon or other Person holding any Dignity in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, in any case in which it shall appear to such Bishop, from his own Knowledge, if such Cathedral or Collegiate Church is locally situate within his own Diocefe, or if not, by the Certificate of the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which the Cathedral or Collegiate Church shall be locally situate, to be required for the Performance of any Duties in any such Cathedral or Collegiate Church; provided that every such Spiritual Person shall during such Period reside on such Prebend, Canonry or Dignity.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person appointed to any Prebend, Canonry or Dignity in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church before the pafling of this Ad, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Non Refidence upon any Benefice during the Period of his actually residing upon such Prebend, Canonry or Dignity.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Person having any House of Refidence upon his Benefice, who shall not reside thereon, shall, during such Period or Periods of Non Refidence, whether the fame shall be for the Whole or Part of any Year, keep such House of Refidence in good and fuificient Repair ; and that every such Spiritual Person who shall not keep such House of Refidence in Repair, and who shall not, upon Monition ifiued by the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which the fame shall be locally situate, put the fame in Repair, according to the Requifition of such Monition, withiu the time specified therein, to the Satisfadion of the Bifhop of the Diocefe, and to be certified to the Bifhop upon such Survey and Report as shall be required by the Bifhop in that behalf, shall be liable to all Penalties for Non Refidence, notwithstanding any Exemption or Licence, during the Period of such Ploufe of Refidence remaining out of Repair, and until the fame shall have been put in good and fufftcient Repair, to the Satisfadion of the Bifhop of the Diocefe.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Ad it shall be lawful for any Bishop, upon Application made for that Purpose, by Petition in Writing, by any Spiritual Person, or by any fit and proper Person on behalf of any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice locally situated within his Diocefe, upon such Proofs as to any Fads stated in any such Petition as any such Bifhop may think necefiary, and shall require by Affidavit made

before

Cafes In which the Year of Re-fidence at Cathedrals commences at any other Period than the ift of January.

Bifhop may Li-cenle for a longer Period, if the Duties of a Cathedral or Collegiate Church require it.

Provilb for Prebendaries, See. appointed before this Ad.

Perforis having House of Refidence on their Benefice, and not keeping it in Repair,

yvUerf) ■

Penalty,

Bifhop may grant Licences for Non Refidence in cettain cases enumerated,

Hosted

350

C.99.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.IB17.

before any Ecclefiaftical Judge or his Surrogate, or any Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate, or any Mafter Extraordinary in Chancery (which Oath any such Ecclefiaftical Judge or Surrogate or Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate, or Mafter Extraordinary in Chancery, is hereby authorized and required to administer), to grant in such cases as are in this ACt enumerated, in which, upon due Confideration of all the Circumftances stated in any such Application, and verified to the Satisfadtion of the Bifhop as aforesaid, such Bifiiop shall in his Difcretion think it fit to grant the fame, a Licence in Writing under his Hand, expressing the Caufe of granting the fame to such Spiritual Person to reside out of the Paristi, or out of the proper House of Refidence of his Benefice, for the Purpofe of exempting such Person from any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture in respect of any Non Refidence thereon ; (that is to fay), to any Spiritual Person who shall be prevented from residing in the proper House of Refidence, or in the Parifh, by any actual lllnefs or Infirmity of Body of himself, or of his Wife or Child, making Part of and residing with him as Part of his Family; and also to any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice whereupon or wherein there shall be no House of Refidence, or where the House of Refidence shall be unfit for the Refidence of such Spiritual Person, such Unfitnefs not being occasioned by any Negligence, Default or other Mifcondudl of such Spiritual Person, and inch Spiritual Person keeping such House of Refidence in Repair to the Satisfaction of the Bishop; and also to any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, and occupying in the Parifh of the fame refpeCtively any Manfion or Mef-fuage, to reside in such Manfion or Meffuage, such Spiritual Person keeping the House of Refidence, and other Buildings belonging thereto, in good and sufficient Repair and Condition, and producing to the Bifhop Proof to his Satisfaction, at the time of granting and renewing any such Licence, of such good and sufficient State of Repair ; and also to any Spiritual Person having or holding any Be nefice of small Value, and serving as a licensed Stipendiary Curate elsewhere, and providing for the serving of such his Benefice, to the Satisfaction of such Bifiiop ; and also to any Mafter or Ufher of any endowed'School duly licensed by the Bishop, and actually employed in teaching therein ; and also to any Mafter or Preacher of any Hofpital or incorporated Charitable Foundation during the Period for which he may be required to reside by any Charter or Statute of any such Hofpital or incorporated Charitable Foundation, or by any other lawful Authority in the fame, and shall aCtually reside and perform his Duties therein ; or to any Person holding any endowed LeCtureship, or endowed Chapelry, or endowed Preachership, and performing and executing the Duties thereof refpeCtively, with the Licence of the Bifhop in whose Diocefe he shall so officiate ; or to any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice of small Value, and serving as Preacher in any Proprietary Chapel, in any City or Town, with the Licence of the Bifhop in whose Diocefe he shall so officiate ; or to any Spiritual Person aCtually serving as Chaplain in any of His Majefty’s Garrifons, or as Chaplain to the Royal Military Afylum at Chclsea, or Royal Military College at Sand-hurjl, or as Teacher of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich, or as Chaplain at either of the Royal Hofpitals at Greenwich or Chelsea, or as Chaplain to either of the Royal Hofpitals for Seamen

at

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C .99.

351

at Haflar or Plymouth, or as Chaplain to the Naval Afylum, or in His Majeily's Navy, or as Chaplain of His Majefty’s Gaol of Newgate, or of the Penitentiary at Milhanh, or as Chaplain of any BritiJJj Factory, or as principal Surrogate or Official in any Ecclefiaftical Court of any Diocefe, or as a Librarian of the British Mufeum, or of Sion Coliege, or as one of the Trustees of Lord Crewe’s Charity, during the time of personal Attendance on the Duties of such Office respectively : Provided always, that the Spiritual Person ]7ee for Li-obtaining any such Licence fhali pay to the Secretary or Officer of cences. the Bifhop the Sum of Ten Shillings, exclusive of and over and above the Stamp Duty chargeable thereon, and no more: Provided also, Appeal to Arcb-that if any Spiritual Person applying to any Bifhop for any such biihop on refusal Licence fhali think himself aggrieved by the Refufal thereof, it fhali BlfhoP be lawful for such Spiritual Person to appeal to the Archbifhop of lcence* the Province, who fhali forthwith, either by himself, or some Com-miffioner or Commissioners appointed from among the other Bifhops of his Province, under his Hand, make or cause to be made Inquiry into the fame, and by Writing signed by himself confirm such Refufal, or grant a Licence under this A6t, as shall seem just and proper :

Provided always, that in every such case the Spiritual Person so ap- Security on Appealing fhali give Security to the Bifhop for the Payment of such peal for Pay-reafonable Expences occasioned by the Appeal as the Archbifhop or ment ofEx-his Commiffioner or Commissioners fhali award.	pences.

XVI.	And be it further ena<sted, That it fhali be lawful for any In cases not such Bifhop as aforesaid, in any cases not hereinbefore enumerated, hereinbefore in which under all the Circumftances of any such case such Bifhop fhali think it expedient to grant to any Spiritual Person poftefted of g/ant Licences any Benefice a Licence to reside out of the Parifh, or out of the and assign Sa-proper House of Refidence, as the case may be, or 29 the case may laries to Curates appear to such Bifhop to require, and to affign*in any case in which emploved, as a Stipendiary Curate may be employed to do the Duty of such ^ed=ent Spiritual Person, such Salary as he fhali judge fit to appoint, due ex^e Refpedt being had to the Value of such Benefice, and to all other Circumftances of the case : And it fhali also be lawful for any Bishop, in case of the Abfence from the Realm of any Spiritual Person, to grant any such Licence without any Application made for that Pur-pose, and from time to time in any such case to renew any such Licence as he fhali think fit, and in every such case to appoint a Stipendiary Curate in case no Curate duly licensed fhali be then employed in serving such Benefice, and to assign a Salary to such Curate; or if any Curate fhali have been and be then so emploved, to assign any additional Salary to such Curate ; and in every and any of such cales to cause such Salaries to be paid by Sequeftration of the Profits of the Benefice : Provided always, that in every such Reafons for case respectively, the Nature and Special Circumftances thereof, and granting such the Reafons that have induced such Bifhop to grant such Licence as Licences to be aforesaid, fhali be forthwith transmitted to the Archbifhop of the ti^^rchblfho Province to which such Bifhop fhali belong, who fhali forthwith by for Examination himself, or by some Commiffioner or Commissioners appointed for and Allowance* that Purpofe from among the Bifhops of such Province, by Writing under his Hand, which Commiffioner or Commissioners is and are thereupon authorized to take upon himself or themselves the Exe-«ution of the said Commission, examine into such case, and make such Inquiries as to any Particulars relating thereto, as such Archbifhop

Hosted

352

€.99.

5?° GEO. III.

No such Licence good until so allowed.

In what case only Licences void by Death, &c. of Grantor.

Application for Licence to be in Writing and fhgned, and to ftote certain Particulars.

Otherwife Bifhop not to grant such Licence.

By whom Licences may be granted while a See is vacant, or Bifhop disabled, &c.

A.D. 181/,

bishop or Commiffioner or Commissioners so appointed as aforesaid may think necessary ; and after such Inquiries made by himself, or where the fame fKa.ll be made by such Commiffioner or Commissioners, after a Return of the Subfiance thereof in Writing to such Archbishop, such Archbifhop shall thereupon allow or disallow such Licence in the whole or in part, or make any Alteration therein as to the Period for which the fame may have been granted or other-wife, and likewise as to the Stipend afiigned to the Curate, as to such Archbifhop shall seem fit ; and no such Licence shall be good, valid or effectual under this A61, for any Purpofe whatever, unless it shall have been so allowed and approved by such Archbifiiop, such Allowance thereof being signified by the signing thereof by such Archbifhop : Provided always, that it shall not be necessary in such. Licence to specify the Caufe of granting the fame.

XVII.	And be it further ena6led, That no Licence granted under this A6t shall be made void by the Death or Removal of the Bifhop granting the fame, but the fame shall be and remain good and valid notwithstanding any such Death or Removal, unless the fame shall be revoked by the next or any succeeding Bishop, as the case may require.

XVIII.	And be it further ena6ted. That every Application made by or in behalf of any Spiritual Person holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, to the Bifhop of the Diocefe, for any Licence for Non Refidence, shall be in Writing, and shall be signed by the Person making the fame, and shall date whether such Spiritual Person intends to perform the Duty himself, and if he does, where and at what Diftance he intends to reside ; or if he intends to employ a Curate, the Application shall state wha,t Salary he proposes to give to his Curate, and whether the Curate proposes to reside or not to reside in the Parifh ; and if the Curate intends to reside, then whether in the Parfonage House ; and if he docs not intend to reside in the Parifh, then the Application shall slate at what Diftance therefrom, and at what Place such Curate intends to reside ; and whether such Curate serves any other Parifh as Curate or Incumbent, or has any Ecclefiaftical Preferment, or holds any Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or officiates in any other Church or Chapel; and such Application shall also state the gross annual Value of the Benefice in respect of which any Licence for Non Refidence shall be applied for ; and it shall not be lawful for the Bifhop to grant any such Licence, unless the Application shall contain a Statement of the several Particulars aforesaid ; and all such Applications and Specifications shall be kept and filed by the Regiftrar of the Diocefe in a separate Book, which shall be kept and preserved for that Purpose; and such Book shall not be open to public Infpe&ion, or difclosed, or Copies thereof made, except with the Leave in Writing of the Bifliop of the Diocefe.

XIX.	And be it further ena6ted, That during the Vacancy of any See, the Power of granting Licences under this A6f, fubje6l to the Regulations therein contained, shall be exercised by the Vicar General of the Diocefe ; or in case such Cireumfiances shall arise as shall disable the Bifhop from exercising in Person the Fun6lions of his Office, it shall be exercised by such Person or Persons as is or are lawfully empowered to exercise his general Jurifdi6tioji in the Diocefe.

XX. And

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.99.

353

XX.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for any Bifhop who shall have granted any Licence for Non Refidence as aforesaid, or for any SuccefTor or Succeffors of any such Bishop, to revoke any such Licence in any case in which it may appear to him or them proper and expedient to revoke the fame: Provided, that any Spiritual Person may appeal against any such Revocation by the Bifhop in like manner as is hereinbefore directed in case of any Refufal of any Licence: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Archbifhop to whom such Appeal shall be made, to order and direct such reasonable Fees and Charges to be paid by any Spiritual Person appealing as aforesaid, in respect of any such Proceedings as aforesaid, as he shall in his Difcretion think fit: Provided also that no Licence for Non Refidence granted under this Adi shall continue in force for more than Three Years from the granting thereof, or after the Thirty first Day of December in the Second Year after the Year in which such Licence is granted.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That every Bifhop who shall grant or revoke any Licence for Non Refidence under this Adi shall and he is hereby required, within One Month after the Grant or Revocation of such Licence, to cause a Copy of every such Licence or Revocation to be filed in the Regiftry of his Diocefe ; and an Alphabetical Lift of such Licences and Revocations shall be made out by the Regiflrar of such Diocefe, and entered in a Book, and kept for the Infpedlfon of all Persons, upon Payment of the Sum of Three Shillings and no more ; and a Copy of every such Licence with respect to any Benefice shall be transmitted by the Spiritual Person to whom the Licence is granted, to the Churchwardens of the Parifh, Townfhip or Place to which the fame relates, within One Month after the Grant of such Licence ; and every Bifhop revoking any Licence shall cause such Revocation to be transmitted to the Churchwardens of the Parifh, Townfhip or Place to which it relates, which Copies shall be by them deposited in the Parifh Chefl; and every Regiflrar who shall neglect to enter the fame shall forfeit for every Negledl of entering any such Licence or Revocation in any such Lift the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered by and for the Ufe of any Person who shall sue for the fame in like manner as any Penalty may be recovered under the Provifions of this Adi ; and a Copy of every such Licence or Revocation shall likewise be produced by the Churchwarden, and publicly read by the Regiflrar or other Officer at the Vifitation of the Ecclefiaftical Diftridl within which the Benefice in respect whereof the Licence shall have been granted, or Revocation made, shall be locally iituate, immediately next succeeding the granting or Revocation thereof.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That every Archbifhop who shall in his own Diocefe grant any Licence or who shall allow or approve, in manner directed by this Adi, any Licence or Licences in any case or cases not enumerated in this Adi, shall annually on or before the Thirty first Day of January in each Year transmit to His Majesty in Council a Lift of all such Licences so granted or allowed or approved respectively as aforesaid in the Year ending on the last Day of December preceding such Thirty first Day of January, and shall in every such Lift specify the Reafons which have induced him to grant, allow or approve the said Licences, together with the Reafons transmitted to him by the Bifhops for granting any fuch

57 Geo. III.	A a	Licences

Licences may be revoked.

Fees may be ordered to be paid by Appellants.

Limiting the time of Licences.

Copies of Licences or Revocations to be filed in the Regiftry of the Diocele, and a Lift: kept for Infpe£tion.

Fee.

Copies transmitted to Churchwardens.

Regiftrar ne-gledsing,

Penalty 51.

Copy publicly read at the firrt Vifitation.

A Lift of Licences allowed by the Arcb-bishop, or granted in his own Diocele, shall be annually transmitted to His Majesty in Couneil, who may revoke Licences, &c.

Hosted

351

C. 99.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Proceedings on iuch Revocation.

^Licence, although revoked, fhnll be deemed valid between the Grant and Revocation.

Licences m their respective Diocefes; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Couneil, by an Order made for that Purpose, to revoke and annul any such Licence ; and if His Majesty in Council shall think lit so to do, such Order shall be transmitted to the Arch-bifhop who shall have granted or allowed or approved such Licence, who shall thereupon cause a Copy of every such Order, made in relation to any Licence so allowed or approved, to be transmitted to the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which such Licence shall have been granted ; and such Bifhop shall cause a Copy of the mandatory Part of the Order to be filed in the Regiftry of such Diocefe, and a like Copy to be delivered to the Churchwardens of the Parifh to which the fame relates, in manner hereinbefore directed as to Revocation of Licences under this Aft ; and every such Archbifhop shall cause a Copy of the mandatory Part of every such Order, made in relation to any such Licence as aforesaid granted by him in his own Diocefe, to be in like manner filed in the Regiftry of his Diocefe, and a like Copy also to be delivered to the Churchwarden of the Parifh to which such Licence shall relate, in manner before mentioned : Provided always, that after such Licence shall have been so revoked by His Majesty in Couneil, the fame shall nevertheless, in all Queftions that shall have arisen or may thereafter arise touching the Non Rehdence of the Spiritual Person to whom the fame shall have been granted, between the Period at which the fame was granted or allowed or approved, and the time at which the fame shall be so revoked as aforesaid, be deemed and taken to be and to have been valid and effectual to all the Intents and Purpofes of this

On or before 2,5th March annually, a Return to be made by Eifhop to His Majesty in Council of every Benefice, with Names of Refi-dents and Non Refidents, &c.

Non Refidents by Exemption without Licence shall yearly notify to the Bifhop of the Diocefe within a certain Period.

Aa.

XXIII. And be it further enaaed, That on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year a Return or Returns shall be made to His Majesty in Council by every Bishop, of the Names of every Benefice within his Diocefe, or subject to his Ju-rifdiaion by virtue of this Aa, and the Names of the several Spi. ritual Persons holding the fame refpeaively who shall have resided, and also the Names of the several Spiritual Persons refpeaively who shall not have resided thereon by reason of any Exemption under or by virtue of this Aa, or by reason of any Licence granted by such Bifhop for any and what Caufe enumerated by this Aa, and also of all Spiritual Persons not having any such Exemption or Licence, who shall not have resided on their respective Benefices, so far as the Bifhop is informed thereof; and also the Names of all Curates licensed to serve any Benefice on which the Incumbent is not refi-dent, and whether the gross annual Value of such Benefice amounts to or exceeds Three hundred Pounds per Annum or not, the Amount of the Curate’s Salary and the Place of his Refidence; and every Spiritual Person who shall be non resident in any Year subsequent to the palling of this A (ft, by reason of Refidence on any other Benefice, or of any Exemption under this A<ft and to entitle him to which it is not necessary to obtain any Licence under this A<ft, shall, within Six Weeks from and after the First Day of January in every following Year, notify the fame in Writing under his Hand to the Bifhop of the Diocefe to whose Jurifdi£tion he is subject by this A6f, or othervvise, in respect of such Benefice, specifying the Nature of such Exemption, and whether the gross annual Value of the Benefice on which he is Non Refident amounts to or exceeds Three 10*	hundred

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 99.

355

hundred Pounds per Annum or not; and every Spiritual Person who shall have more than one Benefice, and who shall reside on one of them, or who shall reside during any Period of the Year on any Dignity, or in the Performance of the Duties of any Office in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, or who shall be Non Refident for any Period of the Year on account of any of the Caufes of temporary Exemption specified in this A61, shall in like manner, and within the like Period in each Year, notify the fame.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That every Spiritual Person Persons negleft-who shall neglect to make such Notification as by this Act is directed

within such Period of Six Weeks as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay au e° x* for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied, by Order of the Bifliop of the Diocefe, by Sequeftration, if not otherwise paid, after Monition to pay the fame, out of the Profits of the Benefice in respect of which he shall neglect to make such Notification, by the Bifhop of the Diocefe to whom the Notification ought to be made, to be applied, as such Bifhop may direct, to useful and charitable Purpofes : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for such Bifhop to remit or order the Repayment of any Part of any such Penalty, in like manner as is allowed by this A61 in cases of Non Compliance with an Order for Refidence.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this A<El con- Aft not toex-tained shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any Spiritual empt from ^etl" Person or Persons from any Canonical or Ecclefiaftical Censures, or ' affedf any Proceedings that shall hereafter be inflituted in any Ecclefiaftical Court in order to cause the fame to be inflicted, in relation to the Non Refidence of any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, who shall not have obtained a Licence according to the Provifions of this A£t, to be absent therefrom, nor have any other lawful Caufe of Abfence: Provided always, that no Proceeding be Cenfure for Non admitted in any Ecclefiaftical Court against any Spiritual Person for Non Refidence not exceeding Three Months in any one Year, at the Suit or Inftance of any Person or Persons other than the Bifhop only of the Diocefe within which the Benefice in refperft whereof Suit of Bifhop. such Non Refidence shall have taken place shall be locally situated ; any thing in any Law or Laws, or Ecclefiaftical Canon or Canons,

to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That in every case in which If any unlicensed it shall appear to any such Bifhop as aforesaid, that any Spiritual ^

Person, having or holding any Benefice, and not being licensed according to this Adi to be absent therefrom, nor having any lawful Caufe of Abfence from the fame, does not sufficiently reside on the fame respectively, it shall be lawful for such Bifhop to iftue or

caufe to be ifiued a Monition to such Spiritual Person forthwith to proceed to and reside thereon, and perform the Duties thereof; and Return to such to make a Return to such Monition within a certain Number of Monition and Days after the ifiuing thereof, so as that in every such case there shall be Thirty Days between the time of delivering such Monition to such Spiritual Person or leaving the fame at his then usual or last Place of Abode, or if not there to be found, with the officiating Minifter or one of the Churchwardens, and also a Copy thereof at the House of Refidence (if any such there be) belonging to such Benefice, to which any such Spiritual Person shall be required by such Monition to proceed and reside thereon, and the

A a 2	time

eruption, Penalty 30I.

Power of Mitigation or remitting by Bifhop.

fure for Non Refidence without Licence.

Refidence not to be in force, nor Proceedings admitted, except at

Person does not sufficiently reside, the Bilhop may issue a Monition.

o;her Proceedings.

Hosted

356

C.98,

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I8I7.

Copy filed, and may be ed.

Fee.

Returns to be made to Monitions, which may be required to be upon Oath.

Where Return shall not be made, or shall not be fatisfac-tory, Bifhopmay order Refidence, and if disobeyed, may sequester the Profits of the Benefice, and direct an Application of the Profit.

Bifhop may within the time herein mentioned remit Part of sequestered Profits.

time specified in such Monition for the Return thereto ; and a Copy of every such Monition shall immediately on the i(Tiling thereof be filed in the Regiftry of such Bifhop’s Court, and shall be open for Infpe&ion on the Payment of Three Shillings and no more ; and the Spiritual Person to whom any such Monition shall be sent under this A<ft shall, within the time specified for that Purpose, make a Return thereto into such Regiftry, to be there filed ; and it shall be lawful for the Bifhop to whom any such Return shall be made, to require such Return or any Fa& contained therein to be verified by the Oath of such Spiritual Person or others, to be taken before some Surrogate or Juftice cf the Peace, or Mafter Extraordinary in Chancery, which Oath any such Surrogate or Juftice of the Peace, or Mafter Extraordinary in Chancery, is hereby authorized and required to administer, on Application being made for that Purpofe ; and in every case where no such Return shall be made, or where such Return shall not state such Reafons as shall be deemed fatisfa<ftory by such Bifhop for the Non Refidence of the Spiritual Perfou to whom such Monition shall have been sent as aforesaid, or where the fame or any'- of the Fa6ts contained therein shall not be so verified as aforesaid when the fame shall have been required, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Bifhop to issue an Order in Writing under his Hand and Seal, to require such Person to proceed to and reside as aforesaid, within Thirty Days after such Order in Writing, or a Copy thereof shall have been delivered or left in like manner as is hereinbefore required as to Monitions ; and in case of Non Comphance, it shall be lawful for such Bifhop to sequester the Profits of such Benefice of such Spiritual Person as aforesaid, until such Order shall be complied with, or such sufficient Reafons for Non Refidence stated and proved as aforesaid ; and to direct, by any Order to be made for that Purpofe under his Hand, and filed as aforesaid, the Application of such Profits, after deducing the necessary Expences of serving the Cure, either in the whole or in such Proportion as he shall think fit, in the first Place, to the Payment of such reasonable Expences as {ball have been incurred in relation to such Mcnition and Sequeftration, and in the next Place towards the Augmentation or Improvement of any such Benefice, or the House of Refidence thereof, or any of the Buildings and Appurtenances thereof, or towards the Improvement of any of the Glebe or Demefne Lands thereof, or to order and direct the fame or any Portion thereof to be paid to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne-) for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, to be applied for the Purpofes of such Augmentation as such Bifhop shall in his Dif-. cretion under all Circumftances think fit and expedient; and it shall ■ also be lawful for any such Bishop, within Six Months after such Order for Sequeftration, or within Six Months after any Money /hall have been actually levied by filch Sequeftration, to remit to any such Spiritual Person any Part or Proportion of such sequestered Profits, or cause the fame or any Part thereof that shall have been paid or directed to be paid to the Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty to be repaid to such Spiritual Person, which Repayment the said Governors are hereby authorized and required, upon an Order under the Hand of any such Bishop, to make out of any Money then in their Hands, or if no Money lliall then be in their Hands, out of the next Money that shall come to their Hands, in any case in which,

by

Hosted

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

G 99.

357

by reason of the subsequent Obedience of any such Spiritual Person to any such Monition or Order, or the stating and proving such sufficient Reafons as aforesaid, such Bifhop shall think the fame proper: Provided always, that when any such Spiritual Person /hall think himself aggrieved by reason of any such Sequeftration issued by any Bishop, it shall be lawful for such Spiritual Person, within one Month after the making any Order for any such Sequeftration as aforesaid, to appeal to the Archbifhop of the Province to which such Bifhop shall belong, who shall forthwith, either by himself or some Commiflioner or Commissioners appointed from among the Bifhops of his Province for that Purpofe under his Hand and Seal, make or cause to be made due Inquiry into the fame, and make such Order therein or relating thereto, or to the Profits that shall be so sequestered as aforesaid, for the Return to such Spiritual Person of the fame or any part thereof, or other wife, as shall under all the Circumftances of the case appear to such Archbifhop (after such Inquiry made by himself or by his Commiflioner or Commissioners, and in the latter case, after the Subftance of such Inquiry shall have been returned in Writing to the said Archbifhop) to be just and proper: Provided always, that the Party so appealing shall give Security to the Bifhop for the Payment of such reasonable Expences occasioned by the Appeal, as the Archbifhop or his Commiflioner. or Commissioners shall award : Provided also, that no such Order for any Sequeftration shall be put in force during such Appear as aforesaid, and until the fame shall be determined.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Person to whom any such Monition or Order in Writing shall be sent as aforesaid under this Aft, who shall be at the time of the issuing thereof absent from Refidence in or upon his Benefice contrary to the Proviftons of this Aft, but who shall in obedience to such Monition or Order forthwith return to due Refidence, and the Profits of whose Benefice shall by reason of such Return not be sequestered, shall nevertheless pay all Cofts, Charges and Expences incurred by reason of the issuing and serving such Monition or Order, to be levied as any Cofts may be levied upon any Spiritual Person by any Bifhop under any of the Proviftons of this Aft.

XXVIII.	And, to the intent effectually to enforce bond Jide Refidence according to the Intent and Meaning of such Monition and Order as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That if any Spiritual Person not licensed under this Aft to be absent from his Benefice, nor having other lawful Caufe of Abfence from the fame, who, after any such Monition or Order as aforesaid, requiring his Refidence, and before or after any such Sequeftration as aforesaid, shall in obedience to any such Monition or Order have begun to reside upon his Benefice, shall afterwards, and before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Commencement of such Refidence, without the Leave of such Bishop, wilfully in the Judgment of such Bifhop absent himself from such Benefice, it shall be lawful for such Bishop, without issuing any other Monition or making any other Order, again to fe-quefter and apply the Profits of such Benefice as before directed by this Aft, for the Purpofe of enforcing the Refidence of such Spiritual Person, according to the true Intent of the original Monition issued by such Bifhop as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Bifhop so to proceed in like cases from time to time as often as

A a 3	Occafion

Appeal aeiinft Sequeltran'on to Archbifhop.

Appellant to give Security tor Payment of Expences.

Persons who shall return to Refidence on Monition to pay Cofts.

If 3ny Person returning to Refidence on Monition shall, before Six Months there-afterjabfent himself, the Bifhop may, without Monition, fe-quefter the Profits of the Benefice.

Hosted

358

C.99.

57° GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1817.

Bifhops empowered to punilli past Non Refidence.

Penalties, for the Recovery of which Monition has been issued, may be remitted by the Bishop; and special Returns made to Archbilhop of the Reafons for such Remillion.

If any Spiritual Person shall continue under Sequeftration Two Years, or incur Three Sequeftrations within that Period, Benefice to become void.

Occalion may require ; provided that in each and every of such cases such Spiritual Person shall be entitled to appeal against such Sequeftration, in such manner and upon such Terms as hereinbefore is and are mentioned touching Appeals respecting Sequeftration, but nevertheless the fame shall be in force during such Appeal.

‘ XXIX. And Whereas it is expedient that Bifhops should be ‘ empowered summarily to punish past Non Refidence, as well as to ‘ compel Refidence in futureBe it therefore enacted, That in all cases in which any Spiritual Person shall have become subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for any Non Refidence, it shall be lawful for the Bifhop within whose Diocefe such Penalty or Forfeiture shall have arisen, to proceed against such Spiritual Person for such past Non Refidence, and to levy the Penalties incurred thereby by Monition and Sequeftration, and to direct the Application thereof in like manner and subject to the fame Regulations, and with like Powers of remitting or ordering the Repayment of any Part of such Penalties, as is directed or allowed in cases of Non Compliance with any Order for Refidence.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any Archbifhop or Bifhop shall think proper, under all the Circum-stances, after proceeding by Monition for the Recovery of any Penalty under this Adi of more than One Third of the Value of any Benefice, for any Non Refidence exceeding Six Months in the Year, to remit the Whole or any Part of any such Penalty, such Archbifhop shall forthwith transmit to His Majesty in Couneil, and such Bifhop shall transmit to the Archbifhop of the Province to which he belongs, a Lift of such cases as have occurred in his or their respective Diocefes, specifying the Nature and special Circumftances of each case, and the Reafons for the said Remifiion, in the same manner as is directed in relation to the Licences for Non Refidence granted in non enumerated Cafes ; and it shall thereupon be lawful for His Majesty in Couneil, or for the said Archbishop, as the case may be, to allow or disallow such Remifiion in whole or in part, in the same manner as is provided in this Adi with relation to the Allowance or the Difallowance of Licences for Non Refidence : Provided always, that the Decifion of the said Archbishop, with respect to cases transmitted to him from any such Bishop, shall be final.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That if the Benefice of any Spiritual Person shall continue for the Space of Two Years under any Sequeftration made under the Provifions of this Adt for Difo-bedience to the Bifhop’s Monition requiring such Spiritual Person to reside on his Benefice, or shall under the Provifions of this Adt incur Three such Sequeftrations in the said Space of Two Years, the Spiritual Person not being relieved with respect to any of such Sequeftrations upon Appeal, the Benefice, in relation to Non Refidence upon which such Sequeftration shall have been made shall become ipso facto void ; and the Bifhop of the Diocefe shall thereupon give Notice thereof to the Patron or Person entitled to pre-sent, who shall thereupon present or nominate some Clerk thereto other than the Spiritual Person whose Benefice shall have so continued under such Sequeftration, or who shall have incurred such Sequeftrations as aforesaid, as if the fame had been avoided by the natural Death or Refignation of such Spiritual Person.

XXXII- And

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 99.

359

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That all Contradfs or Agreements made for the letting of the House of Refidence, or the Buildings, Gardens, Orchards and Appurtenances necessary for the convenient Occupation of the fame, belonging to any Benefice, to which House of Refidence any Spiritual Person shall be required by Order of the Bifhop as aforesaid to proceed and to reside therein, or which shall be afiigned or appointed as a Refidence to any Curate by the Bishop, shall, upon a Copy of such Order, Afiign-ment ot Appointment being served upon the Occupier thereof, or left at the House, be null and void; and a Copy of every such Order, Afiignment or Appointment shall immediately on the issuing thereof be transmitted to one of the Churchwardens of the Parifh, or such other Person as the Bifhop shall think fit, and be by him forthwith served on the Occupier of such House of Refidence, or left at the fame : And any Person continuing to hold any such House of Refidence, or any such Building, Garden, Orchard or Appurtenances, after the Day on which the said Spiritual Person shall be directed by such Order to reside in such House of Refidence, or which shall be specified in any such Afiignment or Appointment, and after Service of such Copy as aforesaid, or the fame being so left as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day he shall, without the Permiffion of the Bifhop in Writing for that Purpofe obtained, wilfully continue to hold any such House, Building, Garden, Orchard or Appurtenances, together with the Expence of serving such Order, in case it shall have been deemed necessary specially to serve such Order, to be allowed by the Bifhop issuing the Order or making such Afiignment or Appointment as aforesaid, and to be recovered and applied in like manner as the Penalties for Non Refidence are directed to be recovered and applied by the Provifions of this Adt; and it shall also be lawful for the Spiritual Person so directed to reside as aforesaid, or Curate to whom any such Refidence is afiigned, to apply to any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of the County, Riding, Province, City or Place, for a Warrant for the taking Poffefiion thereof; and the Juftice of the Peace to whom any such Order for such Poffefiion is produced shall and he is hereby required thereupon to give a Warrant for such Poffefiion, and Poffefiion may thereupon be taken of such House under such Warrant at any time in the Day time, by entering the fame by Force, if necessary, without any other Proceeding by Ejedtment or other wife ; any thing in any Adt or Adts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person shall be liable to any Penalties for not residing in any such House of Refidence, during such time as such Tenant shall continue to occupy such House of Refidence or other Buildings necessary to the Occupation of the fame.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the pafling of this Adt, no Oath shall be required of or taken by any Vicar in relation to Refidence on his Vicarage; any Law, Cuftom, Conftitution or Ufage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That no Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recovered by any Proceeding or Adtion against any Spiritual Person under the Provifions of this Adt, other or further than those which such Spiritual Person may have incurred during

A a 4?	the

Contra£ts for letting Houfes in which any Spiritual Persons shall by Order of the Bifhop be required to reside, shall be void.

Holding Pof-feffion after the Day appointed for Refidence,

Penalty.

And Spiritual Person directed to reside may have Warrant for PofTeffion from Juftice,

Not liable to Penalty while the Tenant shall continue to occupy.

No Oath relating to Refidence required of Vicar.

Penalties not recoverable for more than One Year.

Hosted

SGO

C.99.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

What Penalties not levied under Monition may be recovered by Action.

When Adtions for Penalties may be commenced.

Commencement and Conclulion of the Year.

Calendar Months to be taken for the Purpofes of this Act.

No Adlion to be commenced for any Penalty until after One Calendar Month’s Notice given to the Defendant and Bifhop of Diocefe,

What Notice to contain, and how endorsed.

Plaintiff not to recover without Proof made that fucli Notices were given.

No Evidence of Caufe of Adtion but such as contained in Notices.

the Year ending on the Thirty fir ft Day of December immediately preceding the Commencement of such Proceeding or Adtion.

XXXVI.	And be it farther enabled, That every Penalty for Non Refidence under this Adt, in respect of which no Proceeding shall have been had by Monition before the First Day of April next after the Year in which the fame fttall have been incurred, may be recovered by Adtion or Suit in the manner by this Adt directed.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That no Adtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information against any Spiritual Person, for the Recovery of any Penalties and Forfeitures under this Adt, shall be commenced or filed in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster or the Court of Great Seffions in Wales, until the First Day of May after the Expiration of the Year in which the alleged Offence shall have taken place.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That for all the Purpofes of this Adt the Year shall be deemed to commence on the First Day of January, and be reckoned therefrom to the Thirty first Day of December, both inclusive.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That for all the Purpofes of this Adt the Months therein named shall be taken to be Calendar Months, except in any case in which any Month or Months are to be made up of different Periods less than a Month, and in every such case thirty Days shall be deemed a Month.

‘ XL. And Whereas, notwithstanding the Regulations contained 1 in this Adt, Spiritual Persons may through Inadvertence, and in

*	many cases from unavoidable Circumftances and Causes, become ‘ subject to Penalties and Forfeitures and vexatious Profecutions,

*	unlefs Provifion is made for the Prevention thereofBe it therefore enacted. That from and after the palling oF this Adt, no Writ shall be sued out against nor any Copy of any Procefs at the Suit of any Informer be served upon any Spiritual Person, for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred under any of the Provifions of this Adt, until a Notice in Writing of such intended Writ or Procefs shall have been delivered to him or left at the usual or last Place of his Abode, and also to the Bifhop of the Diocefe, by leaving the fame at the Regiftry of his Diocefe, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to sue or cause the fame to be sued out, or served One Calendar Month at the least before the suing out or serving the fame ; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Caufe of Adtion which such Party hath or claimeth to have, and the Penalty or Penalties for which such Person intends to sue, and on the Back of which Notices respectively shall be endorsed the Name of such Attorney or Agent, together with the Place of his Abode 5 and no such Notice shall be given before the First Day of April in the Year next after any such Penalty or Penalties shall have been incurred.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff shall recover any Verdidt against any Spiritual Person for any Penalty or Forfeiture under the Provifions of this Adt, unless it is proved upon the Trial of such Adtion that such Notices were respectively given as aforesaid ; but in Default thereof such Spiritual Person shall recover a Verdidt with double Cofts.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff, on the Trial of any such Adk>n

as

Hosted by

57° GEO. III.

C. 99.

361

as aforesaid, of any Catffe of Adion, except such as is contained in the Notices hereby directed to be given.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any spiritual Person Spiritual Person against whom any Action shall be brought for any may by Leave Penalty or Forfeiture under the Provifions of this Ad, by Leave Pay *n;:o Court of the Court in which such Actions shall depend, at any time before ^^f^i^Sum'as Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch	Sum of Money as he	fhall fee	he^all thinkiit.

fit ; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders and	Judgments	fhall be

had, made and given in and by such Court, as in other Adions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XLIV. And be it further enabled,	That the	Court in which any	The Court in

Action, Bill, Plaint or Information	fhall be	depending	for the	which any Ac-

Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture for Non Refidence under this t,on l>e c,e~ Ad, may and shall, upon Application made for that Purpose, require, by Rule or Order of the said Court or any Judge thereof, the Bifhop cepan t0 certify of the Diocefe within the Limits of which the Benefice shall be the reputed An-locally situate, or to whom the fame shall be subject according to the nual Value of Provifions of this Ad, for or by reason of Non Refidence in, at Kenefices> ^c-or upon which the Penalties and Forfeitures shall be fought to be recovered by such Action, Bill or Information, to certify in Writing under his Hand to the said Court, and also to the Party for that Purpofe named in the said Rule or Order, the reputed Annual Value of such Benefice ; and upon such Rule or Order being left with such Bilhop or the Regiftrar of such Bishop, such Bifhop shall accordingly certify such reputed Annual Value ; and such Certificate How far Certifi-shall, in all subsequent Proceedings upon such Adion, Bill, Plaint cate Evidence of or Information, be received and taken as Evidence of the Annual Annual Value. Value of such Benefice, for the Purpofes of this Ad ; without Prejudice nevertheless to the Admiflibility or BfFed of any such other Evidence as may be offered or given respecting the actual Value thereof.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Licence may be any Spiritual Person to whom any Licence for Non Refidence shall pleaded in bar of have been granted, and against whom any Adion shall be brought for A&ion; and in any Penalty or Forfeiture by reason of any Non Refidence, or any matter or thing relating whereto any such Licence under this Ad has been granted, to plead such Licence in bar of any such Adion ; and if the Plaintiff in such Suit or Adion shall discontinue any such Suit or Adion after any Plea of Licence shall have been pleaded thereto under this Ad, then and in such case the Defendant in such Suit or Adion shall have full Cofts of Suit ; and if in any such Suit ln case of Ver-or Adion a Verdid shall be given for the Defendant, or the Plain- diet for Defend-tiff shall become nonsuit, the Defendant shall have Double Cofts, ant, Double and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath in other cases to recover Cofts by Law ; and it shall be lawful for the Judge may order Court, or any Judge of the Court in which any Suit or Adion Plaintiif to give shall be commeneed, upon any Application made in that behalf, to Security for order and direct, if such Court or Judge shall deem it expedient so to do, that the Plaintiff in any such Suit or Adion shall give Security for the Payment of such Cofts, and that all Proceedings in any such Suit or Adion shall be staid until such Security shall be given as to the Court or Judge to whom any such Application shall be made shall seem fit.

XLVI. Pro-

Hosted

C. 9

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1S17,

If at the time of filing any Monition no Notice of Action shall have been given, no Action shall be afterwards brought, &c.

If fucli Action be then commeneed,

Proceedings.

No Penalty to be levied against the Body where it can be recovered by Se-queftration within Three Years.

Body taken may be discharged.

Non Refident Incumbents (Exception) neglecting to appoint Curates, Bifhopto appoint and Iicenfe.

What such Licence to specify.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if at the time of filing any Monition requiring any Spiritual Person to reside on his Benefice, or to recover the Penalties incurred by past Non Refidence, no Notice of any A£ion for any such Penalty or Forfeiture shall have been already given in manner aforesaid, then and in such case no such Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be afterwards brought for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by reason of any Non Refidence of such Spiritual Person before the issuing of such Monition, or during any Proceedings that may be had under such Monition ; and if any such Action or Suit shall be so commeneed, the Defendant therein may plead in bar thereof, that such a Monition as aforesaid has issued in refpe£t of the fame Bene~ fice ; and such Defendant, unless upon Application to the Court the fame shall be dispensed with, shall, upon pleading such matter, file or cause to be filed an Affidavit in the said Court, thereby stating the Period specified in such Monition, and that, according to the Belief of the Defendant, the Bifhop who has issued or caused such Monition to be issued is proceeding upon the said Monition, to the Intent to make the fame effectual to the Intents and Purpofes of this A6L otherwise such Plea shall not be good or available in the Law.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Penalty or Cofts incurred by any Spiritual Person by reason of any Non Refidence on his Benefice, shall be levied by Execution against the Body of any such Person, whilst he shall hold the fame or any other Benefice out of the Profits of which the fame can be levied by Sequeftration within the Term of Three Years ; and in case the Body of any such Spiritual Person shall be taken in Execution for the fame, the Court in which the fame was recovered, or any Judge thereof, may and shall, upon Application made for that Purpose, discharge the Party from such Execution, in case it shall be made to appear to the Satisfadfion of such Court or Judge that such Penalty and Cofts can be levied as aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Spiritual Person holding any Benefice, who does not or shall not actually reside thereon Nine Months in each Year (unlefs such Person shall do the Duty of the fame, having a legal Exemption from Refidence, or a Licence to reside out of the fame, or to reside out of the Parfonage House or Vicarage House, or other usual House of Refidence belonging to the fame), shall for a Period exceeding Three Months absent himself from his Benefice, without leaving a Curate duly licensed or other Spiritual Person to perform, and who shall duly perform the Ecclefiaftical Duties of such Benefice, or shall for the Period of Three Months after the Death, Refignation or Removal of any Curate who has served his Church or Chapel, neglect to notify such Death, Refignation or Removal to the Bifhop of the Diocefe, or to nominate to the Bifhop of the Diocefe a proper Curate, then and in every such case, and in every case in which no Curate shall be nominated to the Bifhop for the Purpofe of being licensed by him within such Period as aforesaid, the Bifhop is hereby authorized to appoint and Iicenfe a proper Curate, with such Salary as by this A& is allowed and directed, to serve the Church or Chapel of the Parifh or Place in respect of which such Negle6f or Default shall have occurred; Provided always, that the Licence shall in every case specify whether the Curate is required to reside within

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 99.

363

the Parifh or Place or not; and if the Curate is permitted by the Bifhop granting the Licence to reside out of the Parifh or Place, the Grounds upon which the Curate is so permitted to reside out of the Parifh or Place shall be specified in the said Licence, and the Diftance of the Refidence of any Curate from any Church or Chapel which he shall be licensed to serve shall not exceed Five Statute Miles, except in cases of Neceffity, to be approved by the Bishop, and fpeci-lied in the Licences.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in every case where a Curate is appointed to serve a Benefice upon which the Incumbent is Non Refident for more than Three Months in the Year from Exemption, Licence or otherwise, such Curate shall be required by the Bifhop to reside within the Parifh ; provided the gross Value of fueh Benefice amounts to Three hundred Pounds a Year or upwards, and the Population amounts to Three hundred Persons or upwards, or provided the Population amounts to One thousand Persons or upwards, whatever may be the Value of such Benefice :	Provided

always, that whenever it shall be made out to the Satisfaction of such Bishop, that from special and peculiar Circumftances great Inconvenience would arise from such Curate being compelled to reside within the Parifh, it shall be lawful for the Bifhop to allow such Curate to reside in some near and convenient Place : Provided also, that the Licence to be granted to such Curate shall specify the special Circumftances which have induced the Bifhop to allow such Refidence out of the Parifh, and shall be entered and filed in the Regiftry oFthe Diocefe.

L. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the Satisfaction of any Bishop, either of his own Knowledge, or upon Proof by Affidavit laid before him, that by reason of the Number of Churches or Chapels belonging to any Benefice locally situate within his Diocefe, or the Diftance of such Churches or Chapels from each other, or the Diftance of the Refidence of the Spiritual Person serving the fame from such Churches or Chapels, or any or either of them, or the Negligence of the Spiritual Person holding the fame, that the Ecclefiaftical Duties of such Benefice are inadequately performed, such Bifhop may by Writing under his Hand require the Spiritual Person holding such Benefice to nominate to him a fit Person or Persons, with sufficient Stipend or Stipends, to be licensed by him to perform or to assist in performing such Duties, specifying therein the Grounds of such Proceeding ; and if such Spiritual Person shall neglect or omit to make such Nomination for the Space of Three Months after such Requifition so made as afore-said, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such Bifhop to appoint a Curate or Curates, as the case shall appear to such Bifhop to require, with such Stipend or Stipends as such Bifhop shall think fit to appoint, not exceeding in any case in the whole the Stipends allowed to Curates by this Aft, nor, except in the case of Negligence, exceeding One Half of the gross annual Value of the Benefice, although the Spiritual Person to whom such Churches or Chapels shall belong shall actually reside or serve the fame : Provided always, that such Requifition, and any Affidavit made to found the fame, shall be forthwith filed by the Bifhop in the Regiftry of his Court: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any such Spiritual Person, who shall think himself aggrieved by any such Appointment of fuch

Curate

Curate to reside on all Benefices above 3col. a Year, and Population 300 Perl'ons and upwards.

Provifo for special Circumftances.

If Duty inadequately performed, the Bifhop may require Incumbent to appoint Curate, and on Negleft, may himself appoint a Curate.

Amount of Stipend in such case.

Appeal for In. cumbent to Archbifhop.

Hosted

364

C.99.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817*

Bifhops may enforce Performance of Morning and Evening Service.

Statement of Particulars ne-ceflary to be given by Persons applying for a Licence for Non Refidence.

Bishops to appoint Salaries to Curates.

Licence, or Copy of Re-giftry thereof, Evidence of Amount of Salary.

Bishops may summarily determine Differences refpebting Stipend.

Money in Lieu of Fees for Licence, Sec.

Curate or Curates, to appeal to the Archbifhop of the Province to> which such Bifhop shall belong, in such and the like manner, and under such Provisions and Dire&ions, as are allowed to any Spiritual Person thinking himself aggrieved by any Sequeftration issued by any Bifhop.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Bifhop of the Diocefe fball deem it proper to enforce the Performance of Morning and Evening Service on Sundays, or any other Service required by Law in any Parifh Church or Parochial Chapel, or the Chapel of any Extra Parochial Place, it shall be lawful for such Bifhop to enforce the fame by Monition and Sequeftration, to be issued in the manner by this A6t provided.

LIL And be it further enacted, That every Bifhop to whom any Application shall be made for any Licence for a Curate to serve for any Person not duly reliding upon his Benefice, shall, before he shall grant such Licence, require a Statement of all the Particulars by this A6t required to be stated by any Person applying for a Licence for Non Reiidence ; and it shall not be lawful for any Bifhop to grant a Licence to any Curate to serve the Church or Chapel of any Person as aforesaid, upon any such Application as afore-said, until a Statement of all such Particulars as aforesaid shall have been delivered to him ; and such Statement shall be kept and filed and preserved from public Infpe&ion, and disclosed only in like manner and in such cases as is before directed as to Statements of Persons applying for Licences for Non Refidence.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop, and he is hereby required, fubje<5t to the several Provifions and Reftri&ions in this A<ft contained, to appoint to every Curate such Salary as is allowed and specified in this A<51; and every Licence to be granted to a Stipendiary Curate under this A£f shall contain and specify the Amount of the Salary allowed by the Bifhop to the Curate ; and such Licence, or any Copy of the Regiftry thereof, signed by the Regiftrar of the Diocefe or his Deputy, shall be Evidence of the Amount of the Salary so appointed to any Curate in all Courts of Law or Equity ; and in case any Difference shall arise between any Re<ftor or Vicar or Person holding any Benefice, and his Curate, touching such Stipend or Allowance, or the Payment thereof, or of the Arrears thereof, the Bishop, on Complaint to him made, may and shall summarily hear and determine the fame ; and in case of wilful Negleft or Refufal to pay fuck Stipend, Salary or Allowance, or the Arrears thereof, he shall be and is hereby empowered to proceed by Monition and Sequeftration to sequester the Profits of the Benelice for and until Payment of such Stipend or Allowance or the Arrears thereof: Provided always, that the Curate obtaining any such Licence shall pay to the Secretary or Officer of the Bifhop the Sum of One Pound, exclusive of any Stamp Duty which may be chargeable thereon ; which said Sum of One Pound shall be in Remuneration of all and every Fee or Fees now demandable by the said Secretary or Officer for obtaining such Licence, or for the Signature of any Declaration by the said Curate in consequence of such Licence, or of any Certificate of such Curate having signed such Declaration; and provided also, that from and after the passing of this A<ft> as often as any Person shall be licensed to Two or more Curacies within the fame Diocefe

at

Hosted

C. 99.

36*5

at one and the same time, it shall be sufficient for such Person to sign One Declaration only, appointed to be signed by an A 61 intituled An Aft of Uniformity (a); and also that it shall be sufficient for such Person to produce One Certificate only of his having so signed such Declaration before the Bifhop of the Diocefe. (a) ['There does not appear to be any ASt intituled, ‘ An Aft of Uniformity d The A St above referred to is taken to be 1$ & 14 Car. 2. c. 4. j

LIV. And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Bifhop to appoint for the Curate any Stipend or Allowance not exceeding Seventy five Pounds per Annum, and also the Ufe of the House of Refidence, with the Gardens and Stables belonging thereto, Or a further Sum of Fifteen Pounds in lieu of the Ufe of the Rectory or Vicarage House, or other Houfes of Refidence, in case there shall be no House, or it shall not appear to the Bifhop convenient to allot or assign the House to the Curate, in ,refpe<ft of any Benefice to which the Spiritual Person holding the fame was instituted or appointed before the Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; but it shall not be lawful for the Bifhop to assign any greater Stipend or Allowance than afore-said, in respect of any such Benefice, during the Incumbency of any filch Spiritual Person as aforesaid, unless with the Confent of the Spiritual Person holding the Benefice, or in case of Negledt to appoint or to nominate to the Bifhop a proper Curate.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any Spiritual Person shall have been, after the Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or shall hereafter be instituted or indudfed, or nominated or appointed to, or otherwise become Incumbent or pofteffed of any Benefice, and shall not duly reside thereon, unless such Person shall do the Duty of the fame, having a legal Exemption from Refidence, or a Licence to reside out of the fame, or to reside out of the Parfonage or Vicarage, or other usual House of Refidence belonging to the fame, the Bifhop shall appoint for the Curate licensed to serve such Benefice of such Non Refident Incumbent or Person as aforesaid, in his Abfence, such Salary as is hereinafter next mentioned; (that is to fay), such Salary shall in no case be less than Eighty Pounds per Annum, or than the Annual Value of the Benefice, if the gross Value thereof shall not amount to Eighty Pounds per Annum ; and such Salary shall not be less than One hundred Pounds per Annum, or than the whole Value as aforesaid, if the said Value shall not amount to One hundred Pounds per Annum in any Pariffi or Place where the Population, according to the Returns then last made in pursuance of any A6t or A6ts of Parliament, shall amount to or exceed Three hundred Persons ; and such Salary shall not be less than One hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum, or the whole Value as aforesaid, if the said Value shall not amount to One hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum, in any Parifh or Place where the Population shall appear as aforesaid to amount to or to exceed Five hundred Persons ; and such Salary shall not be less than One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, or than the whole Value as aforesaid, if the said Value shall not amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, in any Parilh or Place where the Population shall appear as aforesaid to amount to or to exceed One thousand Persons : Provided always, that the annual Value of all Benefices of which the Value, eftimated

as

13 & 14 Car. 2< c‘ 4- § 3-

Stipends to Curates of Incumbents before July 20, 1813, not to exceed certain Rates*

Exception.

The Salaries payable to Curates to be in proportion to the -Value and Population of the Benefices.

How the Value of Benefices under 150I. per

Hosted

C. 99.

57° GEO. III.

-A.D.1817.

Annum, efti mated.

Where the Benefice exceeds 400I. an Allowance may be made to Curate of lool.per Annum or more, as herein mentioned.

Smaller Salaries to be allowed to Curates in certain cases.

What the Licence is to fhate.

Special Reafons to be entered.

Salary of Curate engaged to serve interchangeably a-t different Places belonging to the fame Incumbent.

as is herein provided, does not amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, shall be estimated from the Returns made by the Bifhops of the several Diocefes to the Governors of Queen Anne*s Bounty; or from any future Returns which may be made by the said Bifhops to the said Governors refpe£ling Parifhes or Places omitted in the said Returns ; or respecting Parifhes or Places in the adftual Income of which it shall be made appear to the Bifhops that any confiderable Variation has taken place, either by Augmentation made by the said Governors or otherwise.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in any Parifh or Place where it shall appear to the Satisfa&ion of the Bifhop that the actual Annual Income of the Benefice, clear of all Deductions, exceeds the Sum of Four hundred Pounds per Annum, it shall be lawful for the Bifhop to afiign to the Curate of such Parifh or Place, being resident within the fame, and serving no other Cure, a Salary or Allowance of One hundred Pounds per Annum, notwithstanding the Population of such Parifh or Place may not appear as aforesaid to amount to Three hundred Persons ; and that in any Parifh or Place where the actual Annual Income shall appear to exceed Four hundred Pounds as aforesaid, and where the Population shall also appear as aforesaid to amount to or exceed Five hundred Persons, it shall be lawful for the Bifhop to afiign to the Curate of such Parifh or Place, being resident within the fame, and serving no other Cure, any larger Stipend or Allowance, so that the fame shall not exceed by more than Fifty Pounds per Annum the Amount of the Stipend or Allowance hereinbefore respectively required to be assigned to any such Curate.

LVI I. And be it further enabled, That in every case in which it shall be made out to the Satisfaction of the Bifhop of any Diocefe, that any Spiritual Person holding any Benefice is or has become Non Refident or incapable of performing the Duties thereof from Age, Sicknefs or other unavoidable Cause, and that from these or from any other special and peculiar Circumftances of the case great Hard-fhip or Inconvenience would arise if the full Amount of Salary specified in this Adi should be allowed to the Curate, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Bifhop to afiign to the Curate any such Salary less than the said full Amount in this Adt specified, as shall under all the Circumftances appear to him just and reafon-able: Provided always, that in the Licence granted in every such case it shall be stated, that for special Reafons the Bifhop hath not thought proper to afiign to the Curate the full Amount of Salary allowed or required to be assigned by this Adi : Provided also, that such special Reafons shall be entered fully and at large in a separate Book to be kept for that Purpose, and to be deposited in the Regiftry of the Diocefe, which Book shall not be open to Infpec-tion unless with the Leave of the Bifhop or by other proper Authority, as in the cases of Application for Licences for Non Refidence.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Incumbent of Two or more Benefices, residing bond jide, in different Proportions of each and every Year, on some or one other of such Benefices, the full Period specified by this Adi, shall employ a Curate to perform Ecclefiaftical Duty interchangeably from time to time upon such of the Benefices from which he shall be absent during his own actual Refidence upon any other thereof, then and in such case it shall be lawful

for

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 99.

367

for the Bifhop to afllgn to any such Curate any Salary not exceeding such Salary as would be allowed under this Adi for the largest of such Benefices, nor less than would be allowed for the smaliest, as to the Bifhop shall under all the Circumftances appear just and reasonable : Provided always, that if any such Incumbent shall employ a Curate or Curates for the whole Year upon each or any of such Benefices, such Incumbent so residing bond Jide as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Bifhop to afiign to either or each of such Curates any such Salary less than the Amount specified in this Adi, as he shall think fit.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Adi no Spiritual Person shall serve more than Two Churches in One Day, or Two Chapels, or One Church and One Chapel, in One Day, unless from the local Situation of the Churches or Chapels, or from the Value of the Benefices to which they belong, or other special Causes, it may in the Judgment of the Bifhop be expedient or necessary, for the Performance of Ecclefiaftical Duties in such Places, to grant Licence to any Spiritual Person to serve Three Churches or Chapels, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Bifhop to grant such Licence to any Spiritual Person to serve Three Churches or Chapels, not being distant from each other more than Four measured Miles : Provided always, that in every such case the Reafons for granting such Licence shall be stated by the Bifhop in the Licence granted for serving the Third of such Churches or Chapels held by such Spiritual Persons, and such Licence shall not be valid or effectual unless the Reafons for granting the fame are inserted therein as aforesaid: Provided always, that the Refidence of such Curate or Spiritual Person shall be so placed as that it shall not be necessary for him to travel more than Sixteen measured Miles in one Day for the Performance of the Duties of such Churches or Chapels.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in every such case where any Bifhop shall find it necessary or expedient, for the obtaining any proper Performance of Ecclefiaftical Duties, to licence any Person holding any Benefice to serve as Curate of any adjoining or other Parifh or Place, it shall be lawful for such Bifhop to appoint, for such Spiritual Person so licensed, a Salary less by a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds per Annum than the Salary which in the several cases in this Adi specified the Bifhop is required to afiign and appoint; and in every case where the Bifhop shall find it necessary or expedient as aforesaid to licence one and the fame Person to serve as Curate for more than one Parifh or Place, it shall be lawful for such Bifhop to direct, that during such time as such Curate shall serve such Churches or Chapels, the Salary to be received by him for serving each of the said Churches or Chapels shall be less by a Sum not exceeding Thirty PoundsAnnum than the Salary which in the several cases hereinbefore mentioned the Bifhop is required by this Adi to afiign and appoint.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Agreements and Con-tradls made or to be made between Persons holding Benefices and their Curates, in Fraud or Derogation of the Provifions of this Adi, and all Agreements and Contradts whereby any Curate shall undertake or in any manner bind himself to accept or be content with any Stipend or Salary less than that which shall be stated to be

allowed

Spiritual Persons not to serve more than Two Churches in One Day, except in certain cases, and with special Licence for that Purpofe from the Bifhop.

Reafons for granting such Licence to be stated by the B ilia op.

How Salaries adjusted where Curate is permitted to serve in an adjoining Parifh.

Agreements for Salaries to Curates contrary to this Adt, void,

Hosted

368

C.99.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

allowed in any Licence of such Curate, shall be void to all Intents and Purpofes in the Law whaisoever, and shall not be fet up, pleacted, notwithstanding or given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity ; and notwith-I’ayment and	ftanding the Payment and Acceptance, in pursuance of any fuch

Acceptance of	Contra& or Agreement, of any Sum less than the Sum fpecified

mentioned"h™	*n Eicence of such Curate, or any Receipt, Difcharge or

Licence.	Acquittance that may be given in cases of such Payment and

Acceptance, the Curate or his personal Reprefentatives shall be and

Payment may be enforced by Monition, with treble Cofts.

Limitation of Application to Bifhop.

Curate’s Salary, if of Value of Benefice, liable to certain Charges.

The Bifhop to allow Re6ior, See. to deduct from Curate’s Salary, for Repairs, to a limited Amount in certain cases.

The Bifhop may allot Parfonage

remain entitled to the full Amount of what shall remain unpaid of the Stipend, Salary or Allowance specified in his Licence; and the Payment of what shall so remain unpaid shall, together with Treble Cofts of recovering the fame, be enforced by Monition, on Proof of what shall so remain unpaid to the Satisfaction of the Bishop, and by Sequeftration of Profits of the Benefice, to be issued by the Bifhop for that Purpofe : Provided that the Application of the Curate shall in every such case be made to the Bifhop within Twelve Months after he shall have quitted his Curacy, or by the Repre-fentative of any Curate within Twelve Months after his Death ; and provided also, that no Sequeftration shall by virtue of this A& affeCfc the Profits of any Benefice beyond the time during which the Benefice shall be held by the Person liable to make the Payment in respect of which such Profits shall be sequestered.

LXII. And be it further enacted. That in every case in which any Bifhop shall appoint for any Curate a Salary equal to the whole annual Value of such Benefice, such Salary shall be fubjeCf to DeduClion in refpeCl of all such Charges and Outgoings as may legally affeCt the Value of such Benefice, and to any Lofs or Diminution which may lessen such Value, without the wilful Default or. NegleCi of the Spiritual Person holding the Benefice.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bifhop upon the Application of any ReCtor, Vicar or Spiritual Person holding any Benefice, the whole Profit or Income of which shall have been allotted to the Curate, to allow such ReCtor, Vicar or Spiritual Person to deduCt and retain therefrom, in any or each Year, so much Money, not exceeding in any case One Fourth Part of such Profits or Income, or of the Salary afiigned to the Curate, as shall have been actually laid out and expended during the Year in the Repair of the Chanoel, Parfonage, Vicarage or other House of Refidence, and Premifes and Appurtenances thereto belonging, in respect of which such Re&or, Vicar or Person as aforesaid, or his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afiigns, would be liable for Dilapidations to the SuccefTors ; and it shall also be lawful for the Bishop, in like manner, to allow any Re&or, Vicar or Spiritual Person aforesaid, having or holding any Benefice the Profits or Income of which shall not exceed One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, to dedu& and retain from the Salary allotted to the Curate, in each or any Year, so much Money as shall have been actually laid out and expended in such Repairs as aforesaid over and above the Amount of the Surplus remaining of such Profits or Income after Payment of the Salary allotted to the Curate, so that the Sum so dedu&ed, after laying out such Surplus, shall not in any Year exceed One Fourth Part of the Salary allotted to the Curate.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bifhop who shall grant any Licence to any Curate to serve any.

Church

Hosted by

A>D. 181;

57° GEO. III.

C.99.

*6 9

Church or Chapel where the Reftor or Vicar or Person holding any House forRefi-Benefice is not resident for four Months in each Year, to ailot, dence of Curate if he shall think fit, for the Refidence of such Curate, the Par- j^g^ence ofTn-fonage or Vicarage House, or usual House of Refidence of the cumbents,

Person holding the Benefice, with the Offices, Stables, Gardens

and Appurtenances thereto belonging, if there shall be any fuch

House of Refidence belonging thereto, or any Part or Parts thereof,

during the time of such Curate’s serving the Cure, or during the

Non Refidence of such Redlor or Vicar or Spiritual Person ; and it Sequeftration if

shall be lawful for the Bifhop assigning any such House or Refidence PofTeffion not

to any Curate, to sequester the Profits of the Benefice to which the delivered.

House shall belong, in any case in which PofTeffion shall not be given up to the Curate, and until such PofTeffion shall be given, and to apply or direct the Application of the Profits arising from such Sequeftration, or to remit the fame or any Part thereof, as the Bifhop)

shall in his Difcretion think fit.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in every case where Curates to pay the Bifhop shall appoint, for the Curate licensed to serve any Taxes, &c, of Benefice, a Salary not less than the whole gross Annual Value of the fame, and shall, in addition to such Salary, direct that such certam capes> Curate shall reside in the Parfonage or Vicarage House, or usual House of Refidence of the Spiritual Person holding such Benefice, such Curate shall be liable during ffiis serving such Cure, to‘the fame Taxes and Parochial Rates and Affeffments, in refpedf of such House and the Appendages thereof of which he may so be in Occupation, as if he had been instituted or induced or nominated or appointed to the said Benefice.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for The Bifhop may the Bifhop at any time, upon Three Months’ Notice in Writing, to direct Curate to diretf any such Curate to deliver up any such Parfonage or Vicarage	T>*'fr“<

House or usual House of Refidence, and the Offices, Stables, Gardens and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and such Curate shall thereupon peaceably deliver up the PofTeffion of the said Premises, pursuant to such Notice ; and in case any such Curate shall refuse to Not giving up, deliver up such Premises, he shall forfeit and pay to the Reftor or Penalty.

Vicar, or Spiritual Person holding the Benefice, the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day of such wrongful PofTeffion to be recovered by Tuch Retftor or Vicar or Spiritual Person by A6tion of Debt in any Court of Record at Wejhnlnjler, as any Penalties may be recovered for Non Refidence under this A£t.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful Reaor,&c.not for the Re6Tor or Vicar or other Person holding any Benefice, in to dispossess Cu-any case in which the Parfonage or Vicarage, or usual House of rate of House Refidence shall have been assigned to the Curate as a Refidence, to w»thout Order dispossess such Curate, or take PofTeffion thereof, until the Permiffion and Three'°^* of the Bifhop shall have been given in Writing for that Purpose, Mouths'Notice, and Three Months’ Notice of such his Intention to the Curate, who shall thereupon quit the fame according to such Notice ; and Curate to quit in every Curate who shall reside in the House of Refidence of any Be- Three Months nefice which shall become vacant, shall quit such House of Refidence aft^rva”ant Be*1 within Three Months after the Inftitution or Appointment of any ^fi^on One* Spiritual Person thereto, upon being required so to do by the Spi- Months’Notice ritual Person instituted or appointed, and having one Month’s previous Notice at the least given to him to quit such Houfe-of Refidence.

57 Geo. III. .	.	Bb	LXVIII. And

give up Poflef-fion of Parfon-age.

Hosted by

370

C.99.

57° GEO. III.

Curate not without Leave of Bifhop to quit Curacy without Three Months’ Notice to Tn-cumbent and Bifhop.

Penalty.

Bifhop may li-cenfe Curates employed without Nomination, may revoke Licence and remove Curate.

Appeal to Archbithop.

Licence to Curates, and Revocations of such Licences, to be entered in the Regiftry of the Diocefe.

Fee for Infpection.

Regiftrar refuf-irig, fcc. to make such Entry or transmit Copy, Penalty 5I.

Fee to Regiftrar for Copy tranl-mitted.

Claufes relating to Bifhops to apply to Arch-bifhops.

A.D. 1817

LXVIII. And be it further ena<sted, That no Curate shall quit any Benefice to which he shall be licensed, until after Three Months’ Notice of his Intention to quit given to the Person holding such Benefice, and to the Bifhop of the Diocefe, unless with the Confent of the Bifhop of the Diocefe, upon pain of forfeiting to the Spiritual Person holding the Benefice a Sum not exceeding the Amount of his Stipend for Six Months, at the Difcretion of the Bishop, which Sum may in such case be retained out of the Stipend, if the fame or any Part thereof shall remain unpaid ; or if the fame cannot be retained out of the Stipend, may be recovered by the Spiritual Person holding the Benefice, as any Penalty or Forfeiture under this A<ft may be recovered.

LXIX. And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Bifhop of the Diocefe to license any Curate who is or shall be actually employed by the Retftor, Vicar or other Incumbent of any Church or Chapel, although no express Nomination of such Curate shall have been made to such Bifhop by the said Re<ftor, Vicar or other Incumbent; and that the Bifhop shall have Power to revoke summarily and without Procefs any Licence granted to any Curate employed in his Diocefe, or fubje<ft .to his Jurifdidtion by virtue of this A<ft, and to remove such Curate for any Caufe which shall appear to such Bifhop to be good and reasonable; fubjetft ne-verthelefs to an Appeal to the Archbifhop of the Province, and to be determined in a summary manner.

LXX. And be it further enabled, That every Bifhop who shall grant or revoke any Licence to any Curate under this A<ft shall and he is hereby required to cause a Copy of such Licence or Revocation to be entered in the Regiftry of the Diocefe within which the Benefice in refpe<ft whereof any such Licence shall be granted or Revocation made shall be locally situate; and an Alphabetical Lift of such Licences and Revocations shall be made out by the Regiftrar of each Diocefe, and entered in a Book, and kept for the Infpe<ftion of all Persons, upon Payment of the Sum of Three Shillings and no more ; and a Copy of every such Licence and Revocation with refpe<ft to any Benefice shall be transmitted by the said Regiftrar to the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of the Parifh, Townfhip or Place to which the fame relates, within One Month after the Grant of such Licence or Revocation thereof, to be by them deposited in the Parifh Cheft ; and every Regiftrar who shall refuse or negie<ft or omit to make any such Entry, Or to transmit any such Copy, shall forfeit for every such Offence or Negletft the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered under this A (ft: Provided always, that every such Regiftrar shall, for every such Copy transmitted to such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens as aforesaid, be entitled to demand and have from such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens a Fee of Ten Shillings and no more ; and such Fee shall be allowed in the Accounts of such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens.

LXXI. And be it further ena(sted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in this Adft contained in relation to Bifhops in their Diocefes, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Arch-bifhops in the respective Diocefes of which they are Bishops, and also in their own peculiar Jurifdicftions, as fully and effectually as if the Archbifhops were named with the Bifhops in every such case.

6*	LXXII. And

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 99,

371

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein Definition of the the Term Benefice is used in this Ad, the said Term shall be un- Term Benefice, derftood and taken to mean Benefices with Cure, and no others, and to comprehend therein, for the Purpofes of this Ad, all Donatives, Perpetual Curacies and Parochial Chapelries.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Archbifhop Power of Arch-and Bishop, within the Limits of whose Province or Diocefe ^ifhops and Bi-refpedively any Benefice, respectively, Exempt or Peculiar, shall be fices^cExempt locally situate, shall have, use and exercise all the Powers and Autho- or Peculiar, rities necessary for the due Execution by them respectively of the locally situate Provifions and Purpofes of this Ad, and for enforcing the fame with vv,thin their regard thereto respectively, as such Archbifhop and Bifhop re- P'ovinces^and fpedively would have used and exercised if the fame were not fices fitua~e Exempt or Peculiar, but were subject in all respects to the Jurif- \IX m’0re than ‘didion of such Archbifliop or Bilhop ; and where any Benefice, One Province Exempt or Peculiar, shall be locally situate within the Limits of or between the •more than One Province or Diocefe, or where the fame or any of	^wo

them shall be locally situate between the Limits of the Two Provinces, or between the Limits of any Two or more such Diocefes, the Archbifhop or Bilhop of the Cathedral Church, to whose Province or Diocefe the Parifh Church of the fame respectively shall be nearest in local Situation, shall have, use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities which are necessary for the due Execution of the Provifions of this Ad, and enforcing the fame with regard thereto respectively, as such Archbifhop or Bifhop could have used if the fame were not Exempt or Peculiar, but were subject in all respects to the Jurifdidions of such Archbifhop or Bifhop respectively, and the fame, for all the Purpofes of this Ad, shall be deemed and taken to be within the Limits of the Province or Diocefe of such Archbifliop or Bifhop ; provided that the Peculiars belonging to any Peculiars subject Archbifhoprick or Bifhoprick, though locally situate in another to Archbiihop or Diocefe, shall continue subject to the Archbifhop or Bifhop to whom	to	whom

they belong, as well for the Purpofes of this Ad as for all other neX belong. Purpofes of Ecclefiaftical Jurifdidion.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which In every case in Jurifdidion is given to the Bifhop of the Diocefe, or to any Arch- v?Illch Jorifdic-bishop, under the Provifions of this Ad, and for the Purpofes b^io^&c^U thereof, and the enforcing the due Execution of the Provifions concurrent* thereof, all other and concurrent Jurifdidion in respect thereof shall Juritdi&ion to wholly cease, and no other Jurifdidion in relation to the Provifions ceaie. of this Ad shall be used, exercised or enforced, save and except such Jurifdidion of the Bifhop and Archbifhop under this Ad ; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament, or Law or Laws, or Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Pro- Ifluingand ferv-ceedings under this Ad are directed by Monition and Seque ft ration, ins Monitions, such Monition shall issue under the Hand and Seal of the Bishop, and being duly served shall be returned, with a Certificate of Service, into the Regiftry of the Confiftorial Court of such Bilhop ; and Caufe may be thereupon it shall be competent for the Party monilhed to shew Ihewn against: Caufe by Affidavit or otherwise, as the case may require, against the Sequ eft ratios, Sequeftration issuing ; and unless sufficient Caufe be shown to the contrary, the Sequeftration shall issue under the Seal of the said Confiftorial Court, and in such Form as is commonly used on that

behalf.

B b 2

LXXVI. And sted

Hosted by

372

C. 99.

5 7° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Penalties to be recovered by Monition and Sequeftration.

But Party against whom inch Proceeding had, not fubje<ft to A£Hon at Law.

Recovery of Fees, &c.

Proviso for Licences before 31ft Dec. how far not to require any Licence before that time.

Commiflion to administer Oaths not to be subject to Stamp Duty.

Provifo for Flis Majefty’s Prerogative in granting Dif-penfations.

What Parfonage not deemed a Benefice.

Archbifhop or Bifhop not liable to Penalties for Non Refidence.

Provifo for Powers of

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bifhop of any Diocefe in which any Spiritual Person shall hold any Dignity or Benefice, or shall serve as Stipendiary Curate, to recover any Penalty incurred under this Aft, in a summary way, by Monition and Sequeftration, to be issued in the manner by this Aft dirested, with the like Powers and Authorities, and subject to the like Reftriftions in respect to the Remifilon and Repayment of such Penalty, as are by this Aft particularly provided in respect to Penalties for Non Refidence : Provided always, that no Spiritual Person against whom any such Proceeding shall have been had by any Bifhop for the Recovery of any Penalty, shall thereafter be fubjedh to any Aftion at Law by any Informer or other Person for the Recovery of any Penalty for the fame Offence in respect of which such Proceeding shall have been so had by the Bifhop as aforesaid.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Fees, Charges, Cofts or Expences incurred or directed to be paid by any Spiritual Person under the Provifions of this Aft, which shall remain unpaid for the Period of Twenty one Days after Demand thereof in Writing delivered to or left at the usual or last Place of Abode of the Spiritual Person liable to the Payment thereof, may be recovered by Monition and Sequeftration, to be issued in the manner directed by this Aft.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Provifions of this Aft shall extend or be construed to extend to render void or invalid, before the Thirty first Day of December next, any Licence or Exemption which would have been othervvife valid and effectual, nor to require any Licence to be taken before the said Thirty first Day of December next, which would not have been required by Law before the pafiing of this Aft.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Commiflion issued by any Bifhop to any Commiffary or Commiffaries appointed to administer the Oaths required to be taken by any Curate for the Purpofe of any Licence or Licences granted under the Provifions of this Aft shall be subject to any Stamp Duty; any thing contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or affect His Majefty’s Royal Prerogative in the granting of Difpenfations for Non Refidence upon Benefices, as the fame now exists by Law.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted. That no Parfonage that hath a Vicar endowed, or that hath a perpetual Curate, and having no Cure of Souls, shall be deemed or taken to be a Benefice within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no__Archbifhop or Bifhop having or who shall have any Benefice shall by reason of Non Refidence upon the fame be subject or liable to any Penalties or Forfeitures : Provided always, that any Archbifhop or Bifhop who shall hold any BeneficQ in .commendam with his Archbifhoprick or Bifhoprick, shall nominate and appoint a resident Curate, according to the Provifions of this Aft.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall be deemed, construed or taken to derogate from,

diminish,

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 99, 100.

373

diminish, prejudice, alter or affect, otherwise than is expressly provided, any Powers, Authorities, Rights or Jurifdidlion already veiled in or belonging to any Archbilhop or Bilhop under or by virtue of any Statute, Canon, Ufageor otherwise howsoever.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter the Provifions contained in any A61 of Parliament, or any other Provifion of Law, for the due Celebration of Divine Service in any Church or Chapel, or for the Difcharge of any other Duty of any Redlor or Vicar, or Person holding any Benefice, by himself or his Curate.

LXXXV. And be it further enabled, That no Provifion in this Adi contained shall extend or be construed to extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

CAP. C.

An A£l to renew the Powers of exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Inllitutions from the Land Tax, and for making further Provifion for the Redemption of the Land Tax.

[10th July 1817*]

6 YTTHEREAS certain Adis palfed in the Forty sixth. Forty 1 VV ninth, Fiftieth and Fifty third Years of His prefent

* Majesty, relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax, au-

* thorized the Commillioners appointed by His Majefty’s Royal

*	Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain for car-

*	rying into Effedl certain Powers and Provilions of the Land Tax 4 Redemption Adi, to direct the Exoneration and Difcharge of the 4 Land Tax charged upon Hereditaments belonging to Livings or

*	other Eccleliaftical Benefices or Charitable Inllitutions, in the ‘ manner and under the Diredtions in the said recited Adis refpec-

*	tively mentioned or referred to ; and, pursuant to the Powers so ( veiled in the said Commillioners, they have exonerated and dif-4 charged the Land Tax charged upon the Hereditaments be-4 longing to several Small Livings and Charitable Inllitutions : And 4 Whereas it may be expedient to augment the Incomes of other 4 Small Livings, or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices, and of Charitable 4 Inllitutions not already exonerated from Land Tax, by exone-4 rating the fame from the Land Tax charged on the Hereditaments 4 belonging thereto respectively in the manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty by His Royal Letters Patent under the Great Seal, pursuant to a Provifion contained in an Ait palled in the Fifty fourth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to alter and amend certain of the Powers and Provifions of federal Ads passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and for making further Provifion for the Redemption thereof at any time or times after the palling of this Ail, to direct the Exoneration and Difcharge of the Land Tax charged upon the Mefiuages, Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to any Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or

B b 3	Charitable

Archbifhops and Bishops;

and for the due Celebration of Divine Service.

Ail not to extend to Ireland.

46 G.3. c. 133.

49	G. 3. c. 67.

50	G. 3. c.58. 53 G.3. c. 123.

Commissioners under Great Seal pursuant to 54 G.3. c. 173.

§ 2. may exonerate Small Livings and Charitable InftitutionSj nut exceeding 150I. a Year, from Land Tax, withoutTransfer or Payment of Confideration.

Hosted

374

C.100.

&r GEO. III.

A.D. 1817,

Incumbents, Sec. to transmit Statements to be verified of Income of Livings, &c. and Certificates of Hereditaments, &c. and Amount of Land Tax.

Charitable Inftitutions, in cases where the whole clear annual Income of such Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable In-* ftitutions respectively shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, without the Transfer or Payment of any Confideration for the fame, in the manner and under the Directions and Reftridtions in this Adi mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Incumbent of any such Living or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, and all Feoffees or Trustees of any such Charitable Inftitution, who shall be desirous that the Hereditaments belonging to such Living or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice or Charitable Inftitution should be exonerated from Land Tax under the P'rovifions of this Adi, shall, within Two Years after the passing of this Adi, transmit a Memorial to the said Commissioners, verified in such manner as they shall require and direct, stating the Nature and Defcription of the Property or other Funds or Sources from whence the Income of such Living or Ecclefiaftical Benefice of Charitable Inftitution is derived, and the Amount of Income derived from each respectively $ and shall also at the same time transmit to the said Commissioners a Certificate, signed by the Clerk to the Com-mifiioners of the Land Tax ailing for the District, Town, Parifh or Place within which the Hereditaments belonging to such Living or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice or Charitable Inftitution shall be situate (which Certificate such Clerk is hereby required to grant), . containing a Defcription in Writing of such Hereditaments, and the Name of the Parifh or Place, or Parifhes or Places, within which the fame shall be situate, and the Amount or Amounts of the Land Tax charged thereon.

III.	Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said Com-mifiioners, if they shall deem it expedient, to enlarge the time by this Adt limited for the Tranfmifiion of any such Memorials and Certificates as aforesaid, for any further Period not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the Expiration of the Period by this Adi limited as aforesaid for the Tranfmifiion thereof y and all Memorials or Certificates which shall be transmitted to the said Commissioners within such extended Period shall be as valid and effectual to enable the Exoneration of Land Tax under the Provifions of this Adi, as if the fame had been transmitted within Two Years from the paffing

Defers of Form of this Adt; and further, that if any such Memorials or Certificates hi Memorials	which shall be transmitted either within the said Period of Two

and Certificates Years, or within the said extended Period, shall be found defective in Form, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to allow such time for the Amendment thereof as they in their Difcretion shall think fit, and, upon Return thereof in their amended State, to ex* onerate the Hereditaments therein referred to from the Land Tax, as effectually as they could have done if such Memorials or Certificates, when originally transmitted, had not required Amendment.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to certify and declare that all the Hereditaments belonging to any such Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions as aforesaid shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Affeffments thereof; and such Hereditaments shall thereupon, and notwithstanding it may afterwards appear that any of them, or any Part thereof, were omitted to be

rated

Commissioners m^y enlarge time for tranf-jnitting such Statements and Certificates. -

may he amended if transmitted within the time limited.

Commissioners may by Writing certify that Lands are exonerated from Land Tax.

Such Lands free, though omitted to be rated at

Hosted

A.D.1817*

57° GEO. III.

C. 100.

3.75

rated to the Land Tax at the time such Certificate of Land Tax fiiall have been obtained, be wholly freed and exonerated from all Land Tax and all farther Afie/Tments thereof, from such of the quarterly Days of Payment of Land Tax as fiiall next precede the Day on which such Certificate of Exoneration fiiall be left at the proper Office, for the Purpofe of being duly registered in the manner hereinafter prescribed.

6 V. And Whereas in some Inftances the Governors of the 1 Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Mainte-

*	nance of the Poor Clergy, have augmented Small Livings by ( appropriating, for the Benefit of such Livings respectively, undi-‘ vided Shares in Farms, Lands or other Hereditaments rated to the ‘ Land Tax in One entire Sum, in which case the Rent payable 4 from the Tenant or Tenants thereof is received by the refpeftive

*	Incumbents of such augmented Livings, according to the Shares 4 with whch their respective Livings have been augmented, on 4 their allowing to the Tenant or Tenants a like proportionate 4 Share of the Land Tax payable in respect of such Farms, Lands 4 or other HereditamentsNow be it further enacted, That it fiiall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, at any time within Two Years after the palling of this Aft, to direct the Exoneration and Difcharge of the Land Tax charged upon any Farm, Lands or other Hereditaments with which Two or more Livings have been so jointly augmented as aforesaid, upon the Application of the Incumbent or Incumbents of any one or more of such Livings, and whether the Incumbent or Incumbents of the other Living or Livings shall or fiiall not join in such Application, in case it fiiall appear to the said Commissioners, by the Produftion of such Evidence as they may require and think fatisfastory, that the clear annual Income of no one of such Livings so augmented (inclufive of the annual Value of its Augmentation) /hall exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, without the Transfer or Payment of any Confideration for the fame, and by Writing under their Hands to certify and declare that the Farm, Lands or Hereditaments with which such Livings fiiall have been so jointly augmented, shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further A/Tefifments thereof, in the same manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the Exoneration of other Livings from the Land Tax under the Provifions hereinbefore contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Officer appointed for the Regiftry of Contrafts for the Redemption of the Land Tax fiiall register all the said Certificates of Land Tax and the said Certificates of Exoneration gratis, and fiiall make out and tranf-mit Duplicates of the Land Tax thereby certified and exonerated under the Provifions of this Aft, and do all such other Afts and things necessary for the Exoneration of the Hereditaments so to be exonerated, as by the Afts now in force relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax, or any of them, are directed in regard to Contrafts entered into under the Provifions thereof respectively ; and every Copy of the Regiftry of any such Certificate, fiiall be allowed in all Courts and Places, and before all Persons, to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Certificate ; and no such Certificate, nor any Copy of the Regiftry thereof, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty.

B b 4*	< VII. And

the Time Certificate obtained.

Commissioners may exonerate from Land Tax Farms with which Two or more Livings have been jointly augmented under Queen Anne’s Bounty, upon Application of One Incumbent; and may certify.

Certificates to be registered gratis. Officer to tranf-mit Duplicates of Land Tax,&c.

Copy of R.e-giftry Evidence of Certificate.

Hosted by

376

C.100.

57" GEO. III.

A.D.lsi/.

Commiffionevs may exonerate Livings under

I5ol.not alTtfTed

to the Land Tax, from 1 .iabi.iry to be aflelTed.

Statement of Proceedings as to Exoneration to be laid before Parliament.

Provifo for Delay arising from Deleft of Form, &c.

Where Tenants at Rack Rent are bound to pay Laud Tax on Lands belonging to Livings, fee. exonerated from Land Tax, the Amount of Land Tax exonerated to be cotifidered as Rent rel'erved.

Confideration for redeeming Land Tax on

< VII. And Whereas it occasionally happens that the Here-c ditaments belonging to Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices c or Charitable Inftitutions, the clear annual Income arising from < which docs not amount to the Sum of One hundred and fifty * Pounds, have not been rated to the Land Tax j* Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commifiioners to dire^ the Exoneration and Difcharge of the Hereditaments belonging to such Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions reipedively from any future A lie Ament of Land Tax thereon, in the same manner and under the fame Regulations, ft> far, as the fame are applicable, as the said Commifiioners are by this A61 authorized and empowered to do in cases where the Hereditaments belonging to any such Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions are or shall be rated to the Land Tax.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That a Statement of the Proceedings of the said Commifiioners, with regard to the Exoneration of Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions from Land Tax, shall be laid before each of the Two Houfes of Parliament before the Expiration of the Sefiion of Parliament ending in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty ; but that if, by reason of any Defed in the Forms of any Memorials or Certificates by- this Ad directed to be transmitted to the said Commifiioners, the Proceedings of the said Commifiioners, so far as they may relate to the Exoneration of any Land Tax mentioned or referred to in such Memorials or Certificates, shall ne-cefiarily be delayed, so as to prevent a Return of their Proceedings thereon before the Expiration of such Sefiion, then a Statement of the Proceedings of the said Commifiioners, with regard to the Exoneration of the Land Tax mentioned or referred to in such last mentioned Memorials or Certificates, shall be laid before each of the Houfes of Parliament before the Expiration of the Sefiion ending in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That where any Tenant or Lefiee at a Rack Rent for any Term or Number of Years, or at Will, of any Lands, Tithes or other Hereditaments belonging to any Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions which have been exonerated from the Land Tax under the Provifions of the said Ads of the Forty fixlh, Forty ninth, Fiftieth and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty, or any of them, or shall be exonerated from Land Tax under the Provifions of this Ad, shall have been or shall be bound by Agreement to pay the Land Tax charged thereon during the Continuance of any Leale or Demile, or any Agreement for a Demise, the Amount of the Land Tax from which such Lands, Tithes or other Hereditaments have been or shall be so exonerated, shall, from the respective Periods of such Exoneration, and during the Continuance of such Leafes or Dernifes, be considered as Rent reserved or made payable thereon, and the fame shall be payable on the fame Days, and the fame Powers shall be had, used and enjoyed for the Recovery thereof, and all Arrears thereof, from the respective Periods of such Exoneration, as for the Recovery of such Rent when in Arrear.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Con-trad! entered into after the palling of this Ad, and before the

T wentv

Hosted

A.D.181

57« GEO. III.

C.100.

377

exceeding One Fourth of an Acre, how calculated.

Form of Con» tratt.

Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Meffuages and according to the AffefTment of Land Tax made or to be made for Premiles not the Year commencing from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, for the Redemption of Land Tax charged on any Meffuages, Tenements or other Buildings, without any Lands or Grounds held therewith, or on any Meffuages,

Tenements or other Buildings, together with any Lands confiding wholly of Yards, Courts, Curtilages or inclosed Gardens, held, occupied and charged together with such Meffuages, Tenements or Buildings, where the Land whereon the said Meffuages or Buildings shall Hand, and of which the said Yards, Courts, Curtilages and inclosed Gardens shall consist, shall not exceed in the whole one Fourth Part of a Statute Acre, it shall be lawful to oontradl and agree for the Redemption of such Land Tax for a Confideration in Money equal in Amount to Eighteen times the Amount of the Land Tax so contradled to be redeemed, to be paid in One entire Sum within Three Calendar Months from the Date of the Contract ; and every such Contract shall be made in the Form, and the Confideration thereof shall be paid according to the Rules, specified in the Schedule marked (C.) to an Adt passed in the Fifty third Year of 53G. 3. c. 12:. His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to amend and render more ejfedual federal Ads passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Fax.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Contract No Contract tc shall be made for the Redemption of Land Tax on the Terms of fie made for Eighteen Years7 Purchafe as aforesaid, unless an Affidavit in Writing L^ndT^Ton0' shall be exhibited to the Commissioners for executing the fame Con- th^Terms of iS tract, to be made before any Matter Extraordinary in the Court of Years’Purchase, Chancery, or a Commiflioner in One of the Courts of King’s Bench, unless Affidavit Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England, or before some Person he exhibited authorized to take Affidavits in the Court of Seffions in Wales, or in the Courts of Seffions or Jufticiary in Scotland, showing to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, in the cases of redeeming such Land Tax at Eighteen Years’ Purchase, the Particulars of which the Premifes on which the Land Tax intended to be redeemed shall consist, and that the fame are of the Quality and do not contain above the Admeafurement before described.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Corporations

Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporations, and Feoffees and Trustees for and others may

charitable or other public Purposes, and all other Persons entitled to redeem Land

the Patronage of any Living or Living’s, to contract and agree for . axu°.n ,Tlngs i -p, i	-r	&	1	m	r	■,	*	.	6T	i	in their Patron-

tne Redemption or the Land Lax charged on the Glebe Lands,

Tithes or other Hereditaments belonging to any such Living or Livings, in consideration only of so much Capital Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities and the Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, or one of them, as will yield an Annuity or Dividend equal in Amount to the Land Tax so to be redeemed ; any thing in the Adis now in force, relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to provide for Corporations any such Redemption by any Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporations, or &c. may fell by any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, J it lliall be lawful for them respectively, by and under the Diredtion

and

ihewing the Particulars of the Premifes.

aee, on Transfer of Stock 1 roduc-ing a Dividend - qual in Amount to the Land Tax.

Hereditaments, for Redemption of Land Tax, or apply for that

Hosted by

3/ 8

Purpofe Truft Money.

Redemption Contracts to declare theirDeiire that the Lands redeemed from Land Tax should not be lubjeCt to an Annual Rent Charge, &c.

Provilo if no such Declaration he contained in Redemption Contrail:,

Memorials to be prefen ted by Corporations to the Commiffion-ots under the Great Seal previous to making any Sale for redeeming such Land Tax.

C. 100.	57° GEO. III.	A.D. 1817.

and Authority of the Commifiioners under the Great Seal, to fell any Hereditaments belonging to such Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporations, or Feoffees or Trustees respectively, in the same manner and under the fame Regulations and Reftridlions as they respectively could or might have done under the Powers and Proviiions of the Land Tax Redemption Adis now in force, or any of them, for the Redemption of any Land Tax charged on the Lands belonging to them respectively, or to apply for the like Purpofe any personal Property invested in the public Stocks or Funds, or any Legacies or voluntary Donations, or any other Truft Money which such Eccle-fiaftical or Lay Corporations, or Feoffees or Trustees, are authorized by the said Adis or any of them to lay out in the Redemption of Land Tax, or any surplus Stock or Money arisen or to arise by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant made or to be made by any such Eccle-fiaftical or Lay Corporation, or Feoffees or Trustees, for redeeming their Land Tax under the Powers and Provifions of the said Adis or any'of them.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporations, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, who shall be so desirous of redeeming any Land Tax charged on any Living or Livings in their Patronage, to declare in the Redemption Contracts respectively that they are desirous that the Lands or other Hereditaments, the Land Tax on which shall be proposed to be redeemed, shall not be subject to any Annual Rent Charge, or to any other Charge in favour of such Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporations or Feoffees or Trustees, in respect of such Redemption, in which case such Livings respectively shall not be liable to the Payment of any such Annual Rent Charge, or to any other Charge in refpedf of such Redemption, under the Provifions of any of the Adis now in force relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax ; but nevertheless, if no such Declaration shall be contained in such Redemption Contracts, the Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporations, or Feoffees or Trustees redeeming such Land Tax, shall be entitled to an Annual Rent Charge issuing out of the Living the Land Tax on which shall be so redeemed, equivalent to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, in the same manner as is provided in similar cases by the Adis now in force relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and to the like Powers, on presenting or nominating any Clerk or Clerks to such Living or Livings, of suspending Payment of such Rent Charges respectively during the Incumbency or Incumbencies of such Clerk or Clerks respectively, as are by the said Adis or any of them given in like cases.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Lands or other Hereditaments shall be proposed to be fold by any Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporation, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, for the purpose of redeeming any Land Tax under the Power lastly herein contained, the Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporation, Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, desirous of making such Sales, shall present a Memorial to the Commifiioners appointed or to be appointed under the Great Seal, stating their Intention of making such Sale and the Objedl thereof, for the Approbation of such Commifiioners ; and such Commifiioners or any Two of them are hereby required, if they

fhall

Hosted

379

A.D.1817.	57°	GEO.	III.	C.100.

/hall approve of such Sale, to certify their Approbation thereof under their Hands.

XVI.	And be it farther enabled, That where any Lands or other Hereditaments, the Whole or Part whereof /hall be exclusively subject to any Trulls, Mortgages, Liens or Incumbrances, /hall be agreed or proposed to be fold under the Powers and Provisions of the A6ls pa/Ted and now in force relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax, for the Purpofe of redeeming any Land Tax charged on Hereditaments which Shall, with the Exception of such Trulls, Mortgages, Liens or Incumbrances, /land limited or fettled or subject to the fame Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purpofes as the Lands or Hereditaments so agreed or proposed to be fold, or for the purpose of reimburling any Stock or Money previou/ly transferred or paid for redeeming such Land Tax, it /hall be lawful for the Commif-lioners for the Redemption and Sale of Land Tax for the time being, if in their Judgment the Lands or other Hereditaments so agreed or proposed to be fold shall in other respects be eligible to be sold for the Purpofe proposed, to direct the Party or Parties applying for the Sale thereof to make Application to the Court of Chancery in England, if the Ellate shall be situate in England, or the Court of Session in Scotland, if the Ellate fnall be situate in Scotland; and in such cases it /hall be lawful for the said Courts respectively (if such Courts respectively /hall in their Dilcretion think lit), upon Application made by Petition in a summary Way by or on behalf of the Person or Persons desirous of making such Sale, to order and direct that the Lands or other Hereditaments so agreed or proposed to be sold for the Purpofes aforesaid shall be fold and conveyed subject to such Trulls, Mortgages, Liens or other Incumbrances to which the fame or any of them /hall be so exclu/ively subject; and the Commissioners for the Redemption and Sale of Land Tax /hall carry such Order into Effedl according to the Tenor and Effedl thereof.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That where the Land Tax charged upon any Lands, Tithes or other Hereditaments belonging to any Archiepifcopal or Epifcopal See, or to any Redlory or Vicarage, /hall have been redeemed by any Archbi/hop, Bilhop, Redlor or Vicar for the time being, by and out of the private Monies belonging to such Archbilhop, Bi/hop or Redlor or Vicar, and it /hall happen that any Stock /hall be Handing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Redudtion of the National Debt, or in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, or in the Names or Name of any Trullees or Trullee, on account or for the Ufe of any such Archiepifcopal or Epifcopal See, or Redlory or Vicarage, which /hall have arisen from any Sale, Mortgage or Grant, and which /hall not have been applied for the Purpofes for which such Sale, Mortgage or Grant /hall have been made, it /hall be lawful for the Archbi/hop or Bilhop, or Redlor or Vicar for the time being, by and under the Diredlion and Authority of the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, to treat and agree with the Archbilhop, Bilhop, Redlor of Vicar who shall have so redeemed such Land Tax, or with the Executors, Adminillrators or Affigns of such Archbi/hop, Bi/hop, Redlor or Vicar, for the Purchafe of an Affignment from them respectively of the Land Tax so redeemed j and for the Pur-

pofe

Where Lands subject to Mortgage, &c. shall he agreed to be sold for redeeming the Land Tsx, &c. Com-miffioners may direct that Application be made to the Court of Chancery, if in England, and to the Court of Session, if in Scotland.

Order thereon.

Where Land Tax redeemed by Archbilhqps, &c- out of their private Monies, and there is Stock {landing in the Name of Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt, See. in trull for such See, See. an herein mentioned, on Order from Two Com-miffioners such Stock may be transferred to Person aligning the Land Tax.

Hosted

C. 100.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Surplus Stock (landing in the Name of Coin-

mi Hi oners for Redudfion of National Debt may be fold to pay Coils of Corporations, Sec. allowed by the Commissioners.

Commissioners may give Di-re6lions to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for making good the Transfer of Stock, according to the Terms of

pofe of completing the Purchafe of such Alignment, it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners or any Two or more of them to order and direct the Confideration for such Purchafe shall be paid or transferred by Sale or Transfer of a sufficient Part of such Stock ; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and the said Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt, and the said Accountant General, and also such Truf-tees or Truftee as aforesaid, are hereby respectively authorized and required, upon the Production of such Order, signed by any Two or more of the said Commissioners* under the Great Seal, by Sale or Transfer of a sufficient Part of such Stock, to pay or transfer to the Perlon or Persons assigning such Land Tax the Money or Stock specified in such Certificate ; and the Receipt or Receipts of such Person or Persons shall be sufficient Difcharges for the Money or vStock so to be paid or transferred ; and upon any fucli Payment or Transfer being made as hereby is directed, and upon an Affignment being made of such Land Tax to the Archbishop, Bishop, ReCtor or Vicar for the time being (and which Affignment shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty), such Land Tax shall forthwith become merged and extinguiffied for the Benefit of the See or Living the Hereditaments belonging to which respectively or any of them shall have been charged with the said Land Tax.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That where there shall be any Surplus Stock Handing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to the Account of any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for Charitable or other public Purposes, arising from or produced by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant made or to be made by any such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees, under the Powers and Provifions of the Land Tax Redemption ACts, or any of them, or of this ACt, after satisfying the Purpofes for which such Sale, Mortgage or Grant shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, by any Writing under their Hands, to order and direCf the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to fell and transfer so much of such Stock as at the time of such Sale or Transfer shall produce the Sum which shall be allowed by the said Commissioners appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal as the Cofts of such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees, attending any such Sales, Mortgages or Grants ; which Sum, when so railed, shall be paid to such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees, to whom such Cofts shall have been allowed, or to any Person or Persons to be nominated by them refpeClively to receive the fame, in Difcharge of such Cofts accordingly.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Contracts already entered into, or which after the passing of this ACt shall be entered into, by any such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees as aforesaid, for the Redemption of any Land Tax, either under the Powers of the said A&s, or any of them, or of this A£f, it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners, by any Writing under their Hands, to give such Orders and Directions to the said Commissioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, with regard to the Transfer of any fuch

Surplus

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 100.

3S1

Surplus Stock, or with regard to the Sale thereof or any Part thereof, and with regard to the Application of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, as the said Commissioners appointed by Letters Patent shall think proper, for the Purpofe of making good the Transfer or Payment of the Stock or Money Confideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax, according to the Terms of such Redemption Contracts respectively, and for Payment of any Cofls to be allowed by the said Commissioners ; and the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt are hereby required to make or cause to be made all such Transfers, Sales and Payments according to such Orders'.

XX.	And be it further enabled, That in all cases wherein, by reason of any Purchafe made or to be made of any Land Tax under the Powers and Provifions contained in any of the Adts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, the Lands or Hereditaments, the Land Tax on wdiich has been or shall be so pur-chafed, or any of them, have become or shall become charged with a yearly Rent or Sum as a Fee Farm Rent, equal in Amount to the Land Tax so purchased, and any Common Lands, Wafle Lands, or other Lands situate and being within the Parifh, Townfhip or Diftridt within which the Lands, out of which any such Fee Farm Rent shall be issuing, shall be situate, shall hereafter be divided or allotted and inclosed under any Adt of Parliament already passed or hereafter to be passed, it shall be lawful for the Commiffioner or Commissioners respectively authorized to carry such A61 or Adts of Parliament into Execution, to fet out or allot and award unto and

- for the Benefit of the Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons for the time being seized of or entitled to the Receipt of such Fee Farm Rents respectively, and in lieu, Satis-fadtion and Difcharge of such Fee Farm Rents respectively, [and to the fame or the like Ufes as at the times of such Allotments shall respectively affect the said Fee Farm Rents respectively, such Part or Parts of the Lands so to be divided, allotted and inclosed as afore-fa^d, as the said Commiffioner or Commissioners respectively shall in his or their Judgment deem an Equivalent for the Fee Farm Rents in lieu of which such Lands shall be so allotted ; such Commiffioner or Commissioners taking care that such Allotments shall adjoin or be as contiguous as may be to any other Allotments, if any, to the Proprietors of such Fee Farm Rents, or to any Meffuages or old Inclosures, if any, belonging to such Proprietors respectively.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Powers, Claufes and Diredtions contained in an Adt passed in the Forty-firll Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for con-folidating in One Ad certain Provifions usually inserted in Ads of inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the pajjing of such Ads ; and also all and singular the Powers, Claufes and Diredtions contained in any Inclofure Adt already passed, but the Allotments under which have not been fet out, and to be contained in any future Adts of Parliament for dividing, allotting or inclosing any Commons, Wafle Lands or other Lands within any Parifh, Townfhip or Places in England or Wales, shall, so far as such several Powers, Claufes and Diredtions shall be applicable to the case, be used, applied and exercised with respect to any Allotment

the Central, who are to transfer accordingly.

In what cases Allotments may be made under Inclofure Adts in lieu of Fee Farm Rents payable in respect of Land Tax purchased.

Provifions of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and all other Inclofure Adts applicable to Allotments made under this Adt,

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

382

Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes enabled to execute and confirm Deeds of Sale, &c. which have not been executed by the Commifiioners a£ting under the Royal Sign Manual.

Such Deeds hereby confirmed*

C.100.

A.D. 1817.

ment or Allotments to be made in lieu of any Fee Farm Rents under the Directions of this ACt.

4 XXII. And Whereas it appears that some Deeds of Sale, which, c previous to the Revocation of the Commifiions heretofore granted 4 under the Royal Sign Manual, enabling the Persons therein named 4 to be Commifiioners for the Redemption and Sale of the Land c Tax, were intended to have been executed by and under the

*	Authority of the Persons named in such Commifiions, have been 4 executed by the Tenants for Life or other Persons having Autho-‘ rity, with the Confent of such Commifiioners, to make such Sales, c but have not been executed by such Commifiioners ; and Difficulties 6 have in some Inftances arisen as to the Mode of confirming Titles c under such imperfeCt Conveyances ; and it is expedient that a dif-

*	cretionary Power should be given to the Commifiioners for the i Affairs of Taxes of confirming the fame, and also any Deed of c Mortgage or Grant that may for the fame Caufe be found imper-c feCtBe it therefore further enacted, That upon Production to the Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Two of them, of any Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant, that have been executed by any Tenant or Tenants for Life, or other Person or Persons having Authority under the Land Tax Redemption Ads for the time being to make any such Sale, Mortgage or Grant, with the Confent and Approbation of Two or more of the Commifiioners for the time being appointed by and under the Royal Sign Manual, but which Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant, have not been executed by the Commifiioners, whose Confent was necessary to the Validity thereof refpeCtively, it shall be lawful for the said Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes or any Two of them, on their being satisfied that such Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant would have been authorized and available under the Powers and Provifions of the said Ads or some of them, if Two of the Commifiioners for the time being acting by virtue of the Royal Sign Manual had been Parties to and executed the fame, to sign and seal such Deeds of Sale, Mortgage and Grant, and to cause such Indorfements to be made on such Deeds refpec-tively, as the said Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes may, under the Circumftances of the case, think necessary or proper for ffiewing their Affent to and Confirmation of such Sales, Mortgages or Grants ; and all such Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant, which shall be so signed and sealed by the said Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Two of them, and upon which any such Indorfement shall be made, shall be and the fame are hereby respectively ratified and confirmed from the respective Periods at which such Sales, Mortgages or Grants were respectively intended to take Efsect, and the fame shall be from such respective Periods as valid and effectual in the Law, and be considered as conferring upon the respective Purchafers or Mortgagees of the Lands and Hereditaments therein respectively comprized, or upon the respective Grantees of any Rent Charges, and all Persons claiming by, from, through, under or in trust for them respectively, as good a Title to the Lands or Hereditaments fold or mortgaged, or to the Rent Charges granted, as if Two of the Cora-mifiioners for the time being acting under the Royal Sign Manual, and who would have been competent under the Ads for the time being to consent to such Sales, Mortgages or Grants respectively, had approved of and consented thereto respectively, by signing and

fealing

Hosted

C. 100.

383

fealing such Deeds refpe#ively ; and no Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant so to be confirmed, shall require any Stamp Duty by rea-fon of any Execution thereof by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or by reason of any such Indorfement to be made thereon as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enabled, That where any Contract shall have been entered into for the Redemption of any Land Tax, and any Contra# shall have been entered into for Sale of any Lands or other Hereditaments for the Purpofe of railing Money to complete the Contra# for the Redemption of such Land Tax, and it shall appear that such Contra# for Sale cannot, under the Powers and Authorities of the Land Tax Redemption A#s, or any of them, or by reason of some Defe#in the Title to the Lands or other Hereditaments comprized in such Contra# for Sale, be completed, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Two of them, to rescind and declare void such Contra# for Redemption of Land Tax ; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Orders and give such Dire#ions as they shall think proper for the Re-transfer of any Stock or the Re-payment of any Money that may have been previously transferred or paid in pursuance of such rescinded Contra# ; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Commissioners for the Redu#ion of the National Debt, and the several Receivers General in England, and Colle#ors in Scotlandr, to whom the fame may re-fpe#ively appertain, shall, upon a Certificate of such Contra# being so rescinded, make, and they are hereby refpe#ively required to make, such Re-transfer or Re-payment accordingly.

i XXIV. And Whereas it is expedient to make Provifion for the £ Enrolment and Regifter of Deeds which have not been duly enrolled c or registered pursuant to the Dire#ions of the several A#s passed c relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax Be it therefore further ena#ed, That all Deeds required by the said A#s or any of them to be enrolled or registered shall be valid and effe#ual, although the fame should not have been or shall not be enrolled or registered within the Periods prescribed by the said A#s refpe#ively, provided the fame shall have been enrolled or registered before the passing of this A#, or shall be enrolled or registered within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing thereof; and that in case any such Deeds shall not be enrolled or registered within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this A#, or any Deeds hereafter to be executed under the Powers of the said A#s or any of them, or of this A#, shall not be enrolled or registered within Six Calendar Months after the Execution thereof refpe#ively, it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the Commissioners for the time being for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, if they shall think fit, upon the Production of any such Deeds, to order the fame to be enrolled or registered ; and that all Deeds to be enrolled or registered pursuant to any such Order shall be as valid and effe#ual as if the fame had been enrolled or regifted within the Periods prescribed by the said A#s or by this A# ; and that all Conveyances made subsequent to any Deeds already enrolled or registered, or to be enrglled or registered under this A#, and depending in point of Title on such Deeds, shall be of the fame Effe# as if such Deeds had been enrolled or registered on the Day of the Date thereof; nevertheless without prejudice to the

Validity

Where Contracts cannot be completed, the Commiffion-ers for Taxes may rescind them,

and dire# the Stock to be retransferred.

Deeds valid though not enrolled within the Periods prescribed by the A6Is relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax.

Two Commissioners for Redemption of Land Tax may, under Circum-ftances herein mentioned, order such Deeds to be enrolied, &c.

Hosted

384

C. 100.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

In what case informal Sales and Conveyances confirmed.

Pfovilo for Relief in Equity of Persons injured, &c. by Sales.

Powers of Adis respecting Redemption of

Validity of any Affurances heretofore made or hereafter to be made to correct or supply any Defeats arising from the Want of such Enrolment or Regiftry.

4 XXV, And Whereas for the Purpofe of redeeming or purchaf-4 ing Land Tax, or of raising Money for reimbursing the Stock or 4 Money previously transferred or paid as the Conlideration for 4 redeeming Land Tax, or for purchasing Affignments of Land Tax,

4 or for some other Purpofes for which Lands and Hereditaments 4 were authorized to be fold under the Powers and Provifions of the 4 Adis heretofore palied, relating to the Redemption and Sale of the 6 Land Tax or some of them, some Sales of Lands and other Here-4 ditaments have been made, the Titles to which, as derived under 4 such Sales, may be considered void or voidable, or liable to be im-4 peached at Law or in Equity, or be liable to Objedtions calculated 4 to impede the free Alienation thereof Now be it further enacted. That all Sales made, and all Conveyances executed, of Lands or other Hereditaments fold for the Purpofe of redeeming or purchasing Land Tax, or for raising Money as hereinbefore is mentioned, provided such Conveyances shall appear to have been executed under the Authority and with the Confent and Approbation of the respective Commissioners for the time being authorized to consent to Sales made under the Powers of the said Adis respectively, or any of them, shall be and the fame are hereby ratified and confirmed from the respective Periods at which such Sales and Conveyances were respectively made and executed, and the fame shall be from such respective Periods valid and effectual, and be considered as conferring upon the refpec-tive Purchafers of the Lands and Hereditaments therein respectively comprised, and all Persons claiming by, from, through, under or in Trufl for them respectively, a good and valid Title, both at Law and in Equity, to such Lands or Hereditaments, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever ; any thing in the said Adts, or any Law or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who may conceive himself or herself injured or prejudiced by any Sales hereby confirmed, shall, at any time within Five Years after the passing of this Adt, if such Person shall not be under any legal Difability, but if he or {he shall be under any legal Difability, then within Five Years next after such Difability shall be removed, be entitled to Relief either by the Decree of a Court of Equity on a Bill filed, or by a summary Application to a Court of Equity by Petition, and by the usual Proceedings before the Mafter or other proper Officer of the Court on such Petition, and an Order thereupon ; and shall under such Decree or Order have an Annual Rent Charge to such an Amount, and for and during such Term or Estate, and charged upon such Lands or other Hereditaments, as such Court shall order or direct; and the said Court shall have full Power to adjust the Proportion and Terms of such Annual Rent Charge between different Claimants, and to direct the Settlement of such Annual Rent Charge in such manner as the said Court shall, under the Circumflances of the case, in its Difcretion think proper ; and shall also have Power to make such Order respecting the Cofls of the Parties as the said Court shall think fit.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers and Provifions contained in any Adis in force at the time of

the

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.100, 101, 102.

385

the passing of this Aft, touching the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, shall be severally applied and construed in like manner as if the fame Powers and Provifions had been contained and reenafted in this A6t.

CAP. CL

An Aft to continue an Aft, intituled An At1 further to extend and render more effectual certain Provifions of an Act pa fed in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fir/ly intituled 4 An A El to prevent frivolous and vexatious 4 Arrefsy and of an A El passed in the Fifth Tear of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, to explain, amend and render more effeElual the said former A El; and of Two AElSy passed in the Nineteenth and Forty third Tears of the Reign of His present Majesty, extending the Provifions of the said former AEls.	[nth	July	18 17.]

4 TT7 HEREAS an Aft was passed in the Fifty firfb Year of His 6 VV present Majefly’s Reign, intituled An Ad further to extend 4 and render more effeElual certain Provifions of an A El passed in the 4 Twelfth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the 4 Firfy intituled 4 An Ad to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrefs ;y 4 and of an A El passed in the Fifth Tear of the Reign of His Majesty 4 King George the Second, to explain, amend and render more effeElual 4 the said former AEl ; and of Two Ads, passed in the Nineteenth 4 and Forty third Tears of the Reign of His present Majesty, ex-4 tending the Provifions of the said former Ads : And Whereas, the 4 said recited Aft will expire at the End of the present Session of 4 Parliament, unless the fame shall be continued ; and it is expedient 4 that the fame Ihould be continued Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Aft shall continue and be in force until the First Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. CII.

An Aft to defray the Charge of the Pay, Cloathing and contingent Expences of the Difembodied Militia in Great Britain> and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon ; and for granting Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons’ Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.	[nth	July	1817.]

[This Ad, except as to Dates and the Sedions that are retained> and except as to Sedions 2. 18. and 21. which are addedy and also except as to Sedion 19. of 56 G» 3. c, 90. which is omitted\ is the fame as the said Ad of 56 G. 3. c. 90.]

4	HEREAS it is necessary that Provifion should be made

4 VV for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Cloathing and con-4 tingent Expences of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of 57 Geo. III.	C	c	4 Cornwall

Land Tax applied to this Aft.

51 G, 3. c. 124.

continued.

Hosted

38(>

C.102.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Secretary at War to lffoe the Mpuey required for the Pay of the Regular Militia when disembodied.

Rates of Pay.

Rates of Pay when absent on Furlough.

* Cornwall and Devon (when difembodied), in Great Britain, from 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and 4 seventeen, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight 4 hundred and eighteen ; and also for making Allowances of Reduced 4 Pays in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons’ Mates 4 of the Regular Militia and Miners of Devon and Cornwall in Great 4 Britain, while disembodied ; and also Allowances to Adjutants 4 and Serjeant Majors of the Regular Militia, who have been or may 4 be reduced; and to Adjutants, Surgeons and Quartermaders, after 4 long Service;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Secretary at War for the time being may and shall and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain (when difembodied), in the manner and for the several Ufes hereinafter mentioned; (that is to fay,) for the Pay of the said Regular Militia at the Rates following ; that is to fay,

For each Adjutant, Eight Shillings per Diem :

For each Paymaster, in Corps confiding of Three Companies, and upwards, Six Shillings per Diem :

For each Paymader, in Corps confiding of Two Companies, Five Shillings per Diem :

For each Paymader, in Corps confiding of One Company, Four Shillings per Diem :

For each Surgeon, Six Shillings per Diem :

For each Quartermader, where One had been appointed in a Corps while embodied at an Edabliffiment of not less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Five Shillings^;’ Diem; and at an Edabliffiment of less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Three Shillings per Diem :

For each Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Pro-vifional Battalion of Militia, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem : For each Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps confiding of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Ten pence per Diem :

For each Serjeant having been a Colour Serjeant in One of the Provifional Battalions of Militia, Two Shillings per Diem ;

For each Serjeant, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem ;

For each Corporal, One Shilling and Two pence per Diem ;

For each Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps confiding of Three or more Companies, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem :

For each Drummer, One Shilling per Diem :

Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer ffiall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer ffiall during such Abfence receive Pay at the following Rates, indead of those above mentioned ; that is to fay,

Every Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provifional Battalion of the Militia, Two Shillings per Diem :

For every Serjeant, having been a Colour Serjeant in any Provifional Battalion of the Militia, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem:

For

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 102.

337

For every Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps con-filling of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Four pence per Diem :

For every other Serjeant, the Sum of One Shilling per Diem :

For every Corporal, the Sum of Eight pence per Diem :

For every Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps confifl-ing of Three or more Companies, the Sum of One Shilling per Diem:

And for every Drummer, the Sum of Sixpence per Diem refpec-lively, and no more :

And also for the Cloathing of the Regular Militia (when difem-bodied), in cases in which full Cloathing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, at the Rate of Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major ; Three Pounds for each Serjeant ; One Pound Seventeen Shillings and Four pence for each Corporal; Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major; Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven pence for each Drummer ; and One Pound Seventeen Shillings for each Private Man ; and so in Proportion in the cases in which only Part of the Cloathing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, together with the actual Expence of Package and Carriage, and such Charges for altering and fitting the Cloathing as shall have been notified by the Secretary at War ; and that such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on conllant Pay, and resident at Head Quarters, shall be cloathed once in Two Years, and also at the Rate of Three pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

II.	And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaller, Non Commiffioned Officer and Drummer of Regular Militia when disembodied, shall be constantly resident within the City, Town, or Place where the Arms of the Corps to which such Officers belong are kept, or within reasonable Diftance of the Depot, as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary at War : Provided always, that every such Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quarter-mafler, Non Commiffioned Officer or Drummer, shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent, except when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, which Leave shall not extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, except in case of certified Sicknefs, nor to a greater Proportion than One Third of the Non Commiffioned Officers and Drummers at the same time, or beyond such Period of Three Months, except in case of Sicknefs.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Quartermailer of each Regiment of Militia, in which a Quartermailer is appointed, and when no Quartermailer is appointed, then the Paymafter shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Cloathing, NecefTaries and other Stores, under the Superintendance of the Colonel or Commandant; and the Paymafter shall, out of the Allowance of Three pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer directed by this A6t to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from time to time, issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necefiary for the Repair of Arms and other usual contingent Expences, upon an

C c 2	Order

Cloathing.

Refidence of certain Officers to be where Arms of the Corps are kept, or within realon-able Diftance.

Quartermailer,

&c. to have Charge of Arms, Cloathing, &c. Paymafter to ilTue Money for contingent Ex-pences on an Order signed by the Colonel,

Hosted

588

C. 102.

57°' GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Balance to form a Stock Purfe.

Accounts allowed, S:c. an Acquittal to Pay-rn after.

The following Oath to be taken to entitle to Allowances.

Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant ; and after Payment of such Sums as afor'esaid, he shall Three times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, (hewing the Balances remaining in his Hands, (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purfe for the Ufe of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps,) and shall transmit the fame to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and signed ; and the said Accounts so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby directed .to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Paymaster, for the Application and Difpofal of such Money.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons’ Mates of the Militia who shall claim under the Authority of this Adt to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and lubferibe an Oath before some One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words or to the Effedt following ; (videlicet,)

c J A.B. do swear, That I belong to the

4	of	Militia	when the fame was disembodied, and

4 that I have continued to serve therein from that time until the 6	Day	of	inclusive,	as	a Lieu-

‘ tenant, Enfign or Surgeon’s Mate (as the case may be), and that I

*	was not in my own Right or in Right of my Wife during the said 4 Period in the actual PofTeffion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the

*	Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of fuch

*	an annual Value above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a 4 Commiffion of Captain of a Company in the Militia ; that I have

*	not during the above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant,

4 Surgeon, Paymafter or Quartermaster, in any Regiment, Battalion 4 or Corps of Militia ; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any 4 Person for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Office or 4 Income whatsoever from the Public, except my Half Pay as a 4	of the Army, Navy, Marines or of a

*	Provifional Battalion formed from the Militia (as the case may be).

4 So help me GOD.5

1< Regiment be not called out before time fixed for Payment, Allowance to be paid on taking the Oath before a Jullice, without Certificate of Attendance.

Which Oath so taken and subscribed shall be produced to the Pay-mailer of the Regiment of Militia by the Subaltern Officer or Surgeon’s Mate claiming the Allowance.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, after the difembodying thereof, and before the time fixed for the Payment of the said Allowances, shall not be called out for the annual Exercife and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon’s Mate belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and coming within the Defcription of this A61, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned before any such Juflice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance as if such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon’s Mate had regularly attended the annual Exercife and Training of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps during the Whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, had been furnished to the Paymafter of the Regiment.

XL And

Hosted

■A. D. 1817.

>7° GEO. III.

C. 102.

XL And be it further enabled, That upon such Oaths and Certificates as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not have been called out to their annual Exercife as aforesaid, upon the said Oaths being produced to the respective Paymasters, it shall be lawful for such Paymasters, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Surgeons’ Mates, according to their respective Commiffions of Lieutenant, Enfign or Surgeon’s Mate, the Allowance above mentioned, for Six Months or other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of December next, and the other proper Proportion of the fame on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, without any Deduction whatsoever ; the Oaths and Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this A or of any Regulation made by the Secretary at War.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That any Person being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance, as having served in any of His Majefty’s Foroes, or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, shall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Pay and Allowances by this ACt directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons and Surgeons’ Mates when assembled for annual Training ; and the receiving and taking any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon or Surgeon’s Mate, shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance ; and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Juftice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the fame.

4 J A* B. do swear, I had noHbetween the	and	the

4 any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under 4 His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a Reduced 4	in His Majefty’s Navy [or in the Marines, or in

4	late Regiment of	],	or Allow-

4 ance as in	late	Troop	of Horse Guards, or [

4 Regiment of Horse reduced], save and except my Pay or Allow-4 ance as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant,

4 Paymaster, Quartermaster, Surgeon or Surgeon’s Mate, while 6 assembled for Training and Exercife, [as the case may bef\ for 4 serving in the Militia of the County of	.’

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath ; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and feven-teen, every Adjutant of Regular Militia who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majefty’s Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years in the Whole, whereof Ten shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall have been or shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Yea^s as aforesaid, from the

C c 3	Command-

Pay matters to pay the x^llow-ances on the 24th December next, and 24th June i8r8, without Deduction.

Persons being on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in the Army or Navy, empowered, if serving in the Militia, to receive the Pay and Allowances hereby directed to be paid, on taking the following Oath.

Adjutants after a Service of 20 Years, and unfit for further Service, to receive an Allowance of 8s. per Day, on Certificate and Order from Secretary at War.

Hosted

C. 102.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

t su.

A Ho Half Pay.

Quartern-) a fiers in like manner, after a Service of 30 Years, entitled to an Allowance, and also to Half Pay.

Surgeons in like manner, after a Service of 20 Years, and unfit for further Service, to receive 6s. per Day.

Alfo to Half Pay.

Reduced Adjutant to receive 43. per Day till 24th March 1818.

Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and upon obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War, founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Pay-mailer aforesaid shall be and is hereby authorized to pay to such Person an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Diem : Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Office or Employment or j- Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty ; Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and feven-teen, any Quartermafler of Regular Militia who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty,s Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been as a Quartermafler of Regular Militia, and who shall have been or shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and obtaining from the Secretary at War an Order founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymafter of the Regiment shall be and is hereby authorized to pay to such Person, an Allowance at the Rate of his Pay when serving in the disembodied Regular Militia: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty : Provided also, that no such Quartermafler shall, by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, forfeit any Right which he may have to Half Pay, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Surgeon of Regular Militia, having faithfully served, either in His Majefty’s Regular Forces or in the Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years in the whole (Ten of which he shall have served as a Surgeon of Militia) from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymafter of the Regiment shall be and he is hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Diem, commencing the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty; but no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XX.	And be it further enabled, That in case any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined or been reduced in its Effablifhment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Effablifhment during the Continuance of this Aft, the

Sum

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 102.

391

Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or from the time such Regiment shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Eftablifhment, as the case may be, to the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen : Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty ; but no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines or a Provifional Battalion formed from the Militia by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

c XXI. And Whereas certain Adjutants and Serjeant Majors are

*	entitled to and have received certain Allowances in confequence

*	of having been reduced under the Provifions of an Aft palled in

*	the Thirty ninth and Forty first Years of the Reign of His present ‘ Majesty, which Allowance has been continued, and as to such Adju-*■ tants augmented to Four Shillings per Diem P Be it therefore enatled, That all such Adjutants and Serjeant Majors shall be entitled to receive and shall receive such Allowance from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to be ifiued as heretofore by the Receivers General of Counties ; and all Payments of such Allowance to any such Adjutant by any Receiver General shall be deemed good and valid Payment, and be allowed in their Accounts as such.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance under the said Aft of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year aforesaid, or any subsequent Afts continuing such Allowance, or this Aft, may receive and take such Allowance together with any Full Pay, Half Pay or Allowance which was tenable together with such reduced Allowance under the Provifions of an Aft palled in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for amending and reducing into one A3 of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England (a) : Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Aft during the time he shall hold any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, other than such as aforesaid.

(a) [26 6.3. c. 107. Repealed, 42 G. 3^ c. 90. § I.]

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Cloathing, Allowances and contingent Expences for the Regular Militia when disembodied as aforesaid, shall be issued and paid under the Direftion of the Secretary at War, according to such Regulations as have been or shall be established on that Head.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

Ccf	CAP.

Alfo to Half Pay.

Adjutants and Serjeant Majors entitled to Allowance under 39 & 40 G. 3. c* 44«j 41 G.3. (U. K.) c.55.

until 25 th March 1818.

Reduced Adjutants may take such Allowance with any Pay or other Allowance to which they may be entitled under 26 G. 3. c. 107.

Pay, Cloathing, &c. ifiued under Direftionsof Secretary at War;

Continuance of Aft.

Hosted

392

C.103.

57° GEO. III.

Pay in Advance for each County, &c. where Militia is railed.

Rates of Pay.

Contingent

Expences.

Cloathing.

A.D.1817.

cap. cm.

An A£f for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.	[nth July 1817.3

[This ylB, except as to Dates and the Sections that are retained, is the fame as 56 G. 3. c. 121.]

‘ TT7 HERE AS it is necessary that Provifion should be made for ( VV defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia * in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the c Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and feven-4 teen until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight 4 hundred and eighteen Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moil •Excellent Majetty, by and with the Advice and Confentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Corhmons, in this present Parliament altembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That for every County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, where the Militia is or shall be raised, there shall be issued and paid out of the Produce of the Con-folidated Fund arising in Ireland the whole Sums required, in the manner and for the several Ufes herein after mentioned ; (that is to fay,) for the Pay of the said Militia, at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Day for each Adjutant, and at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day for each Paymafter and Surgeon refpecfively, where an Adjutant, Paymafter or Surgeon is appointed ; and at the Rate of Five Shillings per Day for each Quarter Matter, where a Quarter Matter is appointed ; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Ten pence per Day for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Matter Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps where a Serjeant Major and Quarter Matter Serjeant are appointed ; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence per Day for each Serjeant so resident as aforesaid ; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Sixpence^/- Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed ; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Fifer so resident as aforesaid ; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid : And also at the Rate of Three pence per Mouth for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expencesof each Regiment and Battalion of Militia : And also for the Cloathing of the Militia for such County, after the Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten pence for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Matter Serjeant, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight pence for each Serjeant, Two Pounds One Shilling and Ten pence for each Corporal, Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major, and Three Pounds Five Shillings and Two pence for each Drummer, when such Serjeant Majors, Quarter Matter Serjeants, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Drummers and Corporals, have not been cloathed within Two Years; and with respect to the Private Militia Men, at the Rate of Two Pounds One Shilling and Four pence for each Private Militia Man, when such Private Militia Men have not been cloathed within Four Years:

Provided

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 103.

393

Provided always, that where any Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Rates of Pay Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, floall he absent on Furlough or when on Fur-•Licence, such Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal or louS^* Drummer, shall, during such Abfence, receive the Rates of Pay fol-lowing ; (that is to fay,) every Serjeant Major the Sum of One Shilling and Four pence, every Drum Major the Sum of One Shilling, every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Sixpence per Day respectively, and no more ; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct that any such Pay shall be from time to time issued for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time when such Advances shall be made.

IJ. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Charges of pack-for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of ‘ng and convey-Irelandior the time being, to direct such further Sums to be ilfued ing of Cjoathing and paid as shall be requifitefor the Payment of the necessary Charges ^i0U e or> of the packing and conveying of any such Cloathing,' and for any Alteration thereof to fit the Non Commiffioned Officers and Private Men of the said Militia respectively.

V.	And be it further enacted, That whenever the Governor or Colonel to cer-Governors, or Deputy Governors, at a General Meeting to be tify to Lord held for any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, shall Lieutenant and have fixed the Days of Exercife for the Militia, the Colonel or ^^fExercife Commanding Officer shall, as soon as may be, certify the fame to &c yice * the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Treasurer to pay Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, and to the Sums here-the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, specifying the Num- 'n specified, ber of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home on account of such Exercife, not exceeding in the whole Twenty eight Days ; and the Vice Treasurer for Ireland is hereby required within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of a Warrant thereon from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to cause to be issued and paid out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund in Ireland, at the Rate of Ten Shillings per Day for the Captain of each Company, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Ensign, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Six pence per Day for each Affillant Surgeon, and also at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, for any Number of Days not exceeding Twenty eight during which such Men shall be ablent from Home on account of their Attendance at such Place of Annual Exercife.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted Money granted for the Pay, Cloathing and contingent Expences of the said Militia for Pay,&c. to as aforesaid, and the Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeants of the be 'ffued under^ said Militia, shall be ilfued and paid under the Direction of the Lord Lieu^1 Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the tenant, time being, who is and are hereby empowered to ilfue such Regulations as he or they may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time in that Behalf.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant LordLieute-or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time nant, on receive '	'	being,	ing a Certificate

Hosted

C. 103,104.

57° GEO. III.

from the Colonel, certifying the Receipt of the Cloathing, shall iffae Money for the Payment.

49 G. 3. c.120.

§6.

Regulation as to Ordinary Efta-blifhment of Serjeants, &c. of the Militia.

A.D.1817.

being, as soon as he or they shall receive a Certificate under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the respective Regiments or Battalions of the Militia of Ireland, certifying the Receipt of the Cloathing, which Certificate shall specify the Number of Serjeant Majors, Quarter Mailer Serjeants, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Private Men for whom the fame shall have been supplied, shall issue a Warrant to the Vice Treasurer for Ireland for Payment of the fame; and the said Vice Treasurer upon receiving an Order from the said Colonel or Commanding Officer for Money due on account thereof, payable to the Person or Per-fons who furnished the said Cloathing, shall cause the Sum mentioned in such Warrant and Order to be paid to the Person entitled to receive the fame, provided the said Cloathing shall not exceed the Allowance hereinbefore directed ; and such Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Person receiving the said Money, shall be a sufficient Voucher for fiich Payment.

CAP. CIV.

An A£l to reduce the Number of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in the Militia of Ireland, whilst disembodied.

[1 ith July 1817.]

4 \X^HEREAS by an A£t patted in the Forty ninth Year of 4 VV His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for amending 4 and reducing into One Aft of Parliament the several Laws for 4 raifmg and training the Militia of Ireland ; it is amongst other 4 things enacted, that the Ordinary Eflablifhment of Non Com-4 miftioned Officers in each Company in the said Militia shall be c Sixty five Privates, Four Serjeants, Five Corporals and Two 4 Drummers : And Whereas it may not be found necettary to have 4 so great a Proportion of permanent Serjeante, Corporals or Drum-4 mers in the said Militia whilst the fame is disembodied Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority' of the fame, That from and after the patting of this Aift no Vacancy which shall or may occur by the Death or DifmifTal or Removal of any Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers, of any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, which shall not be embodied and called out into actual Service, shall be supplied or filled up until the Numbers of such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers shall be reduced below the Number of One Serjeant and One Corporal for every Thirty Private Men, and One Drummer to every Company; and that from and after such Redudlion by Death, DifmifTal or Removal as aforesaid, the Ordinary Eftablifhment of the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in every Company of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, while the fame shall be disembodied and shall not be called out into actual Service, shall consist of One Serjeant and One Corporal, and no more, to every Thirty Private Men, and One Drummer to every Company, with an Addition of One Drummer to each Flank Company; and if it shall happen that there shall then remain a Surplus of Fifteen Private Men and less than Thirty, every such Regiment shall and may in such case have One additional Corporal for such Surplus

Number

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° geo. nr.

C.104, 105.

395

Number of Men ; and when any such Regiment of Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, such Addition shall be made thereto that there shall be One Serjeant and One Corporal to every Twenty Private Men, and Two Drummers to every Company.

CAP. CV.

An Adt to encourage the Eftablifhment of Banks for Savings in Ireland.	[11 th July 1817.]

C WI ^ ERE AS certain Provident Inftitutions or Banks for c VV Savings have been and may be established in Ireland for the ( safe Cuflody and Increafe of small Savings belonging to the in-c duftrious Claffes of Hi9 Majefty’s Subjects there ; and it is ex-< pedient to give Protection to such Inftitutions and the Funds * thereby established, and to afford Encouragement to others to 6 form the like Inftitutions May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Number of Persons who have formed or shall form any Society in any Part of Ireland, for the Purpofe of establishing and maintaining any Inftitution in the Nature of a Bank, to receive Money for the Benefit of the Persons depositing the fame, and to accumulate the Produce of so much thereof as shall not be required by the Depofitors, their Executors or Adminiftrators, to be paid in the Nature of Compound Interect, and to return the whole or any Part of such Deposits, and the Produce thereof, to the Depofitors, their Executors or Adminiftrators, deducting only out of such Produce so much as shall be required to be so retained for the Purpofe of paying and discharging the necefiary Expences attending the Management of such Inftitutions, according to such Rules, Orders and Regulations as shall have been or shall be established for that Purpose, but deriving no Benefit whatsoever from any such Depofit or the Produce thereof, shall be desirous of having the Benefit of the Provifions of this A<ft, such Persons shall cause the Rules, Orders and Regulations established or to be established for the Management of such Inftitution, to be entered, deposited and filed in manner hereinafter directed, and thereupon shall be deemed to be entitled to and shall have the Benefit of the Provifions contained in this A<ft.

II. Provided always, and be it further ena<sted, That no such Inftitution as aforesaid shall have the Benefit of this A (ft, unless the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Management thereof shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by an Officer of such Inftitution to be appointed for that Purpose, and which Book or Books shall be open at all seasonable times for the Infpe<ftion of the Persons making Depofits in the Funds of such Inftitution ; and unless such Rules and Regulations shall be fairly transcribed on Parchment, and such Tranfcript shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place wherein such Inftitution shall be established ; which Tranfcript shall be filed by such Clerk of the Peace, with the Rolls of the Sefiions of the Peace in his Cuflody, without any Fee or Reward to be paid in refpe<ft thereof; but nevertheless nothing herein contained /hall extend to prevent any

Alteration

Persons forming Societies according to the Provifions herein prelcribed, entitled to the Benefit of this Aft.

Rules,&c.cf the Inftitution to be entered in a Book,and a Copy deposited with the Clerk of the Peace,

and filed. No Fee.

Hosted

C. 105.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Provifo for Aiterations, Sec. in Rules, &c.

New Rules,Sec. to be entered,

6cC. as before mtniioned.

Officers of the Inftitution nut to have any Benefit therein.

Exception.

Rules to be binding.

Entry of Rules, tcc. or Copy thereof, &c. to be Evidence of such Rules.

No Certiorari.

Fee.

No Stamp Duty.

Shares of Minors may be paid to them.

Alteration in or Amendment of any such Rules, Orders or Regulations so entered and deposited and filed as aforesaid, or repealing or annulling the fame or any of them in the whole or in part, or making any new Rules, Orders or Regulations for the Management of any such Inftitution, in such manner as by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Inftitution shall from time to time be provided ; but such new Rules, Orders and Regulations, or such Alterations in or Amendments of former Rules, Orders and Regulations, or any Order annulling or repealing any former Rules, Orders or Regulations, in the whole or in part, shall not be in force until the fame respectively shall be entered in such Book or Books as aforesaid, and a Tranfcript or Tranfcripts thereof shall be deposited with such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, who shall file the fame without Fee or Reward as aforesaid.

III.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Inftitution as aforesaid shall have the Benefit of this A& unless it shall be expressly provided by the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Management thereof, that no Person or Persons being Treasurer or Truftee or Manager of such Inftitution, or having any Controul in the Management thereof, shall derive any Benefit from any Depofit made in such Inftitution, but that the Persons depositing Money therein shall have the foie Benefit of such Depofits and the Produce thereof; save only and except such Salaries and Allowances, or other neceftary Expences as shall, according to such Rules, Orders and Regulations, be provided for the Charges of managing such Inftitution, and for Remuneration to Officers employed in the Management thereof, exclulive of the Treasurer or Treafurers, Truftee or Trustees, or other Person having Dire&ion in the Management of such Inftitution, who shall not, directly or indirectly, have any Salary, Allowance, Profit or Benefit whatsoever therefrom, beyond their extra Expences, for the Purpofes of such Inftitution.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Orders and Regulations from time to time made and in force for the Management of any such Inftitution as aforesaid, and duly entered in such Book or Books as aforesaid, and deposited with such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be binding on the several Members and Officers of such Inftitution, and the several Depofitors therein and their Repre-fentatives, all of whom shall be deemed and taken to have full Notice thereof by such Entry and Depofit as aforesaid ; and the Entry of such Rules, Orders and Regulations in such Book or Books as aforesaid, or the Tranfcript thereof, deposited with such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, or a true Copy of such Transcript, examined with the Original, and proved to be a true Copy, shall be received as Evidence of such Rules, Orders and Regulations respectively in all cases ; and no Certiorari shall be brought or allowed to remove any such Rules, Orders or Regulations into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record ; and every Copy of any such Tranfcript deposited with any Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid shall be made without Fee or Reward, except the actual Expence of making such Copy 5 and such Copy shall not be fubjetft to any Stamp Duty.

V.	And be it further enabled, That in case the Managers of any such Inftitution shall receive any Depofit of Money from or for the Benefit of any Person under the Age of Twenty one Tears, it shall be lawful for the Managers of such Inftitution to pay to such Perfon

Hosted

A.D. 1817*

57° GEO. III.

C. 105.

397

son his or her Share and Interefl in the Funds of such Inllitution, and the Receipt of such Person shall be a sufficient Difcharge, not-withflanding his or her Incapacity or Difability in Law to act for him or herself.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Friendly Society established under and by virtue of any Adl or Adis in force in Ireland, relating to Friendly Societies, from time to time to subscribe the whole or any Part of the Funds of such Friendly Society, as they shall from time to time dire61, through their Trea-surer, Steward or other Officer, into the Funds of any Inllitution which shall take the Benefit of. this A6t, and which shall be willing to receive the fame, under such Terms and Conditions as shall be fpe-cially provided for that Purpofe by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Inllitution : Provided always that the Receipt or Difcharge of the Treasurer, or other Officer of such Friendly Society for the time being, for any Money, Stock in the Public Funds or other Security, paid, transferred or delivered according to the Re-quifition of such Treasurer, or other Officer apparently authorized to require such Payment, Transfer or Delivery, shall be sufficient Difcharge for the fame ; and the Inllitution in which such Depofit shall be made shall not be responsible for any Mifapplieation of any such Money, Stock or Security, by the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be so paid, transferred or delivered, or for Want of Authority of the Person or Persons requiring or receiving such Payment, Transfer or Delivery.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer or Trea-furers, or other Officer or Officers, or other Person whatsoever, who shall be intrusted with the Receipt or Cuflody of any Sum or Sums of Money subscribed or deposited for the Purpofes of such Infti-tution, or any Intereft or Dividend from time to time accruing thereby, shall be required by the Rules or Regulations of such In-flitution to become bound with Sureties, for the just and faithful Execution of such Office or Trust, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be required by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Inllitution, such Security shall and may be given by Bond or Bonds to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town or Place where such Inllitution shall be established for the time being, without Fee or Reward ; and in case of Forfeiture it shall be lawful for the Persons authorized for that Purpofe by the Rules, Regulations and Orders of such Inllitution, to sue upon such Bond or Bonds in the Name of such Clerk of the Peace for the time being, and to carry on such Suit at the Colls and Charges and for the Ufe of the laid Inllitution, fully indemnifying and laving harmless such Clerk of the Peace from all Colts and Charges in respect of such Suit ; and no Bond or ether Security to be. so given shall be subject to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies, Goods, Chattels and EfFedls whatever, and all Securities for Money, or other obligatory Inflruments and Evidences or Muniments, and all other Effedts whatever, and all Rights or Claims belonging to or held by such [nftitution shall be veiled in the Truflee or Trustees of such Inllitution for the time being, for the Ufe and Benefit of such Inllitution and the respective Depolitors therein, their respective Claims and latere 1L ;

Friendly Societies may subscribe any Portion of their Funds into the Funds of Provident Inftitutions,

Provifo as to Receipt of Treasurer being a Difcharge.

Treafurers, &c. to give Security, if required by the General Rules.

Effects of Infli-tution to be veiled in Trustees for the time being, without fresh Alignment ;

Hosted

C. 105.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

except as to Transfers of Stock in the Public Funds, & c.

Truftecs may brin? and defend Actions, &c.

No Abatement by Death or Removal of Trufi.ee.

Coft?.

Trustees not to deposit Money pf Inftitution with Bankers, &c.

Exception.

In what case Bank of IreUnd to open an Account called ‘ The Fund for the Banks for Savings.’

terefts ; and, after the Death or Removal of any Truftee or Trustees, shall veil in the succeeding Truftee or Trustees, for the fame Eftate and Intereft as the former Truftee or Trustees had therein, and fub-jedl to the fame Trusts, without any Affignment or Conveyance whatever, except the Transfer of Stock and Securities in the Public Funds of Ireland, and also shall for all Purpofesof Action or Suit, as well Criminal as Civil, in Law or in Equity, in anywise touching or concerning the fame, be deemed and taken to be, and shall in every such Proceeding (where neceflary) be stated to be the Property of the Person or Persons appointed to the Office of Truftee or Trustees of such Inftitution for the time being, in his, her or their proper Name or Names without further Defcription ; and such Person or Persons shall and they are hereby respectively authorized to bring or defend, or eaufe to be brought or defended, any Adtion, Suit or Pro-fecution. Criminal as well as Civil, in Law or Equity, touching or concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforesaid, of or belonging to or had by such Inftitution ; and such Person or Persons so appointed shall and may, in all cases concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforesaid of such Inftitution, sue and be sued, plead and be impleacted, in his, her or their proper Name or Names, as Truftee or Trustees of such Inftitution, without other Defcription ; and no such Suit, Action or Profecution shall be discontinued or abate by the Death of such Person or Persons, or his, her or their Removal from the Office of Truftee or Trustees as aforesaid, but the fame shall and may be proceeded in by the succeeding Truftee or Trustees in the proper Name or Names of the Person or Persons commencing the lame, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding ; and such succeeding Truftee or Trustees shall pay or receive like Cofts as if the Adfion or Suit had been commenced in his, her or their Name or Names, for the Benefit of or to bereimburfed from the Funds of such Inftitution.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to and for the Truftee or Trustees, Manager or Managers for the time being of any such Inftitution as aforesaid taking the Benefit of this Adi, at any time to place or deposit any Sum of Money which shall have been paid to such Inftitution by any Depofitor, or any Intereft or Profit arising therefrom, in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, except as hereinafter provided, or upon any Perfonal Security, except such Sums of Money as from time to time shall necessarily remain in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treafurers of such Inftitution to answer the Exigences thereof.

X.	And be it enacted, That the Trustees of any Inftitution which shall take the Benefit of this Adi, in manner hereinbefore provided, shall be and they are hereby empowered to pay into the Bank of Ireland any Sum or Sums of Money, not being less than One hundred Pounds, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Redudlion of the National Debt, upon the Declaration of the said Trustees of such Inftitution, or any Two or more of them, that such Monies belong excliffively to the Inftitution for which such Payment is intended to be made ; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of Ireland are hereby required to receive all such Monies, and to place the fame into a new and separate Account to be railed in the Names of the said Commissioners for the time being in the Books of the

14	Bank

Hosted

399

A.D.1817.	57°	GEO.	III.	C.	105.

Bank of Ireland\ to be denominated 4 The Fund for the Banks for 4 Savings.'

XI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That previous to any Payment being made into the Bank of Ireland as aforesaid, the Person or Persons applying for that Purpofe shall in all cases produce to the Officer of the said Commissioners, at their Office in Dublin, an Order according to the Form in the Schedule to this Adt annexed, marked (A.) under the Hands of Three of the Trustees of such Inflitution, on the Account of which such Payment is to be made; and on the Production of such Order to the said Officer, he shall grant his Certificate in the Form expressed in the Schedule to this ACt annexed, marked (B.) ; and upon the Delivery of the Certificate granted to the Party by the said Officer, and Payment of the Sum expressed therein at the Bank of Ireland to the Account of the said Commissioners, the said Officer shall and he is hereby required to make out, within Five Days after such Payment, and to deliver to such Person or Persons producing the said Certificate, a Debenture containing a Receipt, signed by One of the Cafhiersof the Governor and Company of the Bank of Irelandy for the Amount of such Payment, carrying Intereft after the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem, payable with the Principal, at the Bank of Irelandy on the Fifth Day of April then next following, to be dated on the Day on which such Payment or Payments shall be made ; which said Debenture shall be in the Form specified in the Schedule to this Adt annexed, marked (C.) ; and the Principal and Intereft of all such Debentures shall be charged and chargeable upon, and they are hereby charged and made payable out of the Monies or Funds Handing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Bank of Ireland.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of any such Inflitution, or any Two or more of them, to demand Payment at any time, other than on the Fifth Day of April in every Year, of the said Caffiier or Cafhiers, of the Principal Sum specified in any Debenture or Debentures ifTued in pursuance of the Provifions of this Adt, together with all the Intereft due thereon, computing such Intereft from the Day of the Date of the Debenture inclusive, up to and including the Five Days following the Date of the Order of the said Trustees demanding such Payment.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That previous to the Payment of the Principal of any such Debenture or Debentures, together with the Intereft due thereon as aforesaid, the Person or Persons applying to receive the fame shall in all cases produce to the Officer of the said Commissioners at their said Office an Order indorsed on the Back thereof under the Hands of Three Trustees of the Inflitution for which such Payment shall be demanded, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Adt Annexed, marked (D.); and the said Officer shall and he is hereby required, within Five Days after the Receipt of such Order, to grant his Certificate to the Person or Persons applying in the Form ipecified in the Schedule to this Adt annexed, marked (E.); and upon the Produdtion and Delivery at the Bank of Ireland of such Certificate, the said Caffiier or Cafhiers shall thereupon pay such Principal and Intereft out of any Monies Handing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Bank of Irelandy or

from

Previous to such Payments into the Bank, an Order to be produced, and a Certificate granted ;

afterwards the Commissioners to iftue Debentures in favour of such Saving Banks, bearing Intereft at 3d. per Cent, per Diem.

Form of Debenture.

Trustees may demand Payment of Principal and Intereft secured by Debenture.

Mode of Application for Payment of Debentures with Intereft.

Hosted

C. 105.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

New Debentures may be granted.

Monies paid in on Saving Bank Account to be invested in Stock, and carried to a new Account.

Debentures not transferrable.

Debentures not liable to Stamp Duty, and if loft. Duplicate Debenture may be granted.

Falle Declaration to obtain Debentures,

Penalty.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

from the Sale of Stock purchased with the Monies originally invested in any Debenture or Debentures as aforesaid, as the said Comnlif-fioners shall direct : Provided nevertheless, that if at any time the said Trustees shall require a new Debenture or Debentures in lieu, of the Debenture or Debentures to be paid off (and the fame being* so expressed in the said Order of the said Trustees), it shall be lawful for the Officer of the said Commissioners to make out and deliver to the Person or Persons applying to receive the fame, a Debenture or Debentures of the like Amount, in lieu of paying the Amount of such original Debenture in Money.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause all the Monies paid into the Bank of Ireland, and placed to their Account in pursuance of the Provifions of this Adi, to be invested from time to time in the Purchafe of Three Pounds and Ten. Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities in their Names, and to be carried to a new and separate Account, under the Title of ‘ Saving * Bank Account and the Intereft which shall arise from time to time and become due thereon, shall in like manner be invested in the Purchafe of like Bank Annuities as aforesaid.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That no Debenture or Debentures issued under the Provifions of this Adi shall be transferrable or assignable, but every such Debenture or Debentures shall remain and continue , to be the actual Property of the Trustees of the Saving-Bank or Banks, on the Account of which every such Debenture or Debentures was or were originally issued, until the fame shall be actually paid off.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That no Debenture or Debentures, nor any Order or Orders required from the Trustees of any Saving Bank, issued or produced in pursuance of this Adi, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duty whatever ; and that if any Debenture or Debentures issued under the Provifions of this Adi shall be loft or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon satisfactory Evidence being produced by the Party, and good and sufficient Security given to the said Commissioners, to direct the said Officer to grant a Duplicate Debenture to the Party applying, under the fame Regulations as by this Adi are required for the Iffue of an original Debenture.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Order and Declaration produced to the said Officer, for the Purpofe of paying Monies into the said Bank to the Account of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall contain any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, then and in every such case the Sum so paid, and also the further Sum of Five hundred Pounds, shall be forfeited to the said Commissioners ; which Penalties respectively shall be sued for, recovered and applied in the manner directed by this Adi.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Adi shall be recoverable in the Name of His Majefty’s Attorney General in Ireland, on the Part of His Majesty by Information in the Court of Exchequer in Dublin ; and such Penalty and Forfeiture-fhall go and belong to the said Commissioners for the Redudlion of the National Debt, and shall be applied to the fame Purpofes and under the fame Regulations as any other Monies paid into the Bank of Ireland, to the Account or the said Commissioners, under the Provifions of this Adi: Provided

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. Ill

C. 105,

401

vided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Commillioners to Reward to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding One Moiety Informers, of any such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to any Person or Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto as Informer or Informers, in respect of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the foliovving Account Account of all shall be prepared by the said Commifiioners for the Reduction of the Monies received National Debt, and shall be annually laid before both Houfes of by Com million-Parliament on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in every ^^^rot^tlona Year, if Parliament shall be fitting, and if Parliament shall not be Trustees offn-fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the ftitutions to be then next Seflion of Parliament ; videlicet, an Annual Account, made laid before up to the Fifth Day of January in every Year of all Sums of Parliament. Money which shall have been received by the said Commifiioners from the Trustees of any Inftitution or Inflitutions aforesaid, in pursuance of this A6t, shewing the Amount of all Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities which shall have been purchased by the Application of such Sums, and the Amount of Intereft or Dividends receivable thereon by the said Commif-fioners ; and distinguishing in such Account the Amount of Intereft payable by the said Commifiioners on all Debentures issued to the laid Trustees as aforesaid within the fame Period, and terminating on the Fifth Day of January in every Year.

c XX. And Whereas it is expedient to provide again ft an im-< proper Inveflment of Monies under the Provifions of this Adt ;*

Be it therefore further enacted, That the Privilege aforesaid of pay- providiug again#

ing Money into the Bank of Ireland, and of receiving Debentures an improper

for the fame, shall be reftridted to such Inflitutions only which shall Investment of

by One or more of their Rules provide that the Sums paid by Monies,

one Person in any one Year shall not exceed the Sum of Fifty

Pounds in the whole from each Depofitor ; and it shall be lawful

for the Commifiioners for the Redudtion of the National Debt,

previous to the Payment of any Sum or Sums into the Bank of

Ireland in pursuance of this Adt, to require the Produdtion of fuch

Rule or Rules so limiting the Sums to be deposited to the Amount

above mentioned, certified under the Hands of Three of the Truftees

or Managers of each such Inftitution respectively, or any other Proof

they may think it necefiary to require.

XXL And be it further enacted, That upon every Change of a On Change of Truftee or Trustees, the preceding Truftee or Trustees, his or their Trustees, Stock Executors or Adminiftrators, shall and do forthwith transfer all t0 be transferred Stock and Annuities in the Public Funds belonging to such Inftitu- trustees to the tion, from the Name or Names of such preceding Truftee or ]qamesofthe Trustees, to the Name or Names of the new Truftee or Trustees new Trustees who shall be appointed as hereinbefore mentioned, or of such new and continuing Truftee or Trustees, and any continuing Truftee or Trustees, if Trustees, &c. any of the former Trustees shall be continued, as the case shall require, so as to vest the fame in such new Truftee or Trustees, and the continuing Truftee or Trustees, as the case shall happen ; and in case any Sale or Sales, Transfer or Transfers, of any Part of such Stocks or Annuities shall from time to time be directed, according 57 Geo. III.	Dd	to

Hosted

402

C.105.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 181 f.

Trustees may execute a Letter of Attorney for that Purpofe.

Bankers in Ireland to pay In-tereft at 61. per Cent, per Annum for Money deposited in their Hands by Societies under this

Per fens intruded with EftxAs of Society to account and deliver up Effectswhen required.

Neglefling or refilling,

to the Rules, Orders and Regulations of filch Inftitution, every such Transfer or Sale shall be made by the Truftee or Trustees in whofer Name or Names the fame shall then stand, or by some Person or Per-fons duly authorized by such Truftee or Trustees, by Letter of At-torney executed as is required by Law in such cases; and where any such Transfer or Sale as aforesaid shall be made under or by virtue of any Letter of Attorney, such Letter of Attorney shall not be fubje6t to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty what-foever.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That in case it shall at any time appear expedient to any Society or Inftitution which may be efta-blifhed in Ireland under this A<ft, or to the Committee or Managers of such Society or Inftitution, to appoint any Banker or Bankers to be Treasurer or Treafurers, Truftee or Trustees of such Society or Inftitution, or to place in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, from time to time, any Portion of the Funds of such Society or Inftitution, not exceeding in the whole at any one time the Amount of Twenty per Centum, or One Fifth Part of the whole of the Funds of such Society or Inftitution, it shall and may be lawful for such Society or Inftitution so to do, and for such Banker or Bankers, to pay and allow to such Society or Inftitution Intereft after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum upon all Money from time to time so placed or remaining in the Hands of such Banker or Bankers; and it shall be lawful for such Banker or Bankers to give and pass one or more accountable Receipt or Receipts for all lucli Money so depoftted or remaining in his or their Hands, any A6t of Parliament in force in Ireland, or any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Perform and Persons who shall have or receive any Part of the Monies* Effe&s or Funds of or belonging to such Inftitution, or shall in any manner have been or shall be intruded with the Difposition, Management or Cuftody thereof, or of any Securities relating to the fame, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns re~ fpetftively, shall, upon Demand made in pursuance of any Order of the Committee of such Inftitution, or of any other delegated Authority 'as aforesaid, or at any General Meeting of the Managers thereof, give in his or their Account or Accounts to such Committee or other Authority as aforesaid, or to such General Meeting of the Managers of such Inftitution, or to such other Person or Persons who shall be nominated to receive the fame, to be examined and allowed or disallowed by the said Committee or Managers refpetftive-ly, and shall on the like Demand pay over all the Monies remaining in his or their Hands, and afiign and transfer or deliver all Securities, Effefts or Funds, taken or Handing in his or their Name or NameB as aforesaid, or being in his or their Hands or Cuftody, to such Person or Persons as the said Committee or Managers of such Inftitution shall appoint; and in case of any Neglect or Refufal to deliver such Account, or to pay over such Monies or to afiign, transfer or deliver such Securities, Effe&s or Funds in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the Truftee or Trustees of such Inftitution for the time being to exhibit a Petition to the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place wherein such Inftitution shall be

eftabli/hed.

Hosted

C. 105*

403

eftablilhed, who shall and may proceed thereupon in a summary way, and make such Order therein, upon hearing all Parties concerned, as to such Court in their Difcretion Hiall seem just, which Order shall be final and conclusive ; and all Alignments, Sales and Transfers made in pursuance of such Order shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

XXIV.	And be it further ena6led, That no Person who is or shall be a Member of any Friendly Society, established or to be efta-blifhed in Ireland under and by virtue of any A£t or Ails relating to Friendly Societies, shall by reason of such Person being or becoming a Depofitor in any Inftitution taking the Benefit of this Ail, be considered as fubjeit or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Disability, declared or expressed, or intended so to be, by or in the Rules, Orders or Regulations of such Friendly Society ; any Rules, Orders or Regulations of such Friendly Society, made or hereafter to be made, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV.	And be it further enailed, That in case any Depofitor in the Funds of any Inftitution taking the Benefit of this Ail shall die, leaving any Sum or Sums of Money in the said Funds, or any Dividends or Intereft due thereon, belonging to him or her at the time of his or her Death, exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty Pounds, the fame shall not be paid to any Person or Persons as Re-prefentative or Reprefentatives of such Depofitor, but upon Probate of the Will of such Depofitor, or Letters of Adminiftration of his or her Eftate and Effeils: Provided always, that where the whole Eftate or Effeils of any such deceased Depofitor, for or in refpeil of which any Probate or Letters of Adminiftration refpeilively shall be granted, shall be under the Value of Fifty Pounds Britifo Currency, no Stamp Duty shall be chargeable thereon, nor upon any Legacy or Refidue or Part thereof bequeathed, nor upon any Share or Part of-the Eftate or Effeils to be paid or distributed by or under such Probate or Letters of Adminiftration : Provided also, that in every such case the Person or Persons claiming such Probate or Letters of Adminiftration free of Stamp Duty, under this Ail, shall exhibit to the Court or Person having Authority to grant the Probate or Letters of Adminiftration in such case, a Certificate of the Amount and Value of the Share and Intereft which the deceased Depofitor had in the Funds of the said Inftitution ; which Certificate shall be granted in such Form and manner as shall have been fettled by the Rules, Orders, Regulations, or Bye Laws of the Inftitutions refpeilively, and shall be signed or testified by such Person or Persons as shall be direiled therein ; and every such Certificate shall be taken and received by the Court or Person having Authority to grant such Probate or Letters of Administration, as Evidence of the Amount or Value of the Shares and Interefts of the deceased Depofitor in the Funds of the said Inftitution.

XXVI.	And be it further enailed, That in case any Depofitor in the Funds of any such Inftitution shall die, leaving a Sum of Money in the said Fund, which, with the Intereft thereon, shall not exceed in the whole Twenty Pounds, it shall be lawful for the Trustees or Managers of such Inftitution, and they are hereby authorized and required, if no Will shall be proved, or no Letters of Adminiftration shall be taken out within Six Calendar Months after the Death of the said Depofitor, to pay the fame according to

D d 2	the

General or Quarter Seflions may proceed in a summary Way*

Members of Friendly Societies not liable to Forfeiture to such Societies by subscribing to any Inftitution under this A£t.

Share of Deceased, exceeding aol. not paid but upon Probale, &c.

When Property is under the Value of 50I. no Stamp Duty to be paid in cases of Adminifba-tion.

Persons so claiming to exhibit Certificate of Amount of Share.

Such Certificate received as Evidence of Amount.

Where the Effe&s of a Per-forl dying in-teftate shall not exceed 20I. Adminiftration not neceftary.

Hosted

404

C. 103.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181J

Payments under Probates of Wills, &c. afterwards repealed, valid;

Remedy for Representative aeainft Perfen receiving.

Powers of Attorney by Trustees or Depofitors.

Receipts and Entries

free from Stamp Duty.

Where Roles direct an Arbitration, the Award to be final.

the Rules and Regulations of the said Inftitutioii in such case made and- provided; and in the Event of there being no Rules and Regulations made in that behalf, then the said Trustees or Managers are hereby authorized and required to pay and divide the fame to and amongst the Person or Persons entitled to the Effe&s of the deceased Intestate, according to the Statute of Diftributions.

* XXVII. And Whereas such Inftitutions may be subject to e confiderable Lodes on Payment of Money or Transfer of Seen-6 rities to Persons who may have obtained Letters of Adminiftration c of the Effects of a Depofitor, or Probate of a Will, or Tefta-

*	mentary Difpofition or supposed Will, or Teftamentary Difpo-

*	fition of such Deposits, which Letters of Adminiftration or Pro-

*	bate may afterwards be repealed or deemed null and void Be it farther enabled, That Payment or Transfer of any Money or Security for Money by any such Inftitution as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons having any such Letters of Adminiftration or Probate of any such Will or Teftamentary Difposition, granted by any Ecclefiaftical Court, and appearing to be in force, shall be valid and effectual with respect to any Demand of any other Person or Persons, as the lawful Representative or Reprefentatives of such Depofitor, against the Funds of such Inftitution, or against the Treasurer, Trustees or Managers thereof; but nevertheless such lawful Reprefentative or Reprefentatives shall have Remedy for such Money or Securities for Money, so paid or transferred as aforesaid, Againft the Person or Persons who shall have received the fame.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That no Power, Warrant or Letter of Attorney, granted or to be granted by any Person otr Persons as Truftee or Trustees of any Inftitution established under this A£t, for the Transfer of any Share or Shares in the Public Stocks or Funds, standing in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as such Truftee or Trustees, or of Exchequer Bills ; nor any Power, Warrant or Letter of Attorney, given by any Depofitor or Depofitors in the Funds of such Inftitution to any other Person or Persons, authorizing him, her or them to make any Depofit or Depofits of any Sum or Sums of Money in the said Funds on the behalf of the said Depofitor or Depofitors, or to sign any Document or Inftrument required by the Rules, Orders, Regulations or Bye Laws of such Inftitution, to be signed on making such Depo-Lts, or to receive back any Sum or Sums of Money depoiited in the said Funds or the Dividends or Intereft arising therefrom ; nor any Receipts given for any Dividend or Dividends in any Public Stock or Fund, nor any Receipt, nor any Entry in any Book of Receipt, for Money deposited in the Funds of any such Inftitution, nor for any Money received by any Depofitor, his or her Executors or Adminiftrators, Afiigns or Attornies, from the Funds of such Inftitution, shall be fubjetft or liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties- whatsoever.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled, That where Provifion shall be made by one or more of the General Rules, Orders or Regulations of any such Inftitution, and filed as .hereinbefore required, for a Reference to Arbitration of any Matter in Difpute between any such Inftitution, or any Person or Persons a<fting under them, and any individual Depolitor therein, or any Executor, Admi-niftrator, next of Kin or Creditor of any deceased Depofitor, oj

any

Hosted

any Person claiming to be such Executor, Adminiftrator, next of Kin or Creditor, then and in every such case the matter io in Difpute shall be referred to such Arbitrator or Arbitrators as shall have been named, according to the General Rules, Orders or Regulations of such Inftitution ; and whatever Award, Order or Determination shall be made, according to the true Purport and meaning of the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Inftitution, shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties, and shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, without any Appeal.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That this A<3 shall be deemed Public Adi. a Public A61 and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially ihewn or pleaded.

C, 105.	405

SCHEDULES.

(A.)

FORM of the ORDER for the Trustees to make Payments into the Bank of Ireland, to be produced to the Officer of the Com-miffioners there for the Reduction of the National Debt.

WE> being Three of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at [infert the Town and County], do, in pursuance of an A6t of the Fifty seventh George the Third, Cap. intituled [here insert the Title of this Ad] hereby authorize and direct A. B. to pay into the Bank of Ireland, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt,	Pounds,

and to receive for the fame, on account of us the said Trustees, a Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, carrying Intereft at the Rate of Three Pence per Centum per Diem : And we hereby declare, that the Sum above stated is the exclulive Property of the Saving Bank specified in this our Order, arising wholly from individual Contributors, not exceeding the Amount specified in the Laid A£t for the Contribution of each Contributor.

Witnefs our Hands, this	Day	of

j.

B. -	-	-	>	Truftees.

(»•)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commissioners, to enable Payments to be made into the Bank of Ireland.

J Do hereby certify, That it appears by an Order dated

produced to me conformably to the Provilions of an A61 of the Fifty seventh George the Third, Cap. intituled [here insert the Title of this Afi,] that Three of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at [infert the Town and County'] have authorized and directed A. B. to pay into the Bank of Ireland, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Sum of	Pounds,	arifing from Con-

tributions not exceeding the Amount in the said A61 mentioned, and to receive a Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, carrying Intereft at the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem.

Witnefs my Hand,	A*	-	-	- Superintendant.

D d 3	IN-

Hosted

406

C. 105.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1817.-

INDORSEMENT on the Back of the Truftees’ Order, upon the Receipt of the Debenture.

Received the Debenture within described, in virtue of the aforegoing Order.

Witnefs my Hand,	A,	-	-	a&ing for the Trustees.

(C.)

FORM of the DEBENTURE to be issued by the Officer of the Commissioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt.

No. ----------*--- £ ------------------------

Received	of the Saving Bank efta-

blifhed at	in	the	County	of

Pounds, which Sum is placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

A. B- -	-	-	Caihier.

W HE REAS by virtue of an ACt of the Fifty seventh George the Third, Cap. intituled \_here insert the Title of this Aft^, the Sum of	Pounds	hath	been	paid into the Bank

of Ireland, to ‘ the Account of the Commissioners for the Re-6 duClion of the National Debt, on account of the Saving Bank,* established at	in	the	County	of	I

Now this Debenture is chargeable on the Monies or Funds handing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt at the Bank of Ireland, and entitles the said Saving Bank to the Principal Sum of	Pounds, carrying an

Intereft after the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem from the Day of the Date hereof, payable at the Bank of Ireland, at the Fifth Day of April next, to the Trustees or to their Ufe, by the Order of Three of such Trustees indorsed hereon; or the Principal Sum contained in this Debenture, and Intereft thereon at the Rate above stated, is payable at the Bank of Ireland at any time upon the Production of such Order at the Office of the said Commissioners, the fame being indorsed under the Hands of Three of the Trustees of the said Saving Bank, directing Payment thereof to be demanded by the Person producing the fame ; and the Intereft shall in all cases be computed to and include the Five Days following the Day of the Date of such Order.

Dated this	Day	of	A.	-	- Superintendant,

This Debenture is not transferrable nor assignable.

(D.)

INDORSEMENT of the Order of the Trustees on the Debenture to receive Payment.

WE,’ Three of the Trustees of the Saving Bank within described, do hereby authorize and direCt A. B. to demand [and receive both the Principal and Intereft of this Debenture in Money], or [and receive the Intereft due thereon in Money, and also a new Debenture of the like Amount in lieu of this Debenture, bearing the like Intereft], as the case may be. Witnefs our Hands, this Day of

A.

B,	-	-	-	V	Truftees	of the said Saving Bank.

c........j

Dated the	Day	of

Hosted

57" GEO. III.

C. 105, 106.

407

(E.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commissioners to enable the Payment of the Principal and Interefl of the Debenture.

J Do hereby certify, That the Debenture No.	for	the Principal Sum of	Pounds,	hath	been delivered at the

Office in Dublin of the Commissioners for the Redudlion of the National Debt, conformably to an Order indorsed thereon under the Hands of Three of the Trustees of the Saving Bank eftabliffied at \infert the Town and County] pursuant to the Provifions of an Adi of the Fifty seventh George the Third, Cap. intituled \infert the Title of this A3~\, and that the Interest: due thereon, computed to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of the laid Order, amounts to	Pounds

Shillings and	Pence.

And I do further certify, That the said Trustees have authorized and directed A. B. [to receive both the Principal and Intereft of the said Debenture in Money] or [to receive a new Debenture of the like Amount in lieu of the said Debenture, and also the Interefl due thereon in Money], Witnefs my Hand this

Day of	A.	-	-	- Superintendant..

The RECEIPT for the above Principal and Interefl mufl be acknowledged on this Certificate as follows :

Received in virtue of the Order specified in this Certificate [the Principal Sum of	Pounds	in Money, being the

Amount of the Debenture within defcribed] or [a new Debenture for the Sum of	Pounds, being of the like Amount,

and in lieu of the Debenture within defcribed], and also the Interefl <lue thereon, computed to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of the said Ord.r.	Witnefs my

Hand,	A. -	-	- acting for the said Trustees.

ISee pojl, Cap. 130. a similar A3 for Saving Banks in England.]

CAP. CVI,

An Adi to provide for the Eftablifhment of Afylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland.

[nth July 1817.]

*	TT7 HEREAS it is expedient that the distressed State of the

*	VV Lunatic Poor in Ireland ffiould be provided for p Be it therefore enabled by The Icing’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That at any time after the passing of this A61 it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice and Confent of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Ireland, to direct and order that any Number of Afylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland ffiall be erected and eftabliffied in and for such Diftri&s in Ireland as to the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council ffiall seem expedient ; and that every such Diftridt ffiall consist of the whole of Two or more Counties,

D d 4	or

Lord Lieutenant may direct any Number of Afylums for the Lunatic Poor to be exe&ed and established.

Hosted

408

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

C. ios.

Grand Jury at Aflizes to pre-l'ent such Sum as shall he requi-fite for such Afyluni.

Lord Lieutenant may direct Money to be advanced out of the Confoiidated Fund,

After Afylum eredUtl, Grand Jury may present Sum iequir-ed for Repayment.

•Lord Lieutenant may appoint Dire6tors and Corrmuliioners for fuperintend-ing the Afylums.

or of One or more County or Counties, and One or more County or Counties of Cities or Towns, but shall not include Part only of any County, County of a City or Town ; and that all Lunatic Poor within every such Diftridl respectively shall be maintained and taken Care of in the Afylum belonging to such Diftridl ; and that every such Afylum shall be sufficient to contain such Number of Lunatic Poor, not being less than One hundred nor more than One hundred and fifty in any one Afylum, as shall seem expedient to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and Privy Council ; and every Order of Council to be made for such Purpofe shall be published in the Dublin Gazette.

II.	And be it further enacted, That any time after any such Order of Council shall be made and publiihed in the Dublin Gazette^ it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the feverai Counties, Counties of Cities and Towns, within any such District, at any Aflizes, to present such Sum or Sums of Money to be raised off such Counties, Counties of Cities or Towns respectively, as shall be requisite for defraying the Expences of erecting and establishing such Afylum, and for maintaining the fame, to such Amount and in such Proportions as shall be directed by any Order to be made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Ireland.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Ireland, to order and direct that any Sum or Sums of Money shall be advanced and issued and paid out of the growing Produce of the Confoiidated Fund of the United Kingdom arising in Ireland, to such Person or Persons as shall be named in any such Order of Couneil, or into the Bank of Ireland, in the Names of any such Person or Persons, to be paid and applied for the Purpofe of erecting and establishing any such Afylum for the Lunatic Poor in any such Diftridl in Ireland, in such Sums and at such times, and in such manner and Proportions, and under such Rules, Regulations, Terms and Conditions, and to annex such Penalties for Breach of fet Rules, Regulations, Terms and Conditions, as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council shall seem best suited for promoting the beneficial Purpofes of this Adf ; and after any such Afylum shall be fit for the Reception of such Lunatic Poor, the Grand Jury of every County, County of a City or Town, within the Diftridl in and for which such Afylum shall be erected and established, shall present such Sum or Sums of Money at the feverai ensuing Aflizes for the Repayment of the Money so advaneed, and at such times and in such Proportions as shall be directed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

IV. And be it further enadfed, That it shall and may b© lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Irelandy to nominate and appoint such Persons as lie and they shall think fit and proper to be Governors or Diredtors of every or any such Afylum in any such District, and also to nominate and appoint any Persons not exceeding Eight in Number to be Commissioners

for

Hosted

A.D.181'7.

57° GEO. III.

C. 106,107.

409

for General Control and Correspondence, and for the superintending and directing the Erection, Edabliftiment and Regulation of all such Afylums ; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland and Privy Council to make, frame and establish, or upon the Suggeftion and Recommendation of such Commissioners for General Control and Correfpondence to adopt and authorize any Rules and Regulations for the good Conduit and Management of such Afylums in general, or of any such Afylum in particular : Provided always, No Salary to that every Person who shall be appointed to be a Governor or Di- Director, &c. rector of any such Afylum, or to be one of the Commissioners for such General Control and Correspondence, shall act without any Salary, Fee, Reward or Emolument whatsoever.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to provide for the more deliberate Inveftigatron of Prefentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public "Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised by such Prefentments.	[iith July 1817.]

6	IT7HEREAS it is expedient to provide for the regular and 6 VV deliberate Invedigation of the Neceffity and Propriety of c all public Roads, Buildings and Works which may be proposed * to be executed under the Prefentment of the several Grand Juries € in Ireland, under and by virtue of sundry Adts of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament adembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful Magistrates of for every Magidrate of every County, County of a City, and certain Qualifi-County of a Town in Ireland, within their respective Jurifdiction, fat^n.s to "I66* who shall be seised and podeded of a Freehold Edate in Fee S,imple	of

or Fee Tail in Podedion of the Annual Value of Three hundred Counties under Pounds at lead, or of a Leafehold Edate in Perpetuity, or for 36 G. 3. c.25. Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years not less than Twenty (JO Years unexpired, of the Annual Value of Five hundred Pounds at the lead, or who shall be Heir Apparent to any Person seised or podeded of Freehold or Leafehold Edates of Double such Amount, or who shall be entitled to act as a Magidrate for any County of a City or County of a Town, or for any City and Liberties, according to the Charter of Incorporation of such City or Town, although not podeded of a Freehold or Leafehold Edate to the several Amounts aforesaid, to ademble, and such Magidrates are hereby required to ademble, in the Court Houfes and other usual Places of holding the Sedions in each and every County, County of a City, or County of a Town, at the General Quarter Sedions of the Peace holden and to be holden in the month of April in each and every Year, (or in the Month of July in cases hereafter provided for by this A£t,) after all the usual Budnefs at such Sedions shall have been completed ; and such Magidrates so adembled shall adjourn such Sedions for the Purpofes of this A£t from Place to Place, within every County of Ireland, until such Sedions shall have been holden at all the several Court Houfes and other usual Places of holding such Sedions in each and every Didrift within each County, under

Hosted

C.107.

57° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1817*

36 G. 3. c. 25. (!•)

and proceed to consider Efti-mates of executing Public Works.

Magistrates to be sworn to the Execution of this Aft.

Chairman to fend Lift signed of Magistrates qualifying, to Secretary of Grand Jury.

Notice of Propofals for Public Works to be polled as herein mentioned.

the Provilions of an A<ft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the better and more convenient Adminifiration of Juf ice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a summary Way at the. SeJJions of the Peace of the several Counties at large ‘within this Kingdom> except the County of Dublin; and for continuing and amending an Aft, intituled 6 An Aft for the better Execution of the Law ’and ( Prefervation of the Peace within Counties at large p and such Magistrates shall have Power to adjourn from Day to Day only (except from Saturday to Monday), and from Place to Place, until such Seffions shall be completed in every Diftridl of every County at large, and in every County of a City and County of a Town in Ireland; and shall, at every such Seffions and Adjournment thereof, upon the Bench in open Court, proceed to take into Coniideration ail Propofals for the making or repairing of Roads, or for the executing of any public Works belonging to the County of a City, County of a Town, or Diftridl in which such Magistrates are so assembled; and also shall proceed upon the Bench in open Court to swear the several Persons concerned to the Truth of such Affidavits as shall be produced to such Magistrates, with Reference to every such Propofal, according to the Directions of this ACt : Provided always, that such Magiflrate shall preside as Chairman at every such Meeting as shall be chosen by the Majority of the Magistrates then present.

II.	And be it further enacted, That at the First Meeting of such Magistrates at such Quarter Seffions (not less than Five Magistrates being present) the Magiftrate appointed to be Chairman at such Meeting shall take and subscribe an Oath according to the Form in Schedule (A. No. 1.) to this A6t annexed, by and before any Two of the said Magistrates so being present, (which Oath any Two of such Magistrates are hereby authorized to administer) ; and after such Chairman shall have been so sworn, every Magiftrate who shall attend at any such Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, before acting in Execution of this A<ft, take and subscribe such Oath in like manner by and before iuch Chairman ; which Oath such Chairman (being previously sworn as aforesaid) is hereby authorized and required to administer.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Chairman presiding at each and every such Meeting held under this A<ft shall transmit to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City or Town respectively, a correct Eift, signed by himself, of the Magistrates who shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, which Lift shall be laid before the Grand Jury by the said Secretary at the ensuing Affizes.

IV.	And be it further ena<sted, That Notices in Writing of all Propofals for the laying out, forming, making or repairing of Roads, or for building or repairing of Court Houses, Seffions Houses, Bridges or Walls, or for executing any other public Works intended to be submitted to the Magistrates at such Seffions, shall be polled by or on behalf of the Persons making such Propofals, on the Door of the Parifh Church, where there is any such Church in Repair, and where there is not any such Church in Repair, then on the Door of the next adjoining Parifh Church which is in Repair, and also on the Door of the Chapel of the Parifh to which such Propofal relates,

upon

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.107.

411

upon the Sunday Week immediately previous to the First Day of holding of such Seflions ; and a Copy of every such Notice shall be given and delivered on or before the Saturday nexL immediately preceding such Sunday, by or on behalf of the Persons making such Propofals, to the High Con liable of the Barony within which such Roads, Court Houses, Seflions Houses, Bridges, Walls or other Public Works shall be respectively situate.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to present any Money for the making or repairing of any such Roads, or for the building of Court Houfes or Seflions Houses, Gaols, Prifons, Bridges, Walls or other public Works, save and except at the Summer Aflizes in each and every Year : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to present Money for the necessary Repairs of any Court House, Seflions House, Gaol or Prifon, and for the Salary of any Officers belonging to the fame, as well at the Spring Aflizes as at the Summer Aflizes in every Year.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in this A€t contained shall be construed to limit the Authority of Grand Juries in making any Prefentment at any Aflizes for the Repayment of any Monies advanced by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or for the raiflng of any Money for the Support and Maintenance of any Charitable Efta-blifhment, or for any Purpofes not specially provided for by this A£l, for which such Grand Jury are empowered to make any Prefentment by any A£t or Adis in force immediately before the palling of this Adi.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as Performs can be found properly qualified for the Office of County Surveyors, there shall be attached to each and every County, County of a City, and County of a Town in Ireland, a Surveyor of public Works, to be named and appointed from time to time by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, and to be removable by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and every such Surveyor shall be solemnly sworn by the Foreman in the Prefence of the other Members of the Grand Jury of each and every such County, County of a City and Town, at the Aflizes for such County, County of a City or Town, next after such Surveyor shall be so named or appointed, according to the Form of Oath contained in the Schedule (marked A. No. 2.) annexed to this A61, which Oath shall be entered, signed and attested in the County Book; and it shall be lawful for such Surveyor to aft in Execution of this A£l immediately upon his Appointment until the Aflizes then next ensuing; and it shall be lawful for each and every Grand Jury respectively, at every Aflizes for every County, County of a City or Town, to present any Sum, not exceeding the Sums hereafter respectively specified, as a Salary for every such Surveyor respectively for the Half Year preceding such Aflizes, to be levied off such Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns respectively ; that is to fay, off the Counties of Corky Donegaly Downey Galway, Kerry, Mayoy Tipperary and Tyrone, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred Pounds $ and off the

Counties

No Preferments for Money for Public Works, except at Summer Aflizes; except for Repairs and Salaries as herein mentioned.

Provifo for Pre-fentments for Repayment of Monies advanced by Order of Lord Lieutenant,&c.

Surveyor of Public Works to be appointed by Lord Lieutenant and sworn in each County.

Form of Oath.

Grand Jury may present Salary for Surveyor, • to be levied as herein mentioned.

Hosted

412

C.I07.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

No Surveyor to be appointed that has not received a Certificate of his Qualification from a Board of Civil Engineers in Dublin, to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant.

Surveyors to have full Power of Confervators and Gverfeers.

Counties of Armagh, Clare, Derry, Limerick, Meath, Monaghan and Wexford, a Sum not exceeding Two hundred and fifty Pounds ; and off any other County at large in Ireland, a Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounds ; and off any County of a City or County of a Town, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds : Provided always, that no Person shall be appointed to be such Surveyor of the Public Works, unless he shall have been previouflv examined by a Board of Civil Engineers in Dublin, and shall have obtained a Certificate from such Board, setting forth that such Person hath been duly examined, and is qualified to undertake the Office of Surveyor as aforesaid ; and such Board of Civil Engineers or Per-fons appointed to conduct such Examination, and grant such Certificates as aforesaid, shall consist of at least Three Civil Engineers, and shall be appointed from time to time for such Purpofes by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and shall act without any Salary or Emolument; and such Surveyor shall be and he is hereby veiled with all Powers heretofore veiled in the Confervators of public Works in the several Counties in Ireland; and no Confervator of public Works shall be appointed or shall continue to act in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, in or for which any such County Surveyor shall be appointed under this A<ff ; and every such Surveyor shall be taken and deemed to be an Overfeer of all or any public Works within the County, County of a City or County of a Town, for which he shall be appointed, and shall certify his Opinion upon such Works, as are hereinafter more particularly specified, and shall have and keep an Office open for his regular Attendance on Bufinefs in the County Town of the County, or in the County of a City or County of a Town, for which he shall be so appointed, and shall give his Attendance at all Affizes for the County, County of a City or Town, for which he shall be appointed, for the Purpofe of being examined upon Oath or otherwise by the Court of Grand Jury, upon all or any Matters touching the Execution of his Office.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for the fame Person to be appointed Surveyor to any Two Counties, or to any County, and also to any County of a City and County of a Town, if it shall be thought expedient by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and that in such case the Magiflrates required by this A<ff to assemble at the General Quarter Seffionsof the Peace in the Months of April or July in each Year shall assemble iri one of such Counties, or Counties of Cities or Towns, at the April Quarter Seffions, and in the other of such Counties or Counties of Cities or Towns at the July Quarter Seffions, in each and every Year; and that the said several Seffions shall be holden repe&ively in each such County, or County of a City or Town, in April or July respectively, as shall be specified for that Purpofe in the Appointment of such Surveyor ; and whereof Notice shall be given by such Surveyor to the Clerk of the Peace of each such County, or County of a City or Town respectively, Fourteen Days at least before the first Day of each such Session re-fpedlively.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That in case such Surveyor shall disabled, he may ^fabled from giving his Attendance on account of Indisposition,

eputeanot er. ^ ^ certified to the. Grand Jury upon Oath, it shall and may be

lawful

To keep an Office open.

Same Surveyor may be appointed to Two Counties, &c.

In what Place Quarter Seffions in such case to afTemble.

Notice of Seflions.

If Surveyor be

Hosted

A.D.1817.

C. 107.

413

57° GEO. III.

lawful for such Surveyor to depute another Surveyor to act for him, such Surveyor so deputed having been previoully examined by the Board of Civil Engineers as aforesaid, and having taken the Oath appointed for Surveyors, and having been likewise approved by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Oovernors of Ireland for the time being ; and such Surveyor, so deputed, shall be paid and shall be entitled to receive the full Salary payable to the Surveyor by whom he shall be so deputed; and in case any Surveyor shall be disabled by Indifpofition from Attendance on his Duty for Six Calendar Months successively, a new Surveyor shall be appointed in his Stead.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, for which any such Surveyor shall be appointed, to present any Money to be levied for the erecting or repairing any Building, the Eflimate for which shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, or for the laying out any new Road or Footpath, or for the widening an old Road, or lowering a Hill, or tilling up a Hollow, or filling up Grips, the Expence of which respectively shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, unless the Necefhty or Expediency of such Works respectively, together with the Plans (where any such Plans shall be required by Law to be made) and Eftimates for the fame, shall have been previously examined by such Surveyor ; and that in all cases in which such Surveyor shall not concur in the Neceflity or Expediency of the Work proposed, such Surveyor shall attend the Grand Jury at the Afiizes, and shall be examined by them touching the fame ; and that in all cases where such Surveyor shall approve of the Work being executed, but shall disapprove of the Plan and Eflimate laid before him, it shall be the Duty of such Surveyor to prepare a new Plan and Eflimate, or to alter the Plan and Eflimate which have been so proposed to him in such manner as he shall think fit and proper, previous to the fame being laid before the Grand Jury for their Decifion.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed to be Surveyor of public Works pursuant to this A& shall lay before the Magiflrates assembled at every Special Sefiions authorized and required to be holden under this Adi, and also before the Grand Jury at every Afiizes, a full and particular Report of the several Duties of his Office performed by him since his Appointment to such Office, or since the Date of any former Report made by him at the Sefiions and Afiizes immediately preceding ; which Report shall also contain a detailed Statement ol the Progrefs, Repairs, State and Condition of the several Court Houses, Sefiions Houses, Gaols, Bridewells, Roads, Bridges, Walls and other public Works within the County, County of a City or County of a Town, of which such Person shall be Surveyor, for the Expences whereof the Grand Jury are by Law enabled or required to make any Prefentment ; fpecify-ing which of such public V/orks or Roads are of moil immediate Neceflity or Utility, and whether any others are required ; Hating also the several Roads or Lines of Communication which it may be necessary to. open, and the Roads and Ways which it may be expedient to shut up, or to turn or divert, or to leave to be repaired at private Expence only ; flating also the Names and De-fcriptions of all Persons prosecuted by such Surveyor for any injury

Qualification and Oath by such Deputy.

Person deputed shall receive the Salary.

No Prefentment for any Building above the Sum of 2ol. or for the laying out a nesv Road or Footpath, See. unless examined by County Surveyor.

In what case Plan and £lli-mate may be altered, or new ones.

Surveyor to make a Report of the State of all Public Works, Roads, &c. within the County.

What such Report is also to contain.

Hosted

C.107.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Roads (Exception) classed in l'uch Repoit.

Report verified upon Oath if required by Grand Jury. Copy tranfmit-ted to Chief Secretary of Lord Lieutenant, &c.

Propofals for executing Work to be done by E him ate, vouched by an Affidavit.

Eftimates to be lodged with Surveyor, 8<.c. Six Weeks before the Session, &r.

Surveyor, &c. to arrange Efti-mates, and mkae separate Schedules of the fame.

jury or Nuifance to such Roads, and before what Magistrate, and with what Refult any Profecution for any such Offence was had, and generally Hating all Matters relating to the Office of such Surveyor, or heretofore belonging to the Office of Confervator of public Works : And in such Report all Roads (not being Turnpike Roads) shall be classed under the Three following Heads or Di-vifions ; First, The Direft or Pofl Roads, being such as form an immediate Line of Communication between the County Town and the City of Dublin, or between such County Town and any other County Town, or between such County Town and any Bog, or any Seaport or any Port or Place of Exportation situate on any navigable River; Secondly, Cross Roads, being such as form an immediate Line of Communication between the County Town and any Market Town, or between one Market Town and another, or between any Market Town and any Bog, or any Seaport or Port or Place of Exportation situate on any navigable River ; Thirdly, Private or narrow Roads communicating between Market Towns and Villages or between Villages and Villages : And such Surveyor shall also state in such Report what Turnpike Roads pass through any Part of the County, and the Places within such County where such Turnpike Roads begin and end respectively ; and every such Report shall (if so required by the Grand Jury) be verified upon the Oath of such Surveyor, which Oath the Foreman of such Grand Jury is hereby authorized to administer : And a Copy of such Report shall be annexed to and printed with the Lift of Preferments made at such Aflizes, and shall be transmitted to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and laid before Parliament in like manner as is required by Law with respect to such Preferments.

XII. And be it further enacted. That every Propofal for executing any Road or other public Work shall be made upon an Efti-mate vouched by a grounding Affidavit, in such Forms as are now required by Law, or in such other Forms as may from time to time be directed and authorized by the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or Town ; and every such Eflimate and Affidavit shall (in such Counties where any County Surveyor shall be appointed pursuant to the Provifions of this A 61) be lodged with such County Surveyor, and in such Counties where it shall happen that no such Surveyor shall be appointed, shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace, Six Weeks at the least previous to the Fir A Day of the Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden in the Months of April or July respectively in each and every Year, pursuant to the Provifions of this A6t; and every such Surveyor or Clerk of the Peace (as the case may require) shall immediately, upon the Receipt of such grounding Affidavits, arrange the fame to the best of his Skill and Knowledge, according to the several DiftritAs in which they shall be, to be taken into Confideration, and shall number all such Affidavits, and shall make Abftra<As of the Contents of the fame in separate Schedules, according to the Number of Diftri&s, (that is to fay, One Schedule of the Abflradls of all such Affidavits for each District,) with a separate Schedule for all such Presentments as are liable to be presented, to be levied either on the County or Barony, at the Difcretion of the respective Grand Juries; and every Abftra6t in every such Schedule shall be marked with

II	a	Number

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.107.

415

a Number corresponding with the Numbers indorsed upon the feve-ral Affidavits, and in such manner as that all the proposed Repairs on any Line of Road in any Diftridl shall be placed in regular Order one after the other.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the County Surveyor, or the Clerk of the Peace where no such Surveyor shall be appointed, ffiall lay before such Magistrates at such Seffions, and the several Adjournments thereof, all the Propofals, Affidavits and Eflimates which ffiall have been lodged with him as aforesaid, for executing public Works within the Diftridl or County of a City, or County of a Town, in which such Magistrates shall be so assembled, together with the Schedule of the fame so made by him as aforesaid ; and the Opinion of such Surveyor respecting all such Propofals, Affidavits or Eftimates ffiall be ftgnified at the Foot of every Affidavit relating to such Propofals or Eftimates in any County in which such Surveyor ffiall be appointed ; and such Magistrates so assembled, or such Number as ffiall be present, being not less than Three, ffiall proceed, in open Court upon the Bench there, to take into Confideration and dispose of all such Propofals whereof Notice ffiall have been polled and given in manner required by this Adi, and none others, such Notice to be proved to the Satisfaction of such Magistrates ; and such of the said Propofals as ffiall be approved by the Majority at such Seffions as aforesaid ffiall be signed by the Chairman, with the Word “ approved” prefixed, and all such Propofals as ftiall be disapproved by the Majority at such Seffions ffiall be signed by the Chairman, with the Word “ difapproved” prefixed; and such Chairman, in all cases when the Numbers are equal, ffiall have a calling voice : Provided always, that all Affidavits relating to such Propofals for public Works ffiall be sworn before the Magistrates aflem-bled as aforesaid within the Diftridl in which such Work is proposed to be executed, in open Court upon the Bench there j and that in all cases the Chairman of such Meeting, and some one other Magiftrate present at such Meeting, ffiall both of them sign the Jurat of every such Affidavit; and that so soon as the Magistrates assembled at such Meeting ffiall have examined and decided upon all such Propofals for public Works in such Diftridts as ffiall be laid before them at such Meeting, the County Surveyor, or Clerk of the Peace where no such Surveyor ffiall be appointed, ftiall fill up in Writing the Form of Prefentment applicable to each Propofal, for the Execution of such Works as ffiall be approved of by such Magistrates, in Conformity with the Opinion of the Magistrates at such Meeting, specifying at the Head of each Prefentment the Adi under which such Prefentment is authorized to be made by the Grand Jury ; and the Chairman of such Meeting ffiall deliver all such Propofals, whether approved or disapproved, together with the Affidavits, Eftimates, Specifications and Certificates relating to the fame, to the said County Surveyor or Clerk of the Peace ; and all such Propofals, whether approved or disapproved, together with the Form of Prefentment relating to such of them as are approved, ftiall, by the said Surveyor or Clerk of the Peace, be forthwith transmitted or delivered to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, to be laid before them at the next ensuing Afiizes.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That it ftiall not be lawful for any Sheriff of any County, County of a City or County of a Town,

to

Schedules to be numbered with the fame Numbers as on Affidavits.

Surveyor, &c. to lay Propofals before Seffions;

together with Opinion of Surveyor.

Proceedings by

Magiftrates

thereon.

All Affidavits for grounding Prefentmentsto be sworn before Meetings of Magistrates io the proper Diftridts.

Surveyor to fill up the Form of Prefentment according to the Opinion of the Meeting.

Propofals and Prelentments to be delivered to Secretary of Grand Jiwy.

Treasurer, Secretary, Col-ledlor,&c. not to

Hosted

C. 107.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

be impannelled on a Jury.

Oath of Grand Jury, relating to Prelentments for railing Money, &c.

Grand Juror may disclose Evidence given, &c. ?s to such Prefentments.

Secretary to Grand Jury to make Schedules, containing Ab-ftrads of all Applications and other matters herein mentioned.

to return upon any Pannel for any Grand Jury at any Afiizes in such County, County of a City or County of’a Town, any Person who shall be either Treasurer of the County, Secretary of the Grand Jury, County Surveyor, Chief Constable or Colle&or of any Barony, or Clerk of the Crown and Clerk of the Peace.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That after the Commencement of this A<ft, each and every Grand Juror, immediately after being sworn before the Judge of Afiize, in such manner and Form as hath heretofore been practised according to Law at the several Afiizes in Ireland, shall, in open Court at iuch Afiizes, also take the Oath foL 1 owing ; that is to fay,

‘ OU shall diligently inquire, on behalf of the County, [or,

*	County of the City or County of the Town] of

‘ and true Prefentment make, of ail such matters and things as fhall

* he lawfully given to you in Charge, or as shall come before you ‘ in any wise relating to the raising of any Money upon the said < County [or, County of City or County of Town] of

*	or upon any Barony, Half Barony, Diftritft or Parifh therein, or

*	relating to the accounting for the Expenditure of any such Money;

‘ You shall not present, nor allow nor disallow any matter or thing,

4 nor shall you leave any matter or thing unprefented which is pre-‘ fentable, through Hatred, Malice or 111 Will, nor through Fear,

*	Fayour, Affection or Reward: But in all such things you fhall

*	prefent the Truth, the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth,

‘ according to the bell of your Knowledge and Judgment.

‘ So help you GOD/

And it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Juror to disclose any Evidence or other matter or thing whatsoever relative to the making or refusing of any such Presentment, or relative to the accounting for the Expenditure of any Money raised by Presentment; any Law, Statute, Cuftom or Ufage whatever to the contrary in anywise not-withftanding.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That the Secretary to the Grand Jury shall, forthwith after the Meetings of Magistrates shall have been held in the several Diftri£ts at the times fpecined, and that the several Propofals, Affidavits, Eftimates and Forms of Prefentments have been lodged with him as aforesaid, arrange and number all such Propofals* Affidavits, Eftimates and other matters relating to Presentments, and shall cause Abftra£ts thereof to be made and inserted in Schedules, to be made (one for each Barony and Half Barony, and one for the County) with each Item separately numbered, in a Series, correfpond-ing to the Numbers of the respective Affidavits or other matters to which every such Item shall respectively relate, distinguishing by the Words “ approved” or “ difapproved” the Determination of the Magistrates on every such Propofal, at any Meeting holden under this A£t, and stating the Sum of Money required for each Item, and calling up the Amount of all such Sums at the Foot of each Page, and carrying forward the fame, so as to shew the total Amount of the Sum which is proposed or required to be raised off the County at large, and the Sums proposed or required to be raised in each Barony and Half Barony, and specifying the Amount of the Charge which such Amount would, if presented, occasion on each Barony or Half Barony, particularizing and distinguishing the Charge proposed or

required

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.107.

417

required to be railed on. every Barony or Half Barony for their reflpedlive life, and the Proportion of the Sums so to be raised on the fame Barony or Half Barony arising from the Charge on the County at large ; and such Secretary shall cause a Copy of such Schedules to be inserted in the County and Barony Books, according as the Charge shall belong either to the County or Barony, always inserting in the County Book such as may be doubtful, as deperxling on the discretionary Power veiled in Grand Juries ; and such Secretary shall forthwith cause a Number of Copies of such Schedules to be printed and distributed, Fifteen Days at lead before the Commifiion Day of the ensuing Summer Afiizes, among the several Magistrates of each District, and such other Persons as usually compose the Grand Pannel of the County, County of a City or Town, to which such Secretary belongs, not exceeding Thirty Copies for each Barony and Half Barony; and such Secretary shall likewise deliver a Copy of such printed Schedule to the Foreman of the Grand Jury, immediately after such Grand Jury shall have been sworn, and also a Copy to the Judge of Aflize, immediately upon his opening the Com-mifiion, and shall keep a Copy in his Office for the Infpe£tion of all whom it may concern ; and the said Secretary shall have such Copy ready for Infpedlion at his Office at all reasonable time9, after such Schedule has been printed, previous to such Afiizes.

XVII.	And be it further ena£ted, That the Secretary to the Grand Jury at every Summer Afiizes (fo soon as the Grand Jury shall be sworn at such Afiizes) shall deliver all such Affidavits as have been sworn at any and every Seflions of fueh Magistrates, together with the Form of the Prefentments on such of them as shall have been approved of by the Magistrates at any such Seflions to the Foreman of such Grand Jury, and such Grand Jury shall proceed to take the fame into Confideration ; and such of the said Prefentments as shall be disapproved by such Grand Jury shall and may be forthwith either altered or cancelled accordingly, and shall, by the Secretary, be erased from or altered in the County or Barony Books ; and such of the said Prefentments as shall be approved by the said Grand Jury shall be sanctioned, conformably to such Approyal, by the Signature of the Foreman of such Grand Jury ; and it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to make any Prefentment in refpett of any Road or public Work, the Particulars of the Propofals relating to which shall be entered in such printed Schedules, although any such Propofal for such Road or public Work shall have been disapproved of by the Magistrates at any such Seflions ; and also to pre-fent any smaller Sum to be expended, or any less Number of Perches of Road to be made, widened or repaired, or any less Number of Perches of Fences to be made, or at a smaller Rate by the Perch, than may be required or fet forth in any Affidavit and Eftimate on which any Prefentment shall be grounded, or to present a Part only of any Sum required, according to the Difcretion of such Grand Jury, as they shall think proper.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Prefentment shall be taken into Confideration by the Grand Jury, nor shall be fiated by the Court for any of the Purpofes aforbsaid, unless the Particulars of such proposed Prefentments shall be entered in such printed Schedules ; such Presentments, matters or things only excepted as Grand Juries are or may be authorized by Law to present, the Particulars of

57 Geo. IJI.	E	e	which

Copy of Schedules to be inserted in the County and Barony Books, and to be printed and distributed.

Secretary to deliver a Copy of Schedule to the Foreman of Grand Jury and to the Judge of Afsize, Scc.

Affidavits and Forms of Presentments delivered by the Secretary to the Foreman of the Grand Jury. Proceedings thereon.

Grand Jury may make Prefentment in respect of Public Works entered in such Schedules, although Propofals disapproved by Seflions.

No Prefentment to be considered or fiated if not entered in printed Schedule, except such as are required by

Hosted

418

c. 107.

570 GEO. III.

A.D. 1817'

I.jiw, and the Amount whereof could not be previously afcer-tained.

Grand Juries may present for ludden Damage to Bridges, See. although not entered in Inch Schedule,

Grand Jury may make Prefent* ments of Allowance to Clerk of Peace, &c.

but no Money prefentable for any Person holding Offices, un less he has made Affidavit as herein mentioned.

which and the Amount whereof cannot be ascertained under the Pro-vifions of this A&, until after the times respectively herein specified as aforesaid, or until after the Grand Jury shall have been impan-nelled at the Afiizes ; all which Presentments, matters and things shall and may be presented by such Grand Jury after being so im-parmelied, although the Purpofe thereof shall not be specified or referred to in any of such Schedules as aforesaid, and although no Particulars of the fame shall have been delivered in manner required by this A€t with respect to any other Prefentments proposed or required to be made by such Grand Juries : Provided always, that if it shall appear by the Oaths of Two credible Persons, who occupy and pay Cefs for Ten Acres of Ground within such County, and by the Cer^ tificate of the County Surveyor, in any County where such Surveyor shall be appointed, that any Road or any Bridge or Part of a Bridge* or Pipe, Arch or Gullet or Wall, shall have been damaged by sudden Accident, after the time when such Schedule shall have been printed,, and that it is absolutely necessary to rebuild or repair the fame before the Afiizes next following, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to present such Sum or Sums of Money as may be sufficient to rebuild such Bridge, Arch, Pipe, Gullet or Wall, and for the Court to fiat such Presentment, although the Particulars of such Prefentment shall not have been printed in such Schedule : Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, at any Spring or Summer Afiizes, to present any Sum or Sums of Money, as may be sufficient for the Repair of any Road or the carrying on of any public Work in any County where a Surveyor shall be appointed, upon the Certificate of such County Surveyor that such Repair is absolutely necessary, or that greater Expence would be, in the Opinion of such Surveyor, incurred by the Delay of such public Work, and on the Certificate of Two Magistrates approving of the Amount of the Sum proposed to be expended ; any thing in this A£t contained to the contrary in anywise nolwith-ftanejing.

XIX* And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any Summer Afiizes for any County in which no County Surveyor shall be appointed* to present any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be railed off such County, as an Allowance or Remuneration to the Clerk of the Peace for his Attendance at the preceding. General Quarter Seffions, and for the performing and executing the Duties required by this A61 to be performed by such Clerk of the Peace, in cases where no such Surveyor shall be appointed ; and it shall and may also be lawful for any Grand Jury to present any Sum or Sums of Money in the Way of Salary, or any other Allowance, for the Payment or Remuneration of any Person holding or executing, or having held or executed, any Office for which such Salary or Allowance is claimed, as well at any Spring Afiizes as at any Summer Afiizes, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding ; but that no Prefentment shall be made for any Payment or Remuneration to any such Person, unless there be an Affidavit of fuefi Person prefixed to the Form of such Prefentment when laid before such Grand Jury, sworn before a Juflice of the Peactf in Prefence of the Grand Jury, setting forth, that such Officer; for whom the Money is required to be presented, hath diligently and faithfully executed the Duties of his Office, as prefcribec|

-	'	’	., by

Hosted

57* GEO. III.

C. 107.

419

by Law, fincethe preceding Affizes ; and that he has entered into all such Recognizances for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, which by any Law he is required to do, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, specifying the Names of the respective Sureties ; and no Application shall be made for any Prefentment for any Salary or Remuneration to any Person at any Affizes which might have been applied and presented for at any previous Afsizes, unless the Person making such Application shall make an Affidavit, Hating some Rea-fons satisfactory to the Grand Jury why such Application was not made at such previous Afsizes; and if it shall happen that any Application for any Salary or Remuneration shall be rejected or refused by any Grand Jury at any Afsizes, on Account of any Negle6l or Mifcondu6l in Office of the Party making such Application, it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any subsequent Afsizes, to make any Prefentment for any such Salary or Remuneration in refpe£l of any Period previous to the Affizes at which such Application was rejected or refused.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That all Accounts of the Expenditure of every Sum of Money presented by any Grand Jury for the making or repairing of any Road, or executing any other Public Work within any Barony or Half Barony of any County, or within any County of a City or County of a Town, shall be delivered by or on behalf of the Party accounting to the County Surveyor, in Counties where such Surveyor shall be appointed, or to the Clerk of the Peace in Counties where it shall happen that no such Surveyor shall be appointed, Six Weeks at least before the Eirfl Day of the several General Quarter Seffions to be holden for the Purpofes of this A6f, in and for every Diftri£t of such County, or in and for such County of a City or County of a Town respectively, in the Months of April or July respectively next after the Summer Affizes at which such Prefentments shall have been made ; and at every such Seffions all such Accounts, and all Vouchers relating thereto, shall be verified by the Affidavit of the attending Overfeer appointed by the Grand Jury, and shall be examined in open Court at such Seffions by the County Surveyor, in Counties where such Surveyor shall be appointed ; and all such Affidavits shall be sworn in open Court, and attested by Two Juflices of the Peace attending at such Meeting, in the Prefence of each other ; and all such Accounts, and all Affidavits relating thereto, shall be signed by the County Surveyor who shall have examined the fame, where there shall be such County Surveyor, and shall be forthwith transmitted or delivered to the Secretary of the Grand Jury by such County Surveyor, or by the Clerk of the Peaee where no such Surveyor shall be appointed, to be proceeded upon by such Grand Jury at the ensuing Summer Afsizes, in such manner in all Refpe&s as is now required by Law with refpedf to accounting Affidavits laid before Grand Juries at any Affizes.

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That no Affidavit accounting for the Execution of such Public Works as aforesaid shall be allowed by the Grand Jury or Court at any Affizes for any County in which a County Burveyor shall be appointed, unless such Surveyor shall have previously certified at the Foot of such Affidavit, that in his Opinion such Work has been executed faithfully and honestly, according to Presentment; and in case of the Repairs of any Road, every such Affidavit shall state, and such Surveyor shall certify at the Foot

E e 2	thereof,

P: evifo where Application for Salary refused by Grand Jury by reason of Mifcondubt of Officer.

Account of Expenditure of Money in each Barony, verified by Affidavit, to be delivered to the County Surveyor or Clerk of the Peace for Examination, and transmitted to the Secretary of the Grand Jury.

Regulations as to the taking, of such Affidavits.

Proceedings on such Accounts, &c.

No Affidavit for accounting for the Execution of such Woks allowed, unless County Surveyor certifies. .

Hosted

420

C. 107.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Accounting Affidavit may be traversed, provided Notice given to the accounting Overfeer.

How such Trs-verfe is to be tried.

Fee on Traverfe.

Ccfts.

Sums not expended and accounted for within Two Years, to be presented again3 &c.

Provifo as to Monies raised by Inftalments.

Where Baronies confill of diftinit and unconnected Parts, the Sums to be railed on them may he apportioned.

thereof, that he is satisfied that the Parts of the Roads so repaired were the worst, and such as mod required Repair, between the given Points specified in such Affidavit.

XXII. And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person occupying or paying Cefs for Ten Acres of Ground to appear at any such Afsizes, and to offer to controvert the Truth of any accounting Affidavit there produced, on the Ground of the Infufficiency of the Execution of the Work to which such Affidavit shall relate ; provided that the Person offering to controvert the Truth of such Affidavit as aforesaid shall have given Notice in Writing of his Intention so to do, to the accounting Overseer, before the First Day of such Afsizes; and whenever any such Person so having given Notice as aforesaid shall so appear and offer to controvert the Truth of such Affidavit, it shall be lawful for the Court at such Afsizes, and they are hereby required, to try the Truth of the Fa£f or Fa£ts alleged in Controverfion of the Truth of such Affidavit, by a Jury, in the same manner as any Traverfe of any Action within the JurifdiCtion of such Court ought to be tried at such Afsizes; and in case the Truth of such FaCt or FaCts shall be found, the accounting Affidavit shall be disallowed accordingly ; and it shall not be lawful for the Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace, or any other Persons, to take or receive, upon such Traverse, any Fee for or in respect of any such Traverfe exceeding the smallest Sum which may be taken by Law upon any Traverfe within the JurifdiCtion of such Court; and it shall be lawful for the Court before which such Trial shall be had, to give such Coils either to the Party controverting such Affidavit, in case such Affidavit shall be disallowed, or to the accounting Overfeer in case such Affidavit shall be allowed, as such Court shall in either case think fit and reasonable.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever and so often as it shall happen that any Sum of Money heretofore presented, or hereafter to be presented, to be raised off any County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Barony or Half Barony, shall not be expended agreeable to such Presentment, and accounted for within the Space of Two Years next after such Prefentment shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, and they are hereby required, again to present such Sums of Money, to be applied to other Purposes, and in like manner to present any Saving which may be made on any Presentment; to be expended upon some other Work within the Barony or Half Barony upon which the former Sum or such Saving was presented to be raised, or within the County, if raised on the County at large : Provided always, that where Sums are presented to be raised by Inftalments for executing any Public Work, it shall not be imperative on the Grand Jury again to present such Sums for other Purpofes in manner aforesaid.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the Commencement of this ACt, in all cases where any Barony within any County shall conftft of any Two or more diftinCt and unconnected Parts, being more than Five Miles distant from each other, and the Grand Jury shall he of Opinion that it would be convenient and expedient to consider such unconnected Parts as separate Baronies or Half Baronies, it shall and may be lawful for such Grand Jury to present any Sums to be raised upon such Barony, in such manner that

a Pro-

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

G 107.

42 i

a Proportion of such Sum may be raised on each of such unconnected Parts of such Barony, in like manner as\if such Parts were separate and distinct Baronies or Half Baronies; and the fame shall be raised and levied accordingly ; any former Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where, upon tn case of Per-any Affidavit for grounding any Presentment, or for accounting for jury>Grand public Money, it shall appear to the Grand Jury that the Person or JurT Pre" Persons making such Affidavits has or have been guilty of wilful and p'oVeciufon.6 ° corrupt Perjury, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, with the Confent of the Judge, to make such Prefentment for defraying the Profecution of such Delinquent as to them may seem fitting and expedient.

4 XXVI. And Whereas it is* expedient that Regulations ffiould 4 be made for further securing the Refponfibility of Treafurers and 6 ColleCfors of Money raised by Prefentment in the several Counties 4 in IrelandBe it therefore enabled, That from and after the ter- Treasurer, &<v mination of the several Spring Affizes which will be in the Year to g'ye Securities One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, it shall not be lawful for Recognizance ^ any Person to act as Treasurer of or for any County, County of a '

City or County of a Town in Ireland, or as Collector of any public Money in any such County, County of a City or Town, or in any Barony or Half Barony, Parifh, Tow-nland, Diftridt or Divifion of any County at large, unless the Security to be given by such Treasurer or Collector and their Sureties shall have been previously approved by His Majefty’s Attorney or Solicitor General for Ireland, or by fomeone of His Majefty’s Serjeants at Law in Ireland, testified by an Opinion in Writing, signed by some one of such Persons, figni-fying their having examined and approved such Security, which Opinion shall be laid before the Grand Jury, and the Judge at the ensuing Affizes ; nor unless such Treafurers and Collectors shall have given Security, with Two Sureties (in such Sum as the Grand; Jury shall require), by Recognizance to His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-ceffors, conditioned for the due Performance of their Office, and duly accounting for all Monies received by them on. the Account of such County..

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Treasurer, &e. termination of the several Spring Affizes which will be in the Year 2?^° be a One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, it shall not be lawful for to™# Vs*uch°r any Person to be Treasurer of any County, County of a City or after Appoint-County of a Town, or ColleCtor of any public Money in any such ment;

County, County of a City or Town, or in any Barony, who shall be and t0 make a Merchant or Trader, or who shall adf as a Merchant or Trader at Oath refpefling any time after he shall be appointed to be such Treasurer or Colledlor, herein^ention-or who shall not, when required by the Grand. Jury at any Afsizes, ed, when remake Oath before them, setting forth that he is pofTefTed of Property quired by Grand of his own to the full Amount of the personal Security which he is lury* required to give by Law upon undertaking the Office of Treasurer or Colledlor, and that such Property is over and above his just Debts ; and no Adt or Adis for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors shall extend or be construed to extend to relieve, release or exonerate any such Treasurer or Collector from the Effedl of the Recognizance given by him, or to prevent any such Treasurer or Collector, or his Sureties, from being liable for the full Amount of the Recognizances

E e 3	feverally

Hosted

4 22

Treasurer not to compound of make Deductions.

Refufing or neglecting to pay, £fec.

or aCting without Security approved, Si. c.

fined and dif-mified,and incapable.

AbflraCt of Treafurer’s Account to be printed, Sec.

High Conftables not to be appointed Collectors.

Provifo as to Grand .Tory removing Collectors.

County Rates to be collected by Half Yearly Payments.

Provifo for County and City of Dublin.

a6 G. 3. c. 14.

(f)

C.107.	57° GEO. III.	A.D. 1817.

federally entered into by them as aforesaid, unless such Person or Per-fons shall be specially named in such Infolvent ACt.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Treasurer of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, ftiall compound for any Sum to be raised on the Public, nor shall make any Deductions whatsoever from any Sum paid by him to any Person but such as he shall duly account for ; and it any such Treasurer shall offend therein, or neglect to make up his Accounts, or shall refuse or neglect to pay the Amount of all such Quaeres as shall have been discharged, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction in the Way of Difcount ; or if any Person shall act as Treasurer or Collector without his Security being approved as aforesaid, or without producing a Certificate from the proper Officer that his Security has been duly recorded in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland\ or shall act either direCtly or indirectly as a Merchant or Trader after he shall have been appointed Treasurer or Collector, such Treasurer or Collector so offending in any of such Particulars shall be fined by the Judge of Affize in such Sum as he shall think fit, and shall be by him dismissed from such Office of Treasurer or Collector, and be thenceforth rendered incapable of ever holding such Office of Treasurer or Collector.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That an accurate AbflraCt of the Account of every Treasurer of a County, County of a City or Town, stating all his Receipts and Payments from the preceding Afsizes, with the Balance in the Hands of such Treasurer at the Commencement of such Account, shall be printed and prefixed to the Copies of undifeharged Quaeres when printed after each Afsizes, with the full Balance of the public Money then in the Hands of such Treasurer stated at the Foot thereof.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That no High or Chief Con-ffable shall be appointed by the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, to be the Collector of any public Money to be raised within such County, County of a City or Town, or in any Barony or Half Barony, Parifh, Townland, DiftriCt or Divifion within any County at large ; and that no Collector of any public Money, who shall have been or shall be appointed by the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or Town, shall be removed or displaced by any subsequent Grand Jury for such County, County of a City or Town, unless for reasonable Caufe shown in open Court, and allowed by the Judge at some Affizes for such County, County of a City or Town refpeCtively ; any Law, Pradtice or Ufage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this ACt, the County Rate in every County in Ireland shall be collected by Two equal Half Yearly Payments, at such times as Money presented at the several Spring and Summer Affizes refpeCtively are collected ; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding*.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this ACt contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the County of Dublin or to the County of the City of Dublin, except only so far as is hereinafter expressly enacted and provided by this ACt.

c XXXIII. And Whereas by an ACt passed in the Parliament of c Ireland in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His prefer)t < Majesty, intituled An Aft for makings widening and repairing public

‘ Roads

Hosted

A.D.l 817*

57° GEO. IIE

C.107.

423

i Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing Parts of several f Abts formerly made for that Purpose; it is enabled, that every 1 Affidavit to ground a Preferment or to account for Work done,. ‘ shall be lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury Four Days c at least before the first Sitting Day of each presenting Term ; and 6 it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the said County of 6 Dublin that the said Affidavits ffiould be lodged with the a6ling < Secretary of the Grand Jury of the said County so many Days *• previous to the first Sitting Day of each ^prefenting Term, that 6 Schedules of such Affidavits might be prepared and printed for * Delivery to Magiltrates and others previous to such Term Be it therefore enacted, That all Affidavits for Prefentments for forming, leyelling, fencing, draining, widening, making, repairing or otherwise improving any Road in the County of Dublin, and for the building, repairing or otherwise improving any Bridge, Session House, Gaol or other Mafon Work in the County ; and also all accounting Affidavits of Overseers appointed from Year to Year to keep the Roads of the said County in Repair and free from Nuifances, shall be lodged Thirty Days at the least before the first Sitting Day of each presenting Term, with the acting Secretary of the Grand Jury of the said County ; and such Secretary is hereby required to keep an Office open for the Purpose, and forthwith after the Receipt of such Affidavits to cause Schedules of such Affidavits to be prepared and printed, and to be ready for Delivery at his Office Twenty one clear Days before the first Sitting Day of each presenting Term, to such Magistrates and Landholders in the said County of Dublin as may apply for the fame ; provided that the Number so to be printed shall not exceed One hundred for each Barony in the said County of Dublin (the Baronies of Saint Sepulchre’s and Donore excepted).

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the said County of Dublin, and they are hereby authorized and required, at each presenting Term for the said County, to'prefent such Sum or Sums as shall be necessary for defraying the Expences of preparing and printing the said Schedules \ provided always, that an Affidavit of the Printer, stating his Charge to be usual and reasonable, be first laid before the said Grand Jury at such presenting Term ; and that no such Prefentment for the preparing such Schedules and printing of such Copies shall be made, unless such printed Copies were ready for Delivery at the Office of the Secretary7 Twenty one clear Days before the first Sitting Day of the Term at which such Prefentment shall be applied for.

XXXV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A£t contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect or alter any Clauses, Powers or Provifions contained in any special A£t or A<fts of Parliament, relating particularly to the Erection or Maintenance of any Court House, Seffions House or County House, or to any Gaol or Prifon in or for any7 County, or County of a City, or County of a Town, in Ireland*

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled, That this A<ft shall commence and take Effect from the First Day of November One thou-fand eight hundred and seventeen, and not sooner.

E e 4	SCHE-

Certain Affidavits to be lodged 30 Day previous to pre^ tenting Term, with acting Secretary of Grand Jury,

Schedules of such Affidavits prepared and printed for Delivery 21 Days before the Term, in the County of Dublin.

Grand Juries may present for Expences of preparing and printing such Schedules, on Affidavit of Printer that his Charge is reasonable.

Provifo for Local Ails re-fpeifing Court Houles ,&c.

Commencement of Ait,

Hosted by GOOQ le

424

C.107-

57° GEO. Ill

A.D. 1817-

SCHEDULE (A. No. i.)

FORM of Oath of Magistrates at Quarter Seffions, acting in Execution of this Aft.

4 T A. B. of C. D. do swear, That I am seized and possessed of a 4	Freehold Eftate in Fee Simple, or in Fee Tail, in Pofsession, of

4 the annual Value of Three hundred Pounds, [or, of a Leafehold 4 Eftate of Perpetuity, or, for Life or Lives, or, for a Term of Years 4 not less than Twenty.Years unexpired, of the annual Value of Five 4 hundred Pounds ; or, that I am Heir Apparent of F. F. who is 4 seized or possessed of a Freehold Eftate of the annual Value of Six 4 hundred Pounds, or, of a Leafehold Eftate for Life or Lives, or 4 for a Term of Years not less than Twenty Years unexpired, of 4 the annual Value of One thousand Pounds ; and that such Eftate is 4 situate in the Parifh of	or,	that	I am entitled

4 to aft: as a Magiftrate for the County of the City of 4	or,	for the County of the Town of

4 according to the Charter of Incorporation thereof, [fating the par-4 ticular Qualification under which such Magifrate shall claim to a8, 4 as the case shall require] ; and that in the Execution of an Aft made 4 in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, 4 intituled '[here insert the Title of this	I	will	truly, faithfully

4 and impartially do and perform all fnch matters and things as I 4 am authorized and required to do by the said Aft, without Fayour, 4 Afsection, Hatred, Malice or 111 Will, according to the best of my 4 Judgment upon the Information to be laid before me.

4 So help me GOD.5

SCHEDULE (A. No. 2.)

OATH of County Surveyor.

<	County 1 I	having been duly

4	J approved Surveyor of the County [County of the

<	City, or County of the Town] of	do swear,

<	That I will diligently and faithfully execute the Duty of a Sur-

<	veyor of the said County [County of a City, or. County of a

<	Town] according to the Rules and Regulations of such Office,

<	as specified in and by an Aft passed in the Fifty seventh Year of

<	the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here fet forth the

<	Title of this	; and that I have not certified and will not

<	certify my Opinion upon any public Work which shall be pro-

<	pofed to be executed within this County, or upon any such public

<	Work after it has been executed, without having previously care-t fully viewed and considered the fame, conformably to such Certifi-

<	cates respectively ; and that in all matters which concern my Duty

<	as Surveyor, I will impartially declare and certify the Truth, the c whole Truth and nothing but the Truth ; and that in examining

<	the Accounts of public Money expended in the said County,

<	[County of a City, or, County of a Town] I will execute the c Duties by the said Aft required truly, diligently and impartially,

<	to the best of my Skill, Knowledge and Belief, without Favour

<	or Afsection, Pique or Partiality ; and that I have not received,

<	nor will receive, directly or indirectly, by myself or any other

<	Perfon, any Fee, Reward, Profit or Advantage, over and above

<	the Payment authorized by Law.	So	help me GOD.5

CAP.

Hosted

57° GEO. IIL

C. 108.

425

CAP. CVIII.

An Ad for the Regulation of levying Tolls at Fairs, Markets, and Ports in Ireland.	[iith July 1817.]

C WT PEREAS certain Cuftoms, Tolls and Duties unwarranted e VV by Law have been at sundry times levied in Ireland : And

*	Whereas it would tend materially to prevent the fame, if a Board e or Boards, specifying the separate Cuftoms, Tails or Duties pay-c able on all Articles fold at any Fair or Market, or upon landing 1 the fame at any Port, and the Name or Names of the Person or € Persons or Corporation claiming the fame, were publicly exhibited

*	at such Fairs, Markets and Ports Be it therefore enacted by	#

The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the First of July One thousand eight After July 1, hundred and eighteen, all Persons colleding Cuftoms, Tolls or 1818, painted Duties, or claiming the fame, at any Fair, Market, or Port in Ire- ?oaI^sj^l>ec^’“ land-, shall ered, affix and keep up, during the whole Continuance	**

of such Fair or Market, in some conspicuous Place at each principal Markets and Entrance of the fame, and the principal Quay or Landing Place at Ports, each Port, a painted Board, having thereon a Schedule in large and legible Characters, specifying distinctly the Cuftom, Toll or Duty claimed on each and every Article or thing fold at such Fair or Market, or landed at such Port, and the Names of the Person collecting the fame, and of the Person or Persons or Corporation claiming Right to the fame, so that such Boards may be referred to and examined by all Persons desirous of so doing.

II.	And be it further enacted, That every Person who ftiall Levying Tops attempt to collect or levy any Cuftom, Toll or Duty, without

having previously erected such Boards as aforesaid, or without having Boar(j3

kept up the fame as aforesaid, shall for every Cuftom, Toll or Duty

which he shall attempt to collect or levy, either in Money or Kind,

not being specified on such Boards as aforesaid, or at a time when

such Boards ftiall not be up as aforesaid, forfeit for every fuch

Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings to any Person suing for the Penalty 403,

fame.

III.	Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That in case Provifofor

it shall appear that the Toll Board or Boards shall have been de- Boards removed faced or removed by Violence, then such Colledor shall not be liable Violence, &c, to such Penalty, unless he shall negleCt to reinstate such Boards as soon as the fame may be reasonably done.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall de- Removing, See. face or remove such Board or Boards, or shall be engaged in any ,uch Boards by Riot in which such Board or Boards ftiall be defaced or removed, force’

shall forfeit Five Pounds to any Person suing for the fame.	Penalty 5I.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Penalties hereinbefore Penalties how fet forth shall be recoverable and recovered, on summary Convic- recovercd. tion of either of the Offences aforesaid, before any Two Magiftrates

or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Town where such Offence shall be committed, and shall be levied by Diftrefs under Dilbess, the Warrant of such Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, who are hereby empowered to issue the fame.

VI.	Pro-

Hosted

C. 108,109.

57° GEO. III.

Appeal to Quarter Sefikns.

Schedules of Tolls to be delivered to Clerk of cne Peace.

%

Provifo for levying Tolls after Delivery of Schedules.

Clerk of the Peace to give Certificate of Regilbry of Schedules. Provifo for Rights, &c. of Persons claiming Tolls, &c.

The Subfidy and Alnagc of the Old and New

A.D. 1817.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for Persons so conviCted to appeal in the usual manner to the next ensuing Quarter Sellions, where the case iliall be finally determined.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all Persons or Corpor-

ations claiming a Right to levy any Cuflorn, Toll or Duty at any Fair or Market or at any Port in Ireland, shall and they are hereby required, on or before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to deliver in to the Clerk of the Peace of the Countyr, Cityr or Town where such Cuftom, Toll or Duty may be claimed, a Schedule of the Tolls, Cuftoms and Duties claimed by such Persons or Corporations on every Article fold at such Fairs or Markets, or landed at such Ports ; and in default thereof, that it shall not be lawful for any such Persons or Corporations to levy any such Cuftom, Toll or Duty, or any Person for them ; and that such Persons or Corporations, and all Persons attempting to levy any Cuftom, Toll or Duty for them, shall incur and forfeit such Penalty or Penalties as have been provided by Law against Persons taking illegal Tolls :	Provided always, that it shall and may be

lawful for Persons and Corporations who shall deliver such Schedules after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, to levy the legal Cuftoms, Tolls and Duties after they shall have delivered in such Schedule as aforesaid.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That the Clerk of the Peace shall keep a Regiftry of all such Schedules, and shall give to every Person or Corporation as aforesaid a Certificate of having regif-tered such Schedule, when such Schedule shall be delivered to him.

IX.	And be it further enacted,- That nothing in this A61 shall (except as is hereinbefore provided) extend, diminish or alter the Rights of Persons claiming or paying Cuftoms, Tolls or Duties at such Fairs, Markets or Ports, or the Penalties to which they may become liable, or their Mode of Redress, otherwise than as the fame are at present by Law established.

CAP. CIX.

An Acl to aboliffi the Subfidy and Alnage of the Old and New Draperies, and of all Woollen Manufactures, in Ireland ; and to authorize the Payment out of the Confolidated Fund of an Annual Sum to John Lord de Blaquiere, during the Continuance of his Intereft in the Office of Alnager.

[l ith July 1817.]

6	7	PEREAS	it	is	expedient,	for	the	Encouragement	of	the

c \\ Woollen Manufactures in Ireland, that the Subfidy and c Alnage of Old and New Draperies, and of all other Woollen

*	Manufactures made in Ireland, should be abolished, and that all

*	Regulations relating to the fame and to the said Manufactures 6 should be repealed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice andConfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and immediately after

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 109.

427

the passing of this A£t, the Subfidy and Alnage of the Old and New Draperies and Draperies, and of all Woollen Manufactures whatever made within Ireland, shall cease, determine and be no longer due or payable ; any thing in an A£t made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the I7^i8Car, a. Second, intituled An Act for the true making of all Sorts of Cloth, (I) called the Old Drapery and New Drapery, and the true searching andfeal'tng thereof by His Majesty*s Alnager within this Kingdom, or any other Law, Statute, Ul'age, Prefcription or Cuftom what-soever, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this A6t, the said recited A£t of the Seventeenth and *7 & 18 Car. a. Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles W the Second, and also an A6t made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present 19 & 20 Car. 2. Majesty, intituled An Ad for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom; and also an A <51 made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of si & aa Car. a. His present Majefty’s Reign, for repealing so much of the said (I-) recited A <51$ of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Elis present Majefty’s Reign, as relates to the New Dra. pery, Cottons and Stockings ; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majefty’s and 40 G. 3 (I.) Reign, intituled An A3 for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts heretofore passed in this Kingdom, for the true making of Woollen Cloth called and known by the Name of Old Drapery, and all Clauses, Powers, Provifions and Regulations in the said ACfs or any of them contained, ffiall be and the fame are hereby repealed, repealed.

4 III. And Whereas the Right Honourable John Baron de Bla-c quiere is, under and by virtue of certain Letters Patent under the c Great Seal of Ireland, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of July c One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, entitled to hold the

*	Office of Alnager in Ireland, to him, his Heirs, Executors, Ad-c miniftrators and Afsigns, for the Remainder of a certain Term 6 of Forty eight Years, in the said Patent specified and yet to come

*	and unexpired ; and all the Fees, Profits and Emoluments of the ‘ said Office will immediately after the passing of this ACt be en-< tirely put an End to ; and it is fitting that some Compenfation 6 ffiould be made for the Lofs of such Fees, Profits and Emolu-

c ments Be it therefore enadfed, That One Annuity or Yearly Annuity of 500!. Rent or Sum of Five hundred Pounds Brittfh Currency shall be grained to Lord iftuing and payable out of and charged upon the Confolidated de Blaquiere as a Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (after Compensation^ paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of h;s office of ° Money as have been directed by any former A <51 or ACls of Par- Alnager, to be * liament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other paid Quarterly Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon* or payable out of the Con-out of the laid Fund) ; and the fame shall from time to time be fohdated Fund paid Quai[terly, free and clear of all Taxes and Dedu&ions whatfo- the Remainder2 ever, in manner and Form following ; that is to fay, to the said of his Intereft in John Baron de Blaquiere, his Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or the Patent, Afsigns, for and during so much and such Part of the said Term of Forty eight Years as is yet to come and unexpired, which faid

Annuity

Hosted

C. 109,110.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Acquittances of Lord de Bla-qaiere, &cc. fuf-ficientDiicharges for Payment of the fa id Annuity.

80 much of any A£t as regulates the Number of Charges of Low Wines, &c. repealed.

Diflillers to pay the Duties for such Quantities of Spirits as might be produced from the Number of Charges of Low Wines specified in Table annexed.

Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum shall commence and take Effeft from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and feven-teen, the First Payment to be computed from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen until the Tenth Day of Ottober One thousand eight hundred and seventeen,. and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable on the Four usual Days of. Payment in the Year, that is to fay, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of 0Bober, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions ; and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to ifTue and pay the said Annuity, or to cause the fame to be ifTued and paid from time to time out of the growing Produce of the said Confolidated Fund arising in Ireland, by Four Quarterly Payments in manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enabled, That the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum shall be considered as the Emoluments and Profits of the said Office of Alnager during the said Term of Years yet to come and unexpired ; and that the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said John Baron de Blaquiere, his Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns respectively, shall according to their several and respective Interefts be good and sufficient Dil-charge and Difcharges for the Payment of the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Five hundred Pounds in manner aforesaid, without any other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be paid free and clear from all Taxes,, Charges and Impofitions whatsoever.

CAP. CX.

An Acl to make further Regulations for the better collecting and securing the Duties upon Spirits distilled in Ireland.

[1 ith July 1817.]

c	HE	REAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for

< VV the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland:9 Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Commencement of this Aft, so much of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, at the time of the palling of this Aft, as regulates or defines the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable, wherefrom any Diftiller is chargeable with Duty in respect of any Still or Stills used by such Distiller, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that from and after the Commencement of this Aft every Diftiller in Ireland shall, for every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days during which any Still or Stills in the Diftillery of such Diftiller shall be chargeable as working under the Regulations or Provifions of any Aft or Afts in force in Ire-land for the regulating or securing the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, be charged with and shall pay Duty for such respective Quantities of Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates specified in any Aft or Afts in force from the feveral

12	Number

Hosted

C. 110,

429

57° GEO. III.

Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines severally fet forth in the Table to this Adi annexed, for and in respect of each and every such Still being of the several Contents in the said Table specified and contained, in lieu of the former Charges in respect of such Stills; and that the said Table, and all and every the matters therein specified and contained, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Adi to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever ; and that Further Duty in every such Diftiller shall, over and above such several Quantities re- relped of Stills fpedtively, be charged with and shall pay Duty in respect of each as and every such Still or^Stills, for as much more Spirits as might be	bepr<>S

produced, according to the Rates in the said Ads specified, from all duced according Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings which such Diftiller shall to the Rates in actually distil within every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty the said Adis eight Days, over and above such several Quantities respectively ; hiec‘fied-and the Officer or Officers of Excife shall make a Return of the Officer of Excite Quantities of such Spirits, and of the Duties thereon accordingly ; to make Re-and such Diftiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned, under turns-fuch Rules, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits diltilled in Ireland.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Diftiller who DiHiller working shall be licensed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons under the Regu-Content, and who shall work the fame under the Rules, Regulations, ^rTiable1 to Reftridlions and Provifions hereinafter in this Adi mentioned and Ninety Charges contained, shall in respect of such Still be chargeable and charged only of Singlings with and shall pay Duty for every such Period of Four Weeks or or Low Wines Twenty eight Days, during which the Still of such Diftiller shall be ^Ko^Weekf chargeable as working, for such respective Quantities of Spirits as 0 our might be produced, according to the Rates specified in any Adi or Adis in force, from Ninety Charges only of Singlings or Low Wines, for and in respect of such Still, according to the Content thereof; any thing in this Adi or the Schedule thereto annexed, or in any other Adi or Adis to the contrary in anywise notwithftand-ing ; and that every such Diftiller shall, over and above the Quan- Further Duty tities aforesaid, be charged with and shall pay Duty for as much for as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates aforesaid, m?r® j5P,rits as from all Worts, Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings which as herein such Diftiller shall actually distil within every such Period of Four mentioned, ac-Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above such Quantities afore- cording to the said ; and the Officer or Officers of Excife shall make a Return of Rates aiorelaid. the Quantity of such Spirits and the Duties thereon accordingly ; and such Diftiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned, under such Rules, Regulations and Diredtions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Adi or Adis in force for the regulating or securing the Colledlion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Diftiller keeping Diftiller licensed to keep a Still or Stills under One thousand Gal- Still of a certain Ions Content, and exceeding One hundred Gallons Content, shall SoticTVhen'he insert in the Notice which he is bound by Law to give to the Coliec- intends to worke tor, Surveyor and Gauger before he commences or re-commences with Turf only to work a Still, or shall give Notice in like manner Six Days before chaired, the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight

Days,

Hosted

4:50

C.110.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Duty in such case how to he charged.

Notice also to be given to the CornmifUoners;

fubje£t to the full Number of Charges for Default.

Stills worked with Coal, &c. after giving such Notice, to be fubjebl to the full Number of Charges.

Coals, &c. found on l’re miles, after Notice of working with Turf, to be forfeited, and

Penalty 200I. and fubjebl to full Number of Charges.

Penalty on Diftiller licen fed to keep a Still of certain Content,

having Brewing

Days, during which any Still shall be chargeable as working, that such Diftiller purposes to work any Still or Stills in his Pofleflion during the next succeeding Period with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, such Diftiller shall for every such Period, during which any such Still or Stills shall be worked with no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged with and pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates aforesaid), from Five Sevenths of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines to which such Still would otherwise be liable ; and also with Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the said Rates from all Wafh, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines, which such Diftiller shall actually distil within such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above the Quantity produceable from such reduced Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines as aforesaid : Provided always, that every such Diftiller shall also, Six Days previous to the Commencement of any Period during which such Diftiller purposes to work any Still or Stills in his Pofleflion with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, give Notice of such his Intention to the Cornmiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, and in Default of giving every such respective Notice, the Still or Stills of such Diftiller so making Default shall be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the whole of such Period.

IV.	Provided also, and be it further enabled, That if any Still in the Pofleflion of any Diftiller shall ap any time during any Period in which the Diftiller shall have given Notice of working any such Still or Stills with Turf only, be worked with any Coal, Coke, charred Turf or other Fuel than Turf not charred; every such Still shall be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the. whole of such Period ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enabled, That whenever any Diftiller shall have given such Notice that he purposes to work any such Still or Stills in his Pofleflion during any Period with Turf only as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for such Diftiller to have or keep within his Diftillery or any Premifes connected therewith, at any time during such Period, any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not charred ; and if, during any such Period, any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not charred shall be found within the Diftillery of such Distiller, or within any Premifes connected therewith, all such Coal or other Fuel shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Diftiller within whose Diftillery or other Premifes such Coal or other Fuel shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds ; and such Diftiller shall also be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the said Period, for and in respect of every Still in his Diftillery, which shall by Law be considered as working, without any Allowance whatever for or in respect of the Ufe of Turf therein, and as if every such Still had been, worked with Coal during such Period.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Diftiller licensed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have, keep or make use of any Copper or Vef-fel, or Coppers or Vefleis, for warming or boiling Water for brewing

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.110.

431

ing Worts, Wadi or Pot Ale, which in the whole diall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twenty Gallons for every One Gallon which the Still which such Diftiller shall be licensed to keep shall be capable of containing ; and if any such Diftiller shall have, keep or make use of any such Copper or Coppers, Veffel or Veffels, which shall in the whole be of a greater Content than as aforesaid, all and every such Copper and Veffel shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excife ; and such Diftiller diall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds ; and it diall be lawful for the Officer who shall seize such Copper or Coppers, Veffel or Veffels, to cause the Contents of the fame to be spilled.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it diall not be lawful for any Diftiller licensed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have, keep or make use of any greater Number of Madiing Kieves than One Maffiing Kieve, nor any Mafh Kieve which diall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twenty four Gallons for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which such Diftiller shall be licensed to keep ; and if any such Diftiller diall have, keep or make use of any greater Number of Madiing Kieves than One Mafhing Kieve, or if any such Diftiller shall have, keep or make use of any Madiing Kieve which diall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twenty four Gallons for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which such Diftiller shall be licensed to keep, every such Second or further Madiing Kieve, and also every Madiing Kieve which shall be of greater Content than as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excife, together with any Materials which shall or may be found therein respectively; and every such Diftiller diall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That every Person requiring a Licence, after the Commencement of this Aft, to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, diall, in the Account which such Person is by Law required to make out, sign and deliver, before the granting of any such Licence, specify and fet forth the true and. full Number of Gallons which each and every Copper, and the true and full Number of Gallons which the Mafh Kieve, and alfo^ the true and full Number of Gallons which each and every Back or other Veffel to be kept or used by such Diftiller for keeping or fermenting any Worts, Wadi or Pot Ale, is or are capable of containing, and diftinouidiing each such Copper, Kieve, Back and Veffel by the Number thereof respectively ; and if any such Diftiller diall have, keep or make use of any Copper or Kieve, or any Back or other Veffel for keeping or fermenting any Worts, Wadi or Pot Ale, of which such Account diall not have, been made out, signed and delivered as aforesaid, or of the Number or Content of which any false or untrue Account diall be delivered; or if any Copper or Kieve, or any Back or Veffel for keeping or fermenting Worts, Wadi or Pot Ale in the Poffeffion of any such Distiller, diall exceed the Content specified in such Account as being the Content of such Copper, Kieve, Back or Veffel, every such Diftiller diall, in each and every of the refpeftive

Copper of greater Content than herein mentioned.

Such Diftiller having more than One Mafh Kieve of certain Content, Forfeiture of Mafh Kieve,and

Penalty 50].

Persons applying for a Still Licence to deliver an Account, specify ing the true Content of every Copper, See. and Back or Veffel for fermenting Worts, &c.

Hosted

Penalty aol. and Copper, &c. forfeited.

Size of each Back for fermenting Pot Ale shall not exceed the Proportion of 14 Gallons for every Gallon Content of the Still.

Penalty 50I.

and Back, Sec. forfeited.

Content of Backs, See. for fermenting Worts, &c. exceeding 84 Gallons for every Gallon Content of Still, forfeited, and Penalty iool.

Such Diftillers not to make use of more than One Under Back, and that to be in the proportion of 12 Gallons to every One Gallon Content.

Under Back, Sec. forfeited, and

Penalty 50L CertainDiftillers keeping any fermented Worts, Warti or Pot Ale ia aDy

C.110.	57° GEO. III.	A.D.1817.

case and cases aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and every such Copper, Kieve, Back or other Veflel, with the Contents thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excife.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That it shall not be lawful for any Diftiller licensed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have, keep or make use of any one Back or other Veflel for fermenting any Worts, Wafli or Pot Ale, which shall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Fourteen Gallons for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which such Diftiller shall be licensed to keep ; and if any such Diftiller shall have, keep or make use of any Back or other Veflel for fermenting Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale of any greater Content than as aforesaid, every such Diftiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Back or Veflel which shall be of greater Content than aforesaid; and every such Back or Veflel, together with all or any Material which the fame shall or may contain, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excife.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Diftiller licensed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have, keep or make use of Backs or Veflels for fermenting Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, which altogether shall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Eighty four Gallons of Wort, Wafh or Pot Ale, for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which fuchDiftiller shall be licensed to keep ; and if any such Diftiller shall have, keep or make use of Backs or Veflels for fermenting Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, ^11 of which together shall be of greater Content than as aforesaid, every such Diftiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and all and every such Backs and Veflels shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excife.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Diftiller licensed to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have, keep or make use of any greater Number of Under Backs than One Under Back, nor any Under Back which shall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twelve Gallons for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which such Diftiller shall be licensed to keep ; and if any such Diftiller shall have, keep or make use of any greater Number of Under Backs than one Under Back, or if any such Diftiller shall have, keep or make use of any Under Back which shall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate aforesaid, such Second or further Under Back, and also every Under Back which shall be of greater Content than as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excife, together with any Materials which shall or may be found therein respectively ; and every such Diftiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XU. And be it further enabled, That it shall not be lawful for any Diftiller licensed to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have or keep in any Cooler any fermented Worts, Wafli or Pot Ale, nor shall have or keep therein any other Liquor

or

Hosted

C. 110.

433

or Material, save and except Water or Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale not fermented ; and if any such Diftiller shall have or keep in any Cooler any fermented Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, or any other Liquor or Material, save and except Water or Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale not fermented, every such Diftiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for

any Diftiller licensed to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have or keep any fermented Worts, Wadi or Pot Ale, or any Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale in any Stage or Procefs of Fermentation, in any Under Back or Cooler, or in any Cade or Veffel, other than and except in the licensed Still of such Distiller, or in such Backs or Veffels for fermenting Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, and the Still Charger of which Backs, Veffels and Still Charger of which such Account as by Law required shall have been duly given to the Colledlor of Excife or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the DiftriCt ; and if any fermented Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, or any Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale in any Stage or Procefs of Fermentation, shall be found in, or shall be difeovered to have been in any Under Back or Cooler, or in any other Cade or Veffel than such Still or such fermenting Backs and Veffels and Still Charger, every such Diftiller in whose Poffeffion any such Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale shall be found, or shall be difeovered to have been contrary thereto, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds :	Provided	always	that no such Still Charger fhall

be capable of containing any greater Quantity than the Still which such Diftiller shall be so licensed to keep ; and if any Still Charger shall be found in the Poffeffion of such Distiller, which shall be of greater Content than aforesaid, the fame diall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excife ; and the Diftiller shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIV.	Provided also, and be it further enabled, That no Ctfpper, Kieve, Cooler, Under Back or fermenting Back or Veffel or Still Charger, nor any material the fame may respectively contain, shall be forfeited or liable to Seizure, nor shall any Diftiller be liable to any Penalty imposed by this A61 in respect thereof, for or by reason of any Excefs of Content of such Copper, Kieve, Cooler, Under Back or fermenting Back or Veffel or Still Charger re-fpedlively, not being more than Five per Centum above the Content thereof respectively prescribed, limited and appointed by this A61 ; any thing hereinbefore to the contrary notwith(landing.

XV.	And be it further ena6led, That it shall not be lawful for any Diftiller licensed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content to make any greater Number of Brewings than one Brewing in any one Day ; and if any Corn or Grain, mashed or un-mashed, shall be found in the Mafhing Kieve of any such Diftiller at any time between the Hour of Eight of the Clock of the Night of one Day and the Hour of Six of the Clock of the Morning of the next succeeding Day, every such Diftiller fhlall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pc undo.

XVI.	And be it further ena6led, That it shall not be lawful for any Diftiller licensed to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to make, extract or produce from any one Brewing of Corn or Grain any greater Quantity of Worts, Wafh or Pot

57 Geo. III.	F	f	Ale,

Cooler,

(Exception)

Penalty 50L

Such Diftiller having any Worts, See. in any Calk or Veflelotherthan licensed Back and Still,

Penalty iool. Having Still Charger of undue Content, forfeited, and

Penalty 20I.

No Seizure of Copper, &c. on account of their Excefs in Content, unleis it be more than 5 per Cent.

Certain Diftil-lers not to brew oftener than once a Day, &c.

Penalty icol.

Such Dillillers not to make more Pot Ale, &c. from any brewing than 1 a Gallons

Hosted

434

C.110.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817

for every Gallon Ale, than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twelve Gallons of Content of Still. Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which such Diftiller shall be licensed to keep ; and if any such Diftiller shall make, extract or produce any greater Quantity of Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale than as aforesaid, every such Diftiller Penalty 50L shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Such Diftiller XVII. Provided always, and be it enabled, That if any Diftiller requiring a Li- having at the time of the palling of this Aft a Licence in force to of * ioo^G allons ^ keep a Stiff or unc*er One hundred Gallons Content, shall, after Content and the Commencement of this Aft, require a Licence to keep such Still, who shall be de- or a Still of the like Content, and shall be desirous of working the firous of working fame, under the Rules, Regulations and Provifions of any Aft in under this Adi, force immediately before the Commencement of this Aft, for re-cTtion&of ft)6 gulating and securing the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits distilled doing,upon con- iR Ireland, (fave as to the Number of Charges of Singlings or fenting to pay Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable, wherefrom for 100 Charges any Diftiller is under the Provifions of the said Aft chargeable with of Singlings per Duty for any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days during 111!'	which any Still of such Diftiller shall be chargeable as working,)

it shall and may be lawful for such Diftiller so to do, with the Leave of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, upon such Distiller, in his Application to the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes for such Licence, setting forth that he is willing and consents to be chargeable and charged with and pay Duty for a Quantity of Spirits produceable, according to the Rates specified in any Aft or Afts in force, from Two hundred Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for each and every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days for which the Still of such Diftiller shall be by Law chargeable as working ; and thereupon the said Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall and may, if they shall think fit, grant to such Diftiller a Licence to keep such Still, and to work the fame accordingly, specifying in every such Licence the Confent of such How Diftiller to Diftiller to be chargeable and charged as aforesaid ; and thereupon be charged every such Diftiller shall, from and after the granting of such thereupon. Licence, be chargeable and charged with and shall pay Duty for each and every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days during which the Still of such Diftiller shall be chargeable as working, for such respective Quantities of Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates specified in any Aft or Afts in force, from Two hundred Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, for and in respect of such Still, according to the Content thereof; and that every such Distiller, over and above the Quantity aforesaid, shall be charged with and shall pay Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates aforesaid, from all Worts, Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings which such Diftiller shall actually distil within any such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above such Quantities aforesaid ; and the Officer or Officers of Excife shall make a Return of the Quantity of such Spirits and the Duties thereon accordingly; and such Diftiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned, under such Rules, Regulations and Direftions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Aft or Afts in force for the regulating or securing the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

6*	XVIII.	Pro-

Hosted

A.B.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 110.

435

XVIII.	Provided also, and be it enabled, That every such Diftiller Every such who shall so consent to be chargeable and charged with and shall pay Dift'Uer lb con-for such Number of Charges as aforesaid, shall and may and he is uf^utenfils*”3^ hereby authorized to have, keep and make use of any Copper, though not con-Kieve, Cooler, Under Back or fermenting Back or Veflel, although formable to Act, the fame may not be of the proper Dimenfions or Content, according

to the Regulations of this A& ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding :	Provided always, that an Account of Provifo.

every such Copper, Kieve, Cooler, Under Back or fermenting Back and Veflel, shall have been duly made out and delivered to the Collector of Excife, or other Oflicer in charge of the Colle&ion of the District, and entered and registered in the Excife Office of such Diftridft.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Treasury may ful for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United diipenfe with Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, when they shall deem it debiting to expedient, by Order in Writing under the Hands of any Three of size of Diftillers’ them, to dispense with all or any of the Regulations in this A£t Vefiels,&c. and relating to the Size, Dimenflons or Contents of Coppers, Kieves, mak© other Backs or other Veffels or Utenfils, or to the mafhing or brewing of Stations,

any Corn or Grain, or to the making, extracting or producing any Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale ; and it shall also in like manner be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury to make and issue such other Rules and Regulations for the said Purposes, or any of them, as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper ; and all and every such Rules and Regulations shall be obeyed and complied with by every such Diftiller.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of any Diftiller liable to

Spirits which shall have been or shall be lodged in any of His Ma- Duty on Defi-jefty’s Warehoufes or Stores, shall at any time or by any means	of	Spirits

fall short or be deficient of the actual Quantity which ought to be m are °u e* or remain warehoused or secured, after allowing for so much and

such Part of such Spirits as shall have been delivered for Exportation or Home Confumption, or for Removal to any other of His Majefty’s Warehoufes or Stores, if any such shall have been so delivered, the Diftiller or Proprietor of such Spirits shall be subject and liable to the full Duties due and payable upon such Spirits at the time when such Deficiency shall be ascertained, for and in respect of the Quantity so deficient as aforesaid, and shall pay and satisfy the and to pay the fame before any of the Spirits so warehoused or secured then re- fana© before maining shall be permitted to be taken out of such Warehoufe or ®P'

Stores, and all such Spirits so remaining shall be fubjedi to the -Quties may Duties on the Quantity so deficient, and shall and may be sold for levied by Payment of the fame, and of Warehoufe Rent and other Charges; Diftrefs. and it shall also be lawful for the Collector of Excife, or other Officer in Charge of the Colle&ion of the District, to issue his Warrant, and cause to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale the Duties due and owing on the Quantity of Spirits so deficient, in the like manner and with the like Powers, Authorities and Remedies in all Refpedts, as any Colle&or of Excife, or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, is by Law authorized and empowered to levy or cause to be levied any Duties due by any Diftiller.

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That in case any Spirits ware- Diftiller not to housed in any of His Majefty’s Warehoufes or Stores shall be de- maintain A&ion

E f 2	ft t oyed	Crown

Hosted

436

C. 110-

57° GEO. III.

A.D.18J?

on Spirits deft royed by Fire in King’s Warehouses ; no Duty payable on Such Spirits.

Provifions of former A&s relating to the Collection of Duties on Spirits in Ireland extended to this

Aa.

Recovery and Application of Penalties according to 14 Sc 15 Car. a. ('•)

46 G. 3. c. 106.

and any other Aft in force in Ireland.

Appeal.

Commencement of Aft.

ftroyed by Fire, it shall not be lawful for the Distiller, Proprietor, or other Person whatever, to claim or demand, or to maintain any Action or Suit against His Majesty, or against the Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or against any Officer or Person employed by or acting under the said Commifiioners, for any Compenfation or Damages for or on account or by reason of such Spirits having been destroyed by Fire as aforesaid; and no Duty shall be demanded or paid for any Spirits so destroyed as aforesaid.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery prescribed, mentioned and contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland for the regulating or securing the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ire-land, shall be applied and put in Praftice in the Execution of this A (ft as fully and effe<ftually to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever as if all the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Reftri<ftions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said A<fts or any of them, had been expressly repeated and reena<fted in this Aft, and made applicable to the Provifions herein contained, except so far as the fame are repealed or altered by this Aft or any other Aft or Afts ; and that the said Afts and this Aft shall be construed together as One Aft to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, so far as the fame are compatible or confident with each other, and as the said Afts are amended and altered by this Aft.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Aft, shall be paid and recovered in Briti/h Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied and applied in such manner .and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Aft of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An A cl for settling of the Excife or new Impojl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors9 according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Aft made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to provide for the better Execution of the several Ads relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Commijfioners of Cujloms and Port Duties, and the Commijfioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Exciie, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Conftruftions and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and reenafted in this Aft, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Afts, or any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife, is provided.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall commence and take Effeft from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

TABLE

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

a no, 111.

437

TABLE referred to by this A£L NUMBER of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable, wherefrom any Diftiller in Ireland shall be chargeable with Duty within a Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, in respect of every Still of such Diftiller being of the several Contents following ; (that is to fay,)

CONTENTS OF THE STILL.

NUMBER OF CHARGES.

3,000	Gallons and upwards			-	-		no Charges.

Under 3,000	and not less than		-	2,750	-	-	IX3

2,750	-	-	-	2,500	-	-	IX5

2,500	-	-	-	2,250	-	-	121

2,250	-	-	-	2,000	-	-	126

2,000	-	-	-	U75°	-	-	13°

i>7 50	-	-	-	i,5°o	-	-	x35

1,500	-	-	-	1,250	-	-	*43

1,250	-	-	*	1,000	-	-	*54

1,000	-	-	-	750	-	-	172

750	-	-	-	500	-	-	891

500	-	-	-	400	-	-	218

400	-	-	•	3 00	-	-	2 44

300	-	-	-	200	-	-	272

200	and exceeding		-	100	-	-	3°4

Not exceeding 100, and not less than 44					-	-	200

CAP. CXI.

An A£t to fuspend, until the Tenth Day of OElober One thou-fand eight hundred and nineteen, a Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines.	[11th	July	1817.]

c TIT HEREAS it is expedient to fuspend, for a limited time,

* V\ Part of the Duties payable on Sweets or Made Wines 1 made in Great Britain ;J Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and,by the Authority of the fame, That from From Aprils, and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred 1B17, OneThird and seventeen, One Third Part of the Duties of Excife payable on every Barrel of Liquor made in Great Britain for Sale, by In- onSweets or fusion, Fermentation or other wife, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Made Wines Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials suspended till whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by 0<^-105 l%l9> the Name of Made Wines, and so in .proportion for any greater or excePt Airears* less Quantity, shall be suspended until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, paying or allowing any Arrears thereof, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine,

Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

F f 3	II.	And

Hosted by

438

C. Ill, 112.

A.D.I817-

One Third of Countervailing Duties on Sweets of Irifh Manufacture imported, suspended.

25 G.3. c.31.

§x.

tVhen Money is wanted in Department of Victualling for Payment of Bills, &c. Cornmiffioners may apply by Letter to Treasurer of Navy to solicit from Treal'ury Sums required; such Money to be issued to Bank on Treafurer’s Account.

570 geo. in.

II. And be it further enabled, That One Third Part of the Countervailing Duties on Sweets or Made Wines of Irifh Manufacture which shall be imported direCtly from Ireland to Great Britain, shall be suspended during all such time as One Third Part of the said internal Excife Duty on Sweets or Made Wines of British Manufacture shall be suspended under or by virtue of this ACt.

CAP. CXII.

An ACt to amend an A Cl of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of Treasurer of His Majefty’s Navy, as far as respects the Mode of Applications for certain Services in the Victualling Department.	[nth	July 1817.3

*	HE	REAS by an ACt passed in the Twenty fifth Year of

*	»	y the Reign of Elis present Majesty, for regulating the Office

*	of Treasurer of His Majefty’s Navy, it is among other things c provided, that the Treasurer, in all Memorials presented by him

*	to the Treasury for Naval Services, shall transmit with every Me-c morial a Copy of the Letter from each of the Naval Boards € respectively directing him to apply for the Sums wanted, and

*	fhall also state the Balances then in his Hands under each Head

*	of Service respectively :	And	Whereas	it is expedient that the

c fame Mode should be adopted in the Victualling Department

*	as has been established in that of the Commissioners of the Navy 1 since the passing of the before recited ACt of the Twenty fifth

*	Year of His present Majesty Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Firfl Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, as often as Money shall be wanted in the Department of the Commissioners for victualling His Majefty’s Navy for Payment of Bills of Exchange, Peniions due to the Widows of Sea Officers, or for General Services, the said Commissioners for victualling His Majefty’s Navy for the time being shall and may by Letter apply to the Treasurer of the Navy to solicit from the Treasury such Sum or Sums of Money as will be wanted for the Purpofes above mentioned, or any of them, under the Head of General Services only, in which Letter the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required and direCted to specify the Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy under such Head of General Services as it shall ltand on the Day when such Letter shall be written as aforesaid, a Copy of which Letter shall be transmitted by the Treasurer of the Navy for the time being with each and every Memorial to be by him presented to the Treasury for Money for such Services, and in which Memorials the said Treasurer shall pray that such Sums as shall be required by the Commissioners of ViClualling may be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on his Account,

CAP.

Hosted

A.D.1817*

57° GEO. III.

C. 113,

439

CAP. CXIIL

An A61 to prevent the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Convenience of the Public.

[l ith July 1817.]

‘ WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of 1 VV England did, in and subsequent to the Year One thousand 4 eight hundred and four, for the Convenience of the Public, cause 1 to be coined or (lamped, and circulated, a large Quantity of 4 Silver Dollars ; and by an A6t passed on the Tenth Day of July 44 G. 3. c. 71.

4 One thousand eight hundred and four, intituled An A3 to prevent 4 the counterfeiting of Silver Coin, ijfued by the Governor and Com-4 pany of the Bank of England, called Doliars, and Silver Coin,

4 which may be ijfued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of 4 Ireland, called Tokens ; and to prevent the bringing into the 4 United Kingdom or uttering any counterfeit Dollars or Tokens ; all §1. 3.

4 Persons counterfeiting the said Doliars, or uttering or vending the 4 fame when so counterfeited, were fubjefled to the Punilhment in 4 the said Adi specified: And Whereas the said Governor and Com-4 pany did, in and subsequent to the Year One thousand eight 4 hundred and eleven, with the Approbation of His Majefty’s mod 4 Honourable Privy Couneil, and under the Authority of an Adi 4 passed on the Twenty (ixth Day of June One thousand eight 51G. 3. c. no.

4 hundred and eleven, intituled An A3 to prevent the counterfeiting 4 of Silver Pieces denominated Tokens, intended to be ijfued and circu-4 lated by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for 4 the refpe3ive Sums of Five Shillings and Sixpence, Three Shillings,

4 and One Shilling and Sixpence; and to prevent the bringing into the 4 Kingdom or uttering any such counterfeit Pieces or Tokens, issue and * circulate, for the further Convenience of the Public, a Quantity 4 of Silver Pieces called Tokens, for the respective Sums of Three 4 Shillings, and One Shilling and Sixpence; and by the said lad 4 mentioned Adi all Persons counterfeiting the said Tokens, or 4 uttering or vending the fame when so counterfeited* were fub-4 jedled to certain Punifhments thereby imposed:	And	Whereas,

4 in consequence of the recent Circulation of the new current Silver 4 Coin, it becomes unneceflfary any longer to continue the said Dol-4 lars and Tokens in Circulation, and it is expedient to prohibit the 4 further Circulation thereof, after a time to be limited Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Twenty fifth Circulation of Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the said Bank Dollars Dollars and Tokens shall no longer pass or circulate, or be received anc* Tokens to in Payment or Exchange, or otherwise howsoever ; and that in	1818

case any Person or Persons shall from and after the said Twenty Afterwards cir- * fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, culating them, utter, offer or tender in Payment, or give in Exchange, or pass, circulate or put off, any such Dollar or Tokens, whether the Value thereof shall be paid or given in Money or Goods,, or in any other

E f 4	manner

Hosted

440

C. 113.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Penalty.

But they may be presented at the Bank till March 25,182c. May be l'old as old Silver.

Juilices of P^ace empowered to bear and determine Offences.

Witneffes not attending,

Penalty 20I.

Form of Conviction.

manner whatsoever, every Person so offending, and being* thereof convicted upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before One or more of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, City or Place within which such Offence shall be committed, shall for every such Dollar or Token so uttered, offered, tendered in Payment, given in Exchange, or passed, circulated or put off, contrary to the Prohibition hereinbefore contained, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Justices of the Peace who shall hear and determine such Offence :	Provided

that nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons from presenting any such Dollars or Tokens for Payment to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or at any time before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, or to any of their Officers or Servants, or to discharge or exctife the said Governor and Company from their Liability to pay the fame before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty : Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall restrain or prevent any Person or Persons after the Twenty fifth Day of March next from felling or disposing of any such Dollars or Tokens as aforesaid as old Silver according to the Weight thereof at the current Price of Silver, and without regard to the nominal or current Value at which the fame shall have been circulated.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Juftice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, City or Place within which any Offence against this Adi shall be committed, to hear and determine the fame in a luminary Way ; and such Juftice or Justices, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made upon Oath in that behalf, shall summon the Person or Persons accused, and also the Witneffes on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fadt, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confeffion of the Person or Persons accused, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, which Oath such Juftice or Justices is or are hereby authorized to administer, shall convidt the Offender or Offenders, and adjudge the Penalty for such Offence.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be summoned as a Witnefs to give Evidence before such Juftice or Juslices, either on the Part of the Informer or Profecutor, or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time or Place to be for that Purpofe appointed, without a rea-fonable Excufe for such his Negle6l or Refufal, to be allowed by such Juftice or Juslices, then such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as are dire£led for Recovery of other Penalties under this Adt.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Juftice or Justices before whom any Offender or Offenders, Witnefs or Witneffes, shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Convidlion to be made out in the manner and Form following ; (that is to fay,)

‘ jgE it remembered, That on the	Day	of

1	in	the	Year	of	our Lord	A.	B. having

appeared before me [or us] one [or more] of His Majesty's

6 Juftices

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 113.

441

4 Justices of the Peace the case may be] for the County, Riding, 4 City or Place [as the case may be] and due Proof having been 4 made upon Oath by One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, 4 or by Confeflion of the Party [as the case may be~\ is conviCted of ‘	[fpecfying	the	Ojfence~\. Given under my

4 Hand and Seal, [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year 4 aforesaid.’

Which Conviction the said Juftice or Justices shall cause to be returned to the next General Quarter Seflions of the Peace of the County, Riding, City or Place where such ConviCtion was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, to remain and be kept among the Records of such County, Riding, City or Place.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, City or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Person or Persons for that Purpose, to cause a Copy or Copies of any ConviCtion or Convictions, filed by him under the Directions of this ACt, to be forthwith delivered to such Person or Persons, upon Payment of One Shilling for every such Copy.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby incurred and made payable upon any ConviCtion against this ACt, shall be forthwith paid by the Person or Persons convicted, as follows ; One Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parifh or Place where the Offence shall be committed ; and in case the Person or Persons so conviCted shall refuse or negleCt to pay the fame, or to give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Juftice or Justices, to prosecute any Appeal against such ConviCtion, such Juftice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, cause the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Cofts and Charges attending such Diftrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners; and which said Warrant of Diftrefs the said Juftice or Justices shall cause to be made out in the manner and Form following ; (that is to fay,)

4 To the Constable, Headborough or Tythingman of 4 ^y/^HEREAS A. B. of	in the County of

4	is	this	Day conviCted before me [or us] one [or

4 more] of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace [as the case may be]

4 for the County of	[or	for the	'	Riding

4 of the County of York~\ [or for the Town, Liberty or DiftriCt of 4	as	the	cafe	may be~\ upon thp Oath of

4 or,	a	credible Witnefs or Witneffes [or by

4 Confeflion of the Party, as the case may be~\ for that the said 4 A. B. bath [here fet forth the Offence^ contrary to the Statute in 4 that case made and provided, by reason whereof the said A. B. 4 hath forfeited the Sum of	to	be distributed as herein

4 is mentioned, which he hath refused to pay : These are therefore 4 in His Majefty’s Name to command you to levy the said Sum of *	by	Diftrefs of the Goods and Chattels of him

4 the said A, B.; and if within the Space of 4 Days next after such Diftrefs by you taken, the said Sum, together 4 with the reasonable Charges of taking the fame, shall not be paid,

4 then

Clerk of the Peace to give Copies.

Fee.

Penalties how levied and ap* plied.

Appeal.

Form of Warrant of Diftrefs.

Hosted

C. 113.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Securities taken for Appearance of Offenders,

by way of Recognizance.

Offenders committed for Want of Diftrefs.

Appeal on Notice.

Recognizance.

Notice not less than Eight Days before Trial.

Coffs.

Final.

Parilhioners may be Wit-neffes.

* then that you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so by you 6 distrained, and out of the Money arising by such Sale, that you c do pay One Half of the said Sum of	to

c	of	who informed me

c [or us, as the case shall he~] of the said Offence, aod the other Half

of the said Sum or	to	the Overfeer of the Poor

c of the Parifh, Townfliip or Place where the Offence was committed, c to be employed for the Benefit of such Poor, returning the Over-‘ plus (if any) upon Demand to the said A* B. the reasonable Charges c of taking, keeping and felling the said Distress, being first deducted ; c and if sufficient Diftrefs cannot be found of the Goods and Chat-< tels of the said A. B. whereon to levy the said Sum of c that then you certify the fame to me [or us, as the case fiall he~\ c together with this Warrant. Given under my Hand and Seal [ory c Hands and Seals] the	Day	of	in	the

c Year of our Lord

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Juftice or Juflices to Order such Offender or Offenders to be detained in safe Cuftody, until Return may conveniently be had and made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Person or Persons so convicted shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Juftice or Juslices, for his, her or their Appearance before the said Juftice or Juflices on such Day as shall be appointed by the said Juftice or Juflices for the Day of the Return of the said Warrant of Diftrefs (fuch Day not exceeding Five Days from the taking of such Security), which Security the said Juftice or Juflices is and are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if upon such Return no sufficient Diftrefs can be had, then and in such case the said Juftice or Juflices shall and may commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Corredtion of the County, Riding, Division, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid, or unless or until such Offender or Offenders, thinking him, her or themselves aggrieved by such Convidlion, shall give Notice to the Informer that he, she or they intend to appeal to the Juflices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, and shall enter into Recognizance before some Juftice or Juflices with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and pay such Colts as shall be awarded by the Juflices at such Quarter Seffions ; which Notice of Appeal being given not less than Eight Days before the Trial thereof, the Person or Persons so aggrieved is or are hereby empowered to give; and the said Juflices at such Seffions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Caufes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Colts to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Juflices shall think proper ; and the Determination of such Quarter Seffions shall be final, binding and con-clufive to all Intents and Purpofes.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be disabled from being a Witnefs in any Profecution for any Offence againfl

this

Hosted

413

A.D. 1817.	57° GEO. III.	C. 113,114.

this Ad by reason of his being an Inhabitant of the Parifh, Townfhip or Place wherein such OfFence was committed.

X.	Provided always, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Convi6tion or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Ad shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatsoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster or elfe-where.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Adion or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done or transacted in pursuance of this Ad, then and in every such case such Adion or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards ; and the fame and every such A6tion or Suit shall be brought within the County where the Fad was committed, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Adion or Suit shall and may plead the General Ifsue, and give this Ad and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Ad ; and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Adion or Suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, or be brought or laid in any other Place than as afore mentioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Adion after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other cases by Law.

CAP. CXIV.

An Ad to continue, until the First Day of Augujl One thou" sand eight hundred and eighteen. Two Ads of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm, and Cinders to London and Westminster.	[nth "July	1817.]

1 WHEREAS an Ad was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the

*	VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to allow, 1 until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and i eleven, the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and i Westminster by Inland Navigation, which was continued by feveral

*	fubfequent Ads until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight ‘ hundred and seventeen ; and it is expedient that the Ad should be c further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Ad shall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

‘ II. And Whereas by an Ad passed in the Forty fifth Year of the s Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for allowing, under

*	certain Rejlridions, until the Fiji Day of August One thousand eight

< hundred

Convictions not removed by Certiorari.

Limitation of Actions.

General Ifsue,

Treble Cofi:-,

50 G.3. c. no.

continued.

45 G. 3. c.i*8.

§7.

Hosted

444

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817*

49 G.3. c.98.

45 G. 3- c. 128. i'o far as relates to Coals being brought by the Canal, and 49 G. 3-c.98. respecting the Duty,continued.

11 G. 1. c.34,

11 G. 1. c. 27.

C. 114, 115.

1 hundred and fix,the bringing a limited Quantity of	Culm	or

4 Cinders to London and Wellminller, by Inland Navigation, certain 4 Duties were imposed on all Coals, Culm or Cinders brought along * the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals nearer to London than the 4 Stone or Poll thereby required to be erected and maintained, on or 4 near to the Towing Path of the said Grand Junction Canal, at or 4 near the North Eall Point of Grove Parky and contiguous to the 4 Wharf then in the PolTeflion and Occupation of the Earl of Claren-4 don ; And Whereas the Amount of the said Duties was altered by 4 Three Adis of the Forty sixth, Forty seventh and Forty eighth 4 Years of the Reign of His present Majesty : And Whereas by 4 Schedule A, annexed to an Adi palled in the Forty ninth Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for repealing 4 the fever al Duties of Cufoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof other Duties are imposed in 4 lieu thereof upon the said limited Quantity of Coals, Culm and 4 Cinders under the Conditions, Regulations and Reftridtions of the c said firlt recited Adi : And Whereas the said recited Adis were 4 further continued by several subsequent Adis until the First Day 4 of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and seventeen :	And

4 Whereas it is expedient that the said Adis should be further con* 4 tinned Be it therefore enacted, That the said first recited Adi of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relates to the Conditions, Regulations and Rellridtions under which the said limited Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders may be brought within One Year by the said Grand Junction and Paddington Canals nearer to London than the said Stone or Poll, and the said recited Adi of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thereon and the Appropriation thereof, shall be and the fame are hereby further continued until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. CXV.

An Adi to extend the Provifions of an Adi of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and an AD of the Twenty second Year of His. late Majesty King George the Second, against Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to secure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, or of other Articles of Cutlery.

[nth July 1817.]

4 IT THE REAS the pernicious Practice of paying the Wages of 4 VV Labourers concerned in the Woollen Trade in Goods was 4 by the Provifions of an Adi of the Twelfth Year of the Reign 4 of His late Majesty King George the Firfb, intituled An Ad; to 4 prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen 4 Manufactures, and for belter Payment of their Wages, prohibited 4 by certain Regulations and under certain Penalties therein enacted :

4 And Whereas, though the Provifions of this A61 were extended 4 by the Adi of the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His 4 late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Ad for the

i more

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 115, 116.

445

( more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abufes committed by Per-4 fons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woolien, ‘ Linen, Fujlian, Cotton, Irony Leather, /Ar, Hempy Flax, Mohair 4 and Silk Manufactures ; and for preventing unlawful Combinations 4 of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Prefers, and of all 4 Persons employed in the said several Manufactures, and for the 4 better Payment of their Wages; yet the Security thereby given, 4 for the Receipt of their Wages in Money, is in neither of these 4 ACts extended to labouring Men employed in the Manufacture of 4 Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of 4 Plated Articles, or of other Articles of Cutlery : And Whereas 4 great Injury and Lofs have arisen to labouring Men employed in 4 the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron 4 combined, and of Plated Articles or of other Articles of Cutlery,

4 from being paid their Wages in Goods, or by way of Truck,

4 or other wife than in the lawful Coin of this Realm :* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Provisions of the aforesaid ACt of (he Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, which prohibits the Payment of the Wages of Persons employed in the Woollen Manufacture in Goods, and to secure the Payment of every Part of their Wages in good and lawful Money of this Kingdom, be extended to Labourers employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of Plated Articles or of other Articles of Cutlery.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Provifions of the said ACt, to facilitate the Labourers in the Woollen Trade recovering the Wages for which they have stipulated, or to which they are entitled, as well as the Provifions imposing a Penalty on Mafters paying Labourers in Goods, be extended to Persons employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, or of other Articles of Cutlery, in as full and ample a manner a3 if they had been enumerated in the aforesaid ACt; and that all Remedies, Penalties, Modes of Recovery, Powers and Privileges, and all other matters and things therein for these Purpofes contained, be and they are hereby extended to Parties concerned in such Manufactures or connected therewith.

CAP. CXVI.

An ACt for limiting the time now allowed by Law for Production of the Certificate of due Delivery of Goods removed from one Warehoufing Port in Great Britain to another for the Purpofe of Exportation ; for altering the Hours for Shipping Goods in the Port of London ; and to empower Officers of the Cultoms and Excife to permit the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehoufe to another in the fame Port.	[nth	July 1817.]

x WHEREAS an ACt patted in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign * VV of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to permit the 4 Removal of -Goods, Wares and Merchandize from the Port in

4 Great

Provifions of 12 G. 1. c. 34. extended to Labourers employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, See.

Provifions in 22 G. 2. c.27. applicable to this A6L,

50 G.3. c.64*

§2.

Hosted

446

C. 116.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Conditions of such Bond shall be to produce Certificate within Two in (lead of Three Months.

l KHz. c.n. § a.

Goods may be taken on board Veftels before and until Sunfet from 30th Sept, to the I ft of March in any Year.

52 G.3. c.142.

Si.

4 Great Britain where first warehoused to any other Warehouftng Port 4 for the Purpofe of Exportation, whereby it is provided, that on 4 the Removal of Goods from any Whrehoufe where they have been 4 lodged or deposited under the Regulations of certain Afts of Par-4 liament therein recited or mentioned, to any other Port of Great 4 Britain, for the Purpofe of being exported from such Port, Bond 4 shall be entered into with Condition to produce a Certificate that 4 the Goods have been delivered within Three Months from the Date * of the Bond: And Whereas it is expedient to limit the time for 4 producing such Certificate Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Conditions of every Bond given for the truly delivering any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize under the said Provifion of the said recited Aft, shall be to produce the Certificate of such Delivery within Two Months from the Date of the Bond, instead of Three Months as required by the said in part recited Aft; any thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 II. And Whereas by an Aft passed in the First Year of the 4 Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Aft 4 limiting the times for laying on Land Merchandize from beyond 4 the Seas, and touching Cujloms for Sweet Wines, it is provided, that 4 no manner of Person or Persons shall receive or take into any Ship, 4 Crayer or other Veffel, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize (except 4 as therein before excepted), to be transported into any Place beyond 4 the Sea, by way of Merchandize, at any other Hour or time than 4 from the last of September until the First of March, between the 4 Hours of Seven in the Morning and Four at the Afternoon : And 4 Whereas it is expedient to permit Goods which have been put off 4 from the Quays in the Port of London within the legal Hours to be 4 received on board the exporting Veffels until Sunfet within the 4 Period hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the palling of this Aft it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to receive or take, at any time before and until Sunset, from the Thirtieth Day of September to the First Day of March in each Year; into any Ship or Veffel bound to Parts beyond the Seas, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which may be lawfully exported, and which have been put off or water-borne from any Quays in the Port of London, according to Law, within the legal Hours for putting off the fame ; any thing in the said recited Aft, or any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

4 III. And Whereas by an Aft passed in the Fifty second Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to permit 4 the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehoufc to another in 4 the fame Port, it is enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the 4 Importer, Proprietor or Confignee of any Goods, Wares or Mer-4 chandizc, which have been or may be lodged or deposited in 4 any Warehoufe or Warehoufes or otherwise secured under the 4 Regulations of certain Afts (therein particularly mentioned), to 4 remove any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Ware-4 house or Place wherein or at which the fame may have been first 4 deposited or otherwise secured in the Port of London, or any other

4 Port

Hosted

A.D.I817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 116, 117.

447

< Port in Great Britain, under the Regulations of the said Adts or 4 either of them, to any other Warehoufe or Place in the fame Port 4 wherein or at which the like Articles are allowed to be warehoused 4 or otherwise secured, provided that Permiflion for that Purpofe shall 4 have been previously obtained from the Commissioners of His ‘ Majesty's Cuftoms in England or Scotland (as the case may be), 6 and also from the Commifiioners of Excife in England or Scotland ( (as the case may be), if such Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be ( removed shall be subject to any Duty of Excife, and that the Re-4 moval takes place at the Rifle and Expence of the Importer, 4 Proprietor or Confignee, under such Regulations as the said Com-c miflioners respectively may deem necessary for the Security of the ‘ Revenue : And Whereas it would afford greater Difpatch if the

*	feveral Colledlors and Comptrollers of the Cuftoms and Excife 6 respectively at the several Ports in Great Britain, other than the c Port of London, were empowered to permit Goods, Wares and c Merchandize to be removed from the Warehoufe or Place wherein 4 or at which the fame may have been first deposited or otherwife

*	fecured under the Regulations of the said Adis or either of them, to 4 any other Warehoufe or Place in the fame Port wherein or at which c the like Articles are allowed to be warehoused or otherwise 4 secured Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Cuftoms and of the Excife (in cases where that Revenue is concerned) at any of the Ports in Great Britain, other than the Port of London, to permit any Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be removed from the Warehoufe or Place wherein or at which the fame may have been first deposited or other-wife secured, at any of the Ports in Great Britain, other than the Port of London, under the Regulations of the said Adis or either of them, to any other Warehoufe or Place in the fame Port wherein or at which the like Articles are allowed to be warehoused or other-wife secured, under such Regulations as may be deemed necessary by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commifiioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Security of the Revenue, and subject to all the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Reftridlions, Adis, matters and things contained in the aforesaid recited Adt passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majefty’s Reign.

CAP. CXVII.

An Adi to regulate the issuing of Extents in Aid.

[nth July 1817.]

WHEREAS Extents in Aid have in many cases been issued for the levying and recovering of larger Sums of Money * than were due to His Majesty by the Debtors on whole behalf such 4 Extents were issued, and it is expedient to prevent such Pradlice in ‘ future ; and in other cases Extents in Aid have been issued at the c Inftance and for the Benefit of Persons indebted to His Majesty 6 by Simple Contradt only p Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Tha't upon the issuing of every Extent in Aid, on behalf of any Debtor to His

Majesty,

Collectors, Sec. at any Port other than London, may permit Goods to be removed from one Warehoufe to another in any Port of G. B. (except the Port of London) under such Regulations as Treasury may deem necessary, lubjeCl to 53 G.3. c. 142-

Amount of Debt due to the Crown ftatecl and ipecified in

Hosted

448

C. 117.

57° GEO. III.

Fi3t, to be in-dorfed upon the Writ, as the Sum to be levied by the Sheriff.

Regulation when Debt of less Amount than dated and specified in Fiat.

If any Overplus of Money produced by Sale of Lands, &c.

Court to dispose of it upon fum-mary Application.

Not to prejudice the Debtor to the Crown in recovering the Remainder of any Debt.

A.D.1817.

Majesty, after the palling of this A£t, His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer at Wejlminjler> or the Chancellor of His Majefty’s Exchequer, or Lord Chief Baron or other Baron of the said Court, granting the Fiat for the ifTuing of such Extent in Aid, shall cause the Amount of the Debt or Sum of Money due or claimed to be due to His Majesty to be stated and specified in the said Fiat; and that in all cases in which the Debt or Debts found due to the Debtor to His Majesty shall be equal to or exceed the Debt stated and specified in the said Fiat as aforesaid, the Amount of the Debt so stated and specified in the said Fiat shall be indorsed upon the Writ, and the Writ so indorsed shall be deemed to be and be the Authority and Direction to the Sheriff or other Officer who shall execute such Writ, in making his Levy and executing the fame, as to the Amount to be levied and taken under the said Writ; and that in all cases in which the Debt or Debts found due to the Debtor to His Majesty shall be of less Amount than the Debt stated and specified in the said Fiat as aforesaid, the Amount of such Debt or Debts found due to such Debtor to His Majesty shall be indorsed upon the Writ, and the Writ so indorsed shall be deemed to be and be the Authority and Direction to the Sheriff or other Officer who shall execute the said Writ, in making his Levy and executing the fame, as to the Amount to be levied and taken under the said Writ ; and that the Money levied, taken, recovered or received under or by virtue of every such Extent in Aid so prosecuted and issued, shall be, by Order of the said Court, paid over to and for His Majefty’s Ufe, towards Satisfadlion of the Debt so due to His Majesty as aforesaid.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in every case in which the Sum produced by the Sale of any Lands, Goods or Chattels taken, or by the Receipt of any Sum of Money by any Sheriff or other Officer under any such Writ of Extent, for the purpose of levying the Amount or Sum of Money indorsed upon the Back of the Writ, shall be mo're than sufficient to satisfy the Amount of the Sum so indorsed upon the Writ, such Overplus shall be paid into the Court of Exchequer, together with the said Amount indorsed upon the said Writ; and the said Court shall, upon any summary Application or Applications, make such Order, for the Return, Difpofal or Diftribution of any such Surplus, or any Part or Proportion thereof, as to the said Court shall appear to be proper.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Adft contained, and no Seizure of any Debt into the Hands of His Majesty, or Part Recovery or Payment of such Debt, or other Proceeding had under or in pursuance of this A£t, or in relation to the applying for, obtaining or executing any such Writ, or disposing of any such Overplus, shall affe£t or in any manner prejudice, either at Law or in Equity, any Right, Claim or Demand of the Person or Persons to whom such Debt shall have been due or owing, when seized into His Majefty’s Hands, or his or their Aflignee or Affignees, or Executor or Executors, or Adminiftrator or Adminiftrators, as to the remaining Part of such Debt, or as to the suing any Person or Persons against whom any such Writ shall have issued, or whose Lands or Goods shall have been seized or taken under any such Writ, for the Refidue or remaining Part of such Debt, or as to the Recovery of or receiving any Refidue or remaining Part of any Debt so seized or in Part levied, recovered or paid, or any

further

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

C. 117.

44<)

57° GEO. III.

further or other Debt seized or sued for under or by virtue of any such Extent, but Hill remaining due and unpaid, either in the Whole or in Part; but that it shall be lawful for any Person or Per-fons as aforesaid, his or their Aflignee or Aflignees, Executor or Executors, or Adminiftrator or Adminiftrators, to demand, sue for, and recover the Remainder of any such Debt so seized, or any other Debt or Debts, by the like Procefs and in the same manner as if no such Extent in Aid had issued ; any thing contained in any ACl or A&s of Parliament, or Law or Laws, to the contrary not-withftanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Adi it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, Companies or Societies of Persons, Corporate or not Corporate, who shall or may be indebted to His Majesty by Simple Contract only ; nor for any such Person or Persons, Companies or Societies, who shall or may be indebted to His Majesty by Bond for answering, accounting for, and paying any particular Duty or Duties, or Sum or Sums of Money, which shall arise or become due and payable to His Majesty from such Person or Persons, Companies or Societies respectively, for and in refpedf and in the Courfe of his or their particular Trades, Manufactories, Prosessions, Bufmeffes or Callings; nor for any Sub Diftributor of Stamps who shall have given Bond to His Majesty ; nor for any Person who shall have given Bond to His Majesty, either jointly or separately, as a Surety only for some other Debtor to His Majesty, until such Surety shall have made Proof of a Demand having been made upon him on behalf of His Majesty, in consequence of the Non Performance of the Conditions of the Bond by the Principal, and then only to the Amount of the said Demand ; to sue out and prosecute any Extent or Extents in Aid, by reason or on account of any such Debt or Debts to His Majesty respectively, for the Recovery of any Debt or Debts due to iuch Person or Persons, Companies or Societies, or to such Sub Diftributor of Stamps or Surety as aforesaid ; and that all and every Commiflion and Commifftons to find Debts, Extent and Extents in Aid, and other Proceedings which shall be so issued or instituted at the Inftance of or for such Simple Contract or Bond Debtor or Debtors respectively, and all Proceedings thereupon, shall be null and void : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to preclude Qr prevent any Persons who shall or may become Debtor or Debtors to His Majesty by Simple Contrad only, by the Collection or Receipt of any Money arising from His Majefty’s Revenue for His Majefty’s Ufe, from applying for and filing out any Commiflion or Commifiions, Extent or Extents in Aid, in case one or more of such Persons shall be bound to His Majesty by Bond or Specialty of Record in the said Court of Exchequer, for answering, securing, paying over or accounting for to His Majesty, the particular Duties or Sums of Money which shall constitute the Debt that may be so then due from such Person or Persons to His Majesty; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Extent in Aid shall be issued. on any Bond given by any Person or Persons as a Surety or Sureties for the paying or accounting for any Duties which may become due to His Majesty from any Body

57 Geo. III.	G	g	or

Extents in Aid not to be sued out by Simple Contract Debtors to the Crown, or by Bond as herein mentioned, except in certain cases.

Extent in Aid not to issue on Bonds as Surety for Infurance Companies, &c.

Hosted

450

C. 117,118.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

or Society, whether incorporated or otherwise, carrying on the Bufinefs of Infurance against any Rifques either of Fire or of any other Kind whatever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who may now or who shall hereafter be imprisoned under or by virtue of any Writ of Capias in any Extent or Extents in Aid, to apply to the Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland, or to any Baron of the fame Court in Vacation, for his, her or their Difcharge, giving One Month’s previous Notice in Writing to the Person or Persons to whom he, she or they owed the Debt or Sum or Sums of Money for which he, she or they is or are so imprisoned, at the time such Debt was seized under such Extent in Aid, of his, her or their Intention to make such Application, and hating in such Notice the Ground of such Application, and an Enumeration and Defcription of all and every the Property, Debts and Effe&s whatsoever of such Person or Persons in his, her or their own Poffeffion or Power, or in the PofTeffion or Power of any other Person or Persons for his, her or their Ufe ; and for the said Court, or any such Baron in Vacation to whom such Application shall be made, to order such Person or Persons to be brought before them or him to be examined upon Oath touching and concerning his, her or their Property and Effects ; and if such Person or Persons respectively shall upon such Examination make a full Difclofure of all his, her or their Property and Efsects, to the Satisfa£lion of the said Court or Baron, or it shall otherwise appear reasonable and proper to such Court or Baron that such Person or Persons should be no longer imprisoned under Court may order such Writ, for such Court or Baron to order a Writ of Superfedeas Writ of Super- qUOad Corpus to be issued out of the said Court for the Liberation Corpus*U°a	^uck Berfon or Persons from such Imprifonment: Provided al-

ways, that no such Liberation as aforesaid shall be held or deemed to satisfy or supersede such Extent in Aid or any Proceedings thereon, except as to such Imprifonment as aforesaid, or the Debt or Debts seized under and by virtue thereof, and for which such Person or Persons shall be so imprisoned.

CAP. CXVIII.

An A£t for authorizing the Executors or Adminiflrators of deceased licensed Navy Agents to receive Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of Money upon Orders given to such deceased Agents.	[	11 th July 1817.]

<	117HEREAS Difficulties have arisen refpe6ling the Receipt

*	VV of Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of c Money due to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commiffioned ‘ Officers of Marines and Marines, in cases of the Death of Agents

*	licenfed in pursuance of an A6t of Parliament palled in the Forty 49 G.3 c. 123. f ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled An Act

c to explain and amend an ABy made in the Forty fifth Tear of His c present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better

<	and more ejfedually Manning His Majesty* s Navy during the present i War ; and for the Encouragement of Seamen ; and for the better 6 and more effectually providing for the Interefi of the Royal Hofpital i for Seamen at Greenwich, and the Royal Hofpital for Soldiers at

‘ Chelsea ;

Per Lons impri-i'oned under Wtit of Capias in Extents in Aid, may apply to the Courts of Exchequer in England or Scotland for their Difcharge.

Hosted

A.D. 1S17-

57° GEO. III.

C. 118.

451

1 Chelsea ; and to extend the Provi/ions of the said Aft to cases 1 arifng in consequence of Hofilities commenced since the pqffing?

‘ the said Aft f Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft it shall and may be lawful for the Executors or Adminiftrators of such deceased licensed Agents, (fuch Executors or Adminiftrators having first duly obtained Probate of the Wills or obtained Letters of Adminiftration to the Effects of such Agents,) upon any Order given to such Agents in their Lifetime for the Payment of any Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money therein mentioned, to receive the fame by such Order in like manner as the Agents when living could have done : Provided always, that every such Order shall continue revocable at Pleasure, as before the palling of this Aft, by the Person making the fame : Provided also, that such Executors or Adminiftrators shall, before they shall receive any Part of such Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, take out a Licence for that Purpofe from the Treasurer of His Majeftyks Navy for the time being, who is hereby authorized and empowered to grant the fame on good and sufficient Security (to be approved by the said Treasurer) being given by Bond, as in the case of Licences to Agents to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, and for which Licence the like Payment shall be made, and the Money received for the fame shall be paid over in like manner as in the case of the said other Licences ; and which Licences so to be taken out by such Executors or Adminiftrators shall be in force for the Space of Three Years from the Date thereof, and be revocable by the Treasurer of His Ma-jefty's Navy as in the case of the said other Licences.

< II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Treasurer of His c Majesty's Navy for the time being should be authorized to revoke ‘ Licences granted to Persons to receive Pay, Prize Money, Bounty 6 Money and other Allowances of Money of Petty Officers and ‘ Seamen, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines and Marines, who ‘ shall not have duly accounted with or shall have practised any 6 Fraud or Impofttion on the personal Reprefentatives of such 6 Petty Officers or Seamen, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines ‘ or Marines Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the palling of this Aft it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Treasurer to revoke any such Licence to any such Agent as afore-said, or to the Executors or Adminiftrators of any such deceased Agent, for not having duly accounted with, or for any Fraud or Impofttion practised on, any personal Reprefentative or Reprefentatives of any deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in such and the same manner as any such Licence is now by Law revocable for such Agents not duly accounting with or practising any Fraud or Impofttion on any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine.

6 III. And Whereas under the Provifions of the said recited Aft 6 the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy is authorized to withdraw c Licences from such Licenfed Agents as are therein mentioned only

G g 2	‘in

Executors, See. of deceased Agents, where an Order has been given for the Payment of Prize Money, may receive the fame on taking out a Licence.

Licence to be in force Three Years.

Such Licences may be revoked by Treasurer of the Navy for Fraud, &c.

49 G. 3. c. 123. §37*

Hosted

452

C.118, 119.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Licences under recited A£l may be revoked by Treasurer of the Navy for Mil-condu£t towards Commiffioned or Warrant Officers, as well as to Petty Officers and Seamen,&c.

c» 3^. ante.

Stone Bottles tiled for containing Liquid Blacking hereinafter described, exempted from the Duty under recited A£l.

* in the cases of Mifconduft towards Petty Officers and Seamen,

4 Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines and Marines : And 4 Whereas it is expedient that the Powers and Authorities given 4 to the said Treasurer in those cases should be extended to all such 4 like cases of Mifconduft by such Agents towards all Commif-4 honed and Warrant Officers in His Majefly’s Naval Service, and 4 Commiffioned Officers in the Royal Marines, and their respective 4 Perfonal Reprefentatives, in respect to any Pay, Prize Money,

4 Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money which may be due 4 to or for the Services of such Perlons respectively ;* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of His Majefly’s Navy for the time being to reyoke, in the manner in the said recited A£t mentioned, any Licence which may have been granted under the Authority of the said Act for any such like Mif-condudt as therein mentioned, by any such Agent committed or to be committed towards any Commiffioned or Warrant Officer in His Majefty’s Naval Service, or Commiffioned Officer in the Royal Marines, or his personal Reprefentative or Reprefentatives, in any manner relating to any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, which may be due to or for the Services of any such Officers respectively.

CAP. CXIX.

An A£t to exempt British and Irijh Stone Bottles, made and used for the foie Purpofe of containing Liquid Blaeking, from the Duties of Excife on Stone Bottles granted by an A6t of this Session of Parliament.	[nth July 1817.]

4 WHEREAS by an A61 made in this Session of Parliament, 4 VV intituled An Ad to repeal the Duties of Excife on Stone 4 Bottles, and charge other Duties in lieu thereof a Duty of Excife 4 of Five Shillings is imposed for every Hundred Weight of Stone 4 Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Measure, made in Ireland and 4 imported from thence into Great Britain ; and by the said A6t a 4 Duty of Five Shillings is imposed for every Hundred Weight of 4 Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Measure, made in Great 4 Britain : And Whereas it is expedient to exempt Stone Bottles 4 made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from 4 thence into Great Britain, and used for the foie Purpofe of contain-4 ing Liquid Blaeking, and which shall be of the Defcription here-4 inafter mentioned, from the Duties hereinbefore recited and im-4 posed by the said A& Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and feven-teen, all Stone Bottles made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and used for the foie Purpofe of containing Liquid Blaeking, and which shall be of the Defcription hereinafter particularly mentioned and specified, shall be wholly exempted and freed from the several hereinbefore recited Duties imposed, and shall not be entitled to the Drawback granted by the said A£t.

II. And be it further enabled, That every Bottle made in Great

Britain,

Hosted

A.D.l 817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 119, 120;

453

Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Defcription of Britain, of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay alone, or	ed^'

mixed with any other Material or Materials, which shall not exceed fram One Pint in Measure, and the Mouth and Neck of which shall be not

lefs than One Inch and a half in Diameter in the narrowest Part of the Infide thereof, and which shall be permanently stamped in the making thereof, in fair and legible Charadfers, with the Words 44 Blacking Bottle,” and no other, shall be deemed and taken to be a Stone Bottle made for the foie Purpofe of containing Liquid Blacking within the meaning of this A6t, and be exempted from the said Duties.

III.	And be it further enabled, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, fell any such Stone Bottle or Bottles as afore-faid for any Purpofe or Ufe whatsoever other than and except for the foie Purpofe of containing Liquid Blaeking, or shall attempt to export the fame upon Drawback, such Person or Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures whatsoever, to be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, respectively ; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who, shall inform, discover or sue for the fame.

IV.	And be it further enadbed, That the Commissioners of Excife in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall and they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to cause any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been charged as any such Duty for or in respect of any such Bottles as aforesaid hereby exempted from Duty, to be discharged from and out of the Books and other Documents containing any Entry or Entries of or relating to any such Charge, or Sum or Sums of Moneye,

Selling such Bottles for any other Purpofe than for containing Blaeking, or attempting to export them on Drawback,

Penalty.

Charge of Duty on such Stone Bottles to be discharged.

CAP. CXX.

An Adi to authorize the Court of Directors of the East India Company to make extraordinary Allowances, in certain Cases, to the Owners of certain Ships in the Service of the said Company.	[nth	July	1817.]

4 WHEREAS by an Adi of Parliament made in the Thirty 39G.vc.89. 4 VV ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,. intituled § 1—

4 An Ad for the regulating the Manner in which the United Company 4 of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies shall hire and 4 take up Ships for their regular Service, various Provifioris, regu-4 lating the manner in which the said United Company shall hire and 4 take, up Ships for their Service, are now in force ; and according 4 to the Effedl of such Provifion the said United Company are not 4 at liberty to release the Owners of Ships taken up for their Ser-4 vice from their several Contracts, or to grant them any Rate of * Freight beyond what they are entitled to under such Contracts:

G g 3	4	And

Hosted

454

C. 120.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I817.

Eafl: India Con'.-r pany may allow the Owners of certain Ships herein named an additional Sum for Freight,

although afloat in time of Peace,

Such Allowance not to exceed the Rates per Ton herein mentioned.

f And Whereas by reason of the long Duration of the late War, and ‘ the Continuance of the extraordinary Price of Articles of Equip-‘ ment of Ships after the Conclufion of Peace, great Hardfhips < might arise in compelling the Owners of certain Ships now in 6 the Service of the said United Company to a literal Execution of 4 their Contra&s ; and therefore it is expedient that the Court of 4 Dire&ors of the said United Company fhouldbe empowered, under 4 reasonable Limitations, to give them some Relief in respect thereof Be it therefore enadfed by The King’s Mod: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in case the Owners of all or any of the Ships hereafter mentioned ; that is to fay, The Lady Melville, The Princefs Amelia, The Lowther Caflle, The Phoenix, The Charles Grant, The Afia, The Rofe, The Prince Regent, The Marquis Welling-ton9 The Carnatic, The William Pitt, The Marchionefs of ElyThe AJlelli The Marquis Camden, The Warren Hajlings, The Minerva, The Lord CaJllereagh, The Princefs Charlotte of Wales, The Streatham, The Bombay, The Inglis, The Marquis Huntley, The Cajlle Huntley, and The Cabalva> shall pay or secure to the said United Company by way of Penalty, for each and every of the Six Voyages contracted to be performed by each of the said Ships respectively, oil a permanent Peace Freight under the Provifions of the said A£t, which had not been performed or commenced on the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, the Sum of Eight hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, being One sixth Part of the Penalty of Five thousand Pounds, incurred by not performing the Whole of such Six Voyages according to the terms of their respective Contracts; it shall and may be lawful to and for. the Court of Directors of the said United Company to make and allow, and to pay and cause to be paid, to the Owners ot the said Ships, or to such of them who shall have so paid or given Security for Payment of the said Penalty aforesaid, such Allowances and Payments over and above the Peace Freight and Demurrage which the said Ships respectively shall be entitled to under and by virtue of their several Contracts, in respect of every Voyage performed or to be performed after the said Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, as to • the said Court of Directors shall appear just and reasonable, with Reference to the Prices and Expence of Stores and Articles of Outfit which prevailed in the Autumn of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, although such Ship or Ships may have come afloat or hereafter may come afloat, in time of Peace ; the said Aft of Parliament palled in the Thirty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, or any Contract or Agreement, or any other Matter, Claufe or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it shall not be lawful for the said Court of Directors to make and allow, and to pay or cause to be paid to the Owners of any of the said Ships of One thousand Tons and upwards, any Sum or Allowance exceeding the Rate of Eight Pounds^/* Ton, nor to the Owners of any of the said Ships of less than One thousand Tons, any Sum or Allowance exceeding the Rate of Eight Pounds Ten Shillings per Ton, according to Builders’ Meafurement, over and above the Rate of Peace Freight

which

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 120.

45 5

which the Owners of the said S'hips respectively are entitled to receive under and by virtue of their existing Contracts ; nor any Rate of Freight which, added to the Rate of Peace Freight, which the Owners of the said Ships respectively are entitled to receive under and by virtue of their existing Contrails, would amount to more than the Rate of Twenty fix Pounds per Ton for Ships of One thousand Tons and upwards, and Twenty fix Pounds Ten Shillings Ton. for Ships of less than One thousand Tons, according to Builders*

Meafurement.

III.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case on Abatement any Voyage or Voyages which the said Ships, or any of them, in case of shall have to perform under and by virtue of their said Contrails, Redn&ion in the Prices and Expence of Stores and Articles of Outfit shall be re- rlce0 1 rtIt €s' duced below the Prices and Expence thereof which prevailed in the

Autumn of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, then there shall be a proportionable Abatement made from any extra Payment which shall have been agreed to be allowed under the Authority of this Ail, to the Owners of any of the said Ships in re-fpedl of such Voyage or Voyages.

IV.	Provided also, and be it further enabled, That if any such In case Ship Ship shall be loft or captured on any such Voyage as aforesaid, or is loft, or meet

shall meet with any Accident, whereby her Owners fnall, according Wlt1}1 Accident

i . r	J	a	^	°	as herein men-

to their relpective Agreements or Charterparties, 1 ole or be de- tioned Owners

prived of any Claim upon the said United Company for any Pay- not to pay the

ment of Freight in respect of such Voyage, then and in every such Sum herein

case it shall not be lawful for the said United Company to exact mentioned;

from the Owners of such Ship, for and in respect of such Voyage,

the Payment of the said Sum of Eight hundred and thirty three

Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence; and in case the said Sum or if paid,

shall have been actually paid to the said United Company, the fame refunded.

shall be refunded to the said Owners.

V.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case on any If the Owners Voyage or Voyages which any of the said Ships shall have to per- become entitled form under their several existing Contracts, the Owners of such ^ additional Ships shall hereafter become entitled under and by virtue* of such m ^e^War Contrails to any Allowance in respect of additional Charges arising then no Allow-* to them in time of War and Hoftilities, or Preparations for War and ance under this Hoftilities, then and in such case the Owner shall not be entitled to

have for such Voyage or Voyages any Payment or Allowance under or by virtue of this A6b ; but the Payments to be made for such Ships in respect of such Voyage or Voyages shall be regulated and ascertained and made as they would have been according to the Rights of the Parties in case this A<51 had not been made.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Provifofor herein contained shall extend, be deemed or taken to prejudice, or Rights of Own-in any manner to affect the Rights of such Owners of any of the ers not paying said Ships as shall not pay or secure such Penalty as is hereinbefore Pena1ty-mentioned, but the Rights of such Owners shall be and remain as if

this present Adi had not passed ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Owners Owners not en-of any of the said Ships, who shall take any Advantage under or titled to demand by virtue of this Adi for any Voyage, shall not be entitled to any ”?cre^ed ^eace increased Peace Freight which they might other wife have been en- re's ‘

G g 4?	titled

Hosted

456

C. 120, 121.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Provilo for existing Con tra£ts, except for Ships herein enumerated.

How far Aft to vacate any other Contracts respecting 'he Hire of Ships.

Proceedings of Court of Di-redtors relative to this Adi: to be laid before Parliament.

33Q.3.C.J2,

IS G.3. c. 31.

titled to under their existing Contrafts in pursuance of the said Aft of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

VIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to have Reference to or in any manner to affect any Contrafts existing between the said United Company and the Owners of any Ships now ip their Service, other than those Contrafts between the said United Company and the Owners of the Ships herein enumerated,

IX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That this Aft shall not, nor shall any thing to be done by virtue thereof, extend or be construed to extend to release or discharge the said United Company, or the Owners of the said several Ships, from any Part of the Contrafts and Agreements by which the said Ships are severally agreed to be hired by or let to the said United Company, nor to alter or vary the terms of the fajd Contrafts further or otherwise than as by this Aft is expressly provided and enacted.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Court of Direftors of the said United Company shall, and they are hereby required from time to time hereafter, to lay Copies of all Proceedings of the said Court touching the Execution of this Aft before both Houfes of Parliament, at the same time and together with the Accounts required to be annually laid before Parliament by an Aft palled in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft: for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the PoJfeJJion of the British Territories in India, together with their exclifive Trade, under certain Limitations ; for efiallifioing Jur~ ther Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Adminifiration of Jujlice within the fame ; for appropriating to certain Ufes the Revenues and Profits of the said Company ; and for making Provifion for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay.

CAP. CXXI.

An Aft for regulating Payments to the Treasurer of the Navy under the Heads of Old Stores and Impress.

[1 ith July 1817.3

4 TIT HE REAS by an Aft patted in the Twenty fifth Year of 4 VV the Reign of. His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for let-4 ter regulating the Office of Treasurer of His Majefiy’s Navy, all 4 Monies required by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the 4 time being for Navy Services are directed to be rttued to the 4 Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to be placed 4 to the Account or Accounts of such Treasurer, and drawn for in 4 the Manner therein mentioned : And whereas divers Sums of 4 Money are from time to time payable to such Treasurer under the 4 Heads of Old Naval Stores and Imprests, which Monies have 4 hitherto been received by the Cafhier of His Majesty's Navy, and 4 paid into the Bank of England through the Hands of the Pay-4 matter of the Navy; And whereas it is expedient that all such 4 Monies should be paid immediately into the Bank of England9 4 without patting through the Hands of any Officer in the Trea-4 furer’s Department;' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords

Spiritual

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 121, 122.

457

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after Treasurer, &c.

the palling of this A61, whenever any Sum or Sums of Money shall to give Orders

be payable by any Person or Persons to the Treasurer of His ™ Wrhing to

Majefty’s Navy for or under the Head of Old Stores or Imprests, make Payment^0

the said Tr asurer, or the Paymafter or Deputy Pay mailer of the under the Head

Navy, or the Cafhier of the Navy or Victualling Department for the of Old Stores or

time being, as the case may require, shall give an Order or Orders Imprefts to pay

in Writing to the Person or Persons liable to make such Payments,	iniotne

directing and requiring him, her or them to pay the Money in fuch

Order or Orders ipecified to the Cafhiers of the Bank of England, to

be placed to the Credit of the Treasurer of His Majefty’s Navy; •

and the Person or Persons to whom such Order or Orders shall be

so given is and are hereby authorized and required to pay the Sum

or Sums of Money therein specified to One of the Calhiers of the

Bank of England; and such Calhier shall, upon Receipt of every

such Sum or Sums of Money, give to the Person or Persons paying

the fame a Certificate or Receipt in Writing specifying the Amount

thereof; and the Certificate or Receipt of such Cafhier shall upon Receipt of

every such Payment be a good and sufficient Difcharge to the Person Cafhier fuffirient

or Persons making the fame for the Sum therein expressed to be ^‘‘charge.

received ; and all and every Sums and Sum of Money so paid into Money to be

the Bank of England shall be placed to the fame Account of the placed to the

Treasurer of His Majefty’s Navy, and shall be drawn for in the fame Treafurer^ ^

manner as if the fame had been issued from the Exchequer to the

Bank of England on the Account of such Treasurer in pursuance of

any Memorial or Application made by such Treasurer for that

Purpofe.

XI.	And be it further enafled, That no Certificate or Receipt to Certificate or be given or signed by any of the Cafhiers of the Bank of England in Receipt not to pursuance of this A6t shall be fubje6t or liable to any Stamp Duty g® fU^xxjtt0 whatsoever imposed by any A 61 or A6ls of Parliament now in force,	U

nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future A 61 or A6ls of Parliament, unless such Certificates or Receipts shall be specially Exception, subjected to and charged with Stamp Duties by such future A6t or A6ls of Parliament.

CAP. CXXII.

An A61 to extend the Provifions of an A61 of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Eirft, and an A61 of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, against Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to secure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Colheries, or in the working and getting of Coal, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for extending the Provifions of the said A61 s to Scotland and Ireland.	[nth	July	1817.]

*	YT7HEREAS the pernicious Pra&ice of paying the Wages

*	VV of Labourers concerned in the Woollen Trade in Goods

*	was by the Provifions of an A61 of the Twelfth Year of the 12 G. i.c.54,

4 Reign of His late Majesty ICing George the First, intituled An

4 All to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the

4 Woollen

Hosted

458

C.122.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1S17-

22 G. a. c. 27.

Proviftons of 12, G. I. C.34. extended to Labourers in Collieries.

Provifions in 22 G. 2. c. 27. applicable to this Act.

Provifions of recited Acts extended to Scotland and Ireland.

: Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages>

( prohibited by certain Regulations and under certain Penalties 1 therein enacted : And Whereas, though the Provifions of this A£l ‘ were extended by the Add of the Twenty second Year of the ‘ Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An ‘ Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abufes com-6 m'ltted by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in c the Woolien, Linen, Fujlian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp,

6 Flax, Mohair and Silk Manufactures ; andfor preventing unlawful 6 Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Prefers, c and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures, and < for the better Payment of their Wages ; yet the Security thereby c given, for the Receipt of their Wages in Money, is in neither of 6 these A6ts extended to labouring Men working in Colheries, and 6 other BufinefTes connected with the Trade of working and getting 6 Coal: And Whereas great Injury and Lofs have arisen to labour-c ing Men working in Collieries and other BufinefTes connected with c the getting of Coal, from being paid their Wages in Goods or c by way of Truck, or otherwise than in the lawful Coin of this 6 Realm:’ Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moll: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Provifions of the aforesaid A 61 of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, which prohibits the Payment of the Wages of Persons employed in the Woollen Manufacture in Goods, and to secure the Payment of every Part of their Wages in good and lawful Money of this Kingdom, be extended to Labourers employed in working and getting Coal in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Provifions of the said A 61, to facilitate the Labourers in the Woollen Trade recovering the Wages for which they have stipulated, or to which they are entitled, as well as the Provifions imposing a Penalty on Mailers paying Labourers in Goods, be extended to Persons employed in Colheries, and in working and getting Coal, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in as full and ample a manner as if they had been enumerated in the aforesaid A6t; and that all Remedies, Penalties, Modes of Recovery, Powers and Privileges, and all other Matters and Things therein for these Purpofes contained, be and they are hereby extended to Parties concerned in Coal Works, or connected therewith.

III. And be it also further enacted, That the Provifions of the A6fs of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, and of the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, be extended, and are hereby extended to Scotland and Ireland.

CAP.

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 123.

45 9

CAP. CXXIII.

An ACt for imposing a Duty of Excite on the Excels of Spirits made from Corn in England above.the Proportion of Nineteen Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wafh ; and for further securing the Duties on Wort or Wafh made for distilling Spirits in England; and for authorizing the Shipment of Rum for Stores in Calks containing Sixty Gallons.	[i	ith July 1817.]

<	X JET HE REAS the Duties of Excife upon Wort or Wafh 4 VV brewed or made for extracting Spirits in England, and the 4 Countervailing Duties upon Spirits, are by Law imposed upon the 4 Computation of a certain Quantity of Spirits being extracted from * One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wafh: And Whereas many 4 Makers and Diftillers of Spirits in England do extract from fuch

<	Wort or Wafh a much larger Quantity of Spirits than such Pro-4 portion, whereby such Excefs of Spirits has been carried into 4 Conlumption without Payment of any Duty, to the great Injury 4 of Trade and of His Majefty’s Revenue ;* For remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Maker or Makers, Difliller or Diftillers of Spirits in England shall, in the Year ending on the Fifth Day of July in every Year after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, make, distil, extract or produce, or shall have made, diftilied, extracted or produced, from Wort or Wafh prepared or made from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame, any Quantity of Spirits exceeding, upon the Average of his, her or their Work in such Year, the Proportion of Nineteen Gallons of Spirits, computed at the Strength of Eight per Centum over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wafh so distilled into Spirits as aforesaid, every such Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftiliers, shall, in lieu of any Penalty for the Excefs upon such Average as aforesaid, pay Duty for all such Spirits exceeding the Proportion upon such Average as aforesaid, computed as aforesaid, at and after the Rate of Nine Shillings and Twopence halfpenny for every Gallon of all such Excefs and Exceffes, computed as aforesaid, over and above all other Duties on Wort or Wafh whatsoever.

II. And be it further enabled. That the Duty by this Aft imposed shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excife in England for the time being, and shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered and paid in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which the Duties of Excife on Wort or Wafh brewed or made for extracting Spirits for Home Confumption in England were or might be raised, levied, collected, recovered and paid; and the Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities by this ACt refpeCtively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the laid Duty imposed by this Aft, shall be and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations,

Diftillersmaking any Quantity of Spirits, exceeding on an Average of their Work for the Year in the Proportion herein mentioned, to pay, in lieu of Penalty, Duty on Excefs.

Duty to be under the Com-miHioners of Excife in England, and to be levied as other Duties on Spirits, and under the fame Rules and Penalties.

C. 123.

57° GEO. HI.

A.D.1817.

Duty carried to

Confolidaied

Fund.

After April 5, 1818, Houles for rectifying or compounding Spirits not to be ereeled or used within One Quarter of a Mile of a Still Houle, I’.c.; nor a Still Houle to be used xvithin One Quarter of a Mile of a House for rectify ing or compounding.

Penalty.

Exemption in case herein mentioned.

Rules, Reftridions and Forfeitures to which such Persons, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or Commodities, were generally or specially subject and liable to by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this Ad, respecting the Duties of Excife on Wort or Walh as aforesaid, or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excife in England were or might be subject or liable ; and all and every Pain, Penalty’-, Fine or Forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this Ad, for securing the Revenue of Excife or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excife respectively, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Diredions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the said Duty hereby charged and imposed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever as if all and every the said Ads, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this Ad.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duty by this Ad imposed (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

IV.	And be it further enaded/That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall ered, fet up, enter, or make use of any House or Place whatsoever in England for the rectifying or compounding of Spirits, or for receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Redifier or Compounder of Spirits, within the Diftance of One Quarter of a Mile in a direct Line from any House or Place which shall be entered or used for preparing Wort or Wafh, or for the making or distilling of Spirits for Home Confumption, or for the receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Maker or Diftiller of Spirits ; nor shall any Person or Persons whatsoever ered, fet up, enter or make use of any House or Place whatsoever in England, for preparing Wort or Wafh, or for the making or distilling of Spirits for Home Confumption, or for receiving or keeping Spirits by any Maker or Diftiller of Spirits, within the Diftance of One Quarter of a Mile in a direct Line from any House or Place which shall be entered or used for rectifying or compounding of Spirits, or for receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Redifier or Compounder of Spirits ; on Pain of forfeiting in each and every such case the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for every Week that such House or Place shall be erected, fet up, entered or used refpeCtively as aforesaid ; and all and every Entries or Entry of any such House or Place, so made use of either for the rectifying or compounding or keeping of Spirits, or for the preparing Wort or Wafh, or making or distilling or keeping of Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and meaning of this Ad, shall be null and Void to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever : Provided always, that none of the Prohibitions, Penalties, Forfeitures or Enadments hereinbefore contained (hall

extend

57° GEO. III.

C. 128.

461

extend or apply, of be deemed or construed to extend or apply, to or in respect of any House or Place, Scite or Premises, which may have been erected, fet up, entered, used, occupied or employed for preparing Wort or Waffi, or making or distilling Spirits, or for the rectifying or compounding, or for receiving or keeping of Spirits respectively, on the Eighteenth Day of June in the Year One thou-fand eight hundred and seventeen, or within One Month previous thereto, so that no Spirits be at any time after the said Fifth Day of April received from any Part of any such House, Place or Premifes entered, used, occupied or employed by any Maker or Diftiller of Spirits, or from the Pofleffion or Stock of any such Maker or Distiller, into any Part of any such House, Place or Premifes entered, used, occupied or employed by any Redifier or Compounder of Spirits, or into the Stock or Pofleffion of any such Redifier or Compounder, by any Way, Means or Communication whatsoever, other than by Carriage of a Cart or Waggon through and by means of an open Street or Road.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any House or Place, Scite or Premises, used or employed for the preparing of Wort or Wafh, or for the making or distilling of Spirits, or the receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Maker or Diftiller of Spirits, and any House or Place, Scite or Premises, used or employed for the rectifying or compounding or keeping of Spirits by any Redifier or Compounder of Spirits, ffiall be situate within the said Diftance of One Quarter of a Mile of each other, so as to be entitled to the Exemption aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excife, or any Three or more of them, if they shall think it expedient, at any time to give Twelve Calendar Months Notice at the least to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any such House or Place so used or employed for the rectifying or compounding or keeping of Spirits by any Redifier or Compounder of Spirits, to discontinue the Ufe and Employment of such House or Place so used and employed by such ReCtifier or Compounder, Redifiers or Compounders, and to remove the Trade or Bufinefs thereof to some other House or Place, Scite or Premises, not within the said Diftance of One Quarter of a Mile from the said or any other House or Place used or employed for preparing Wort or Wadi, or for the making or distilling of Spirits, or for the receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Maker or Diftiller of Spirits; Compenfation and Satisfaction being made to all and every the Owner and Owners, Proprietor and Proprietors, Occupier and Occupiers of any such Houfes or Places, Scites or Premises, who ffiall sustain or incur any Lofs, Damage or Injury by reason or in consequence of such Difcontinuance or Removal, in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and at the Expiration of the time mentioned in such Notice, the Prohibitions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Enactments contained in this Ad ffiall apply to and be in force with respect to any such House or Place in respect of which the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, ffiall have received such Notice as aforesaid, any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding ; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of fuch

Houfe

Diftilling and re&ifying Houfes now situated within a Quarter of a Mile of each other, may be removed, on giving Twelve Months’ Notice to the Owners, and making Compenfation for Damages.

Commissioners may treat with Owners for the Expences incurred by Removal, and procuring

Hosted

C. 123.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

feme other Houle, Sec.

In case the Parties do not agree, Expences to be fettled by Act ion at Law.

Difference as to the Terms of the Iffue to be fettled by the Officer of the Court. Special Jury.

Cofls.

In lieu of the Credit for Spirits in proportion to the Quantity of

House or Place, Scite or Premises, so used and employed for the rectifying or compounding of Spirits, or for receiving or keeping of Spirits by any ReClifier or Compounder of Spirits as aforesaid, for the Expences incurred or to be incurred by such Removal, and in the procuring some other House or Place as aforesaid, and for the Compenfation and Satisfaction to be made to such Person or Persons as aforesaid for all and any Lofs, Damage and Injury he, she or they shall or may sustain or incur through, by reason or in confe-quence cf such Difcontinuance or Removal, and also to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Place, Scite or Premises, used or employed for preparing Wort or Wafh, or for the making or distilling of Spirits, or for the receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Maker or Diftiller of Spirits, for the Compenfation and Satisfaction to be made to such last mentioned Person or Persons, or any of them, for all or any Lofs, Damage and Injury he, she or they shall or may sustain or incur through, by reason or in consequence of the Difcontinuance or Removal of the Trade or Rufinefs of such ReCtifier or Compounder as aforesaid ; and in case the said Commissioners of Excife shall not be able to agree with any of the said Parties as to the Amount of such Expences, or such Compenfation and Satisfaction, then and in every such case the Amount of such Expences and such Compenfation and Satisfaction shall be fettled and ascertained in an AClion upon a feigned Iffue or Iffues upon the Amount of such Expences and such Compenfation and Satisfaction, or of such Compenfation and Satisfaction only, as. the case may be, to be tried in any Court of Record at Westminster, in which AClion the Parties claiming such Expences, or such Compenfation and Satisfaction, or any of them, shall be the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and the Secretary of the Board of Excife for the time being, on behalf of the Commissioners of Excife, shall be the nominal Defendant, who shall accept a Declaration and plead to the said ACtion ; and in case any Difference shall arise touching the terms of the said Ifsue, the fame shall be fettled by the proper Officer of the said Court in which such Iffue shall be tried, and such Iffue shall be tried before a special Jury, to be l'ummoned, impannelled and reduced in the usual manner, as in cases of Adions at the Common Law ; and the said Court shall have Power to direCt a new Trial upon the said Iffue if they shall fee fit, and shall give Judgment for the Amount ultimately awarded by the VerdiCl of such Jury, together with Colls to be taxed by the proper Officer ; and thereupon the said Commissioners of Excife shall, within One Month afterwards, pay the said Amount for which Judgment shall be given to the said Parties claiming as aforesaid : Provided always, that if the said Commissioners shall have made an Offer to the said Parties, or any of them, of a Sum of Money for such Expences, Compenfation and Satisfaction, or Compenfation and Satisfaction only, which Offer shall not be accepted, the said Parties refusing or declining such Offer shall not be entitled to any Coils, unless there shall be awarded by the Verdi Cl of a Jury as aforesaid a larger Sum by One Tenth Part than the Amount of such Offer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Credit for Spirits in proportion to the Quantity of Wort or Wafh made or brewed, to which Makers or Diftillers of Spirits in Englandare now

12	by

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 123.

463

by Law entitled, every such Maker or Diftiller shall, from and Wort, the after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and Distiller, after seventeen, be entitled to Credit for the whole Quantity of Spirits, computed at the Strength of Eight Centum over Hydrometer Credit for the Proof, which he, she or they shall distil, make, extract or produce, whole Spirits, and which shall be taken account of by the proper Officer in the computed at Spirit Calk provided by such Diftiller for the Reception of the Spirits extracted from the Low Wines produced from each Charge of his, her or their Wafh Still or Wafh Stills ; and if at any time duced, after the Laid Tenth Day of October any such Maker or Makers,

Diftiller or Diftillers as aforesaid, shall make, distil, extract or produce, or there shall be found in his, her or their Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion, any Excefs of Spirits over and above such Credit as aforesaid, computed as aforesaid, added to any Quantity of Raw Spirits legally brought and received into such Stock by Permit, all such Excefs and Exceftes shall be deemed to be Spirits unlawfully made, and a Quantity equal thereto shall and may be seized by any Excefs found Officer or Officers of Excife out of and from any Part of the Stock seized, and of any such Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftillers as aforesaid ; and such Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftiliers, shall, for every Gallon of such Excefs and Exceftes computed as aforesaid, forfeit Penalty aol. and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

4 VII. And Whereas by an Aft made iti the last Session of 56 G. 3. c. 140. 4 Parliament, for establishing the Ufe of an Hydrometer called § 2,

€ Sikes' Hydrometer in ascertaining the Strength of Spirits, instead 6 of Clarke's Hydrometer, it is enacted, that in all Trials of the 4 Strength of any Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Excife c with the said Hydrometer called Sikes' Hydrometer in any Part of 4 the United Kingdom, the Strength of Eight per Centum above i Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sikes' Hydrometer,

4 shall be substituted for the Strength of One to Ten over Hydro-4 meter Proof mentioned in an Aft made in the Twenty sixth Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other things for the 4 better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; or 4 in another Aft made in the Twenty eighth Year of His said 4 Majefty’s Reign, among other things for better regulating the ‘ Exportation oF Britifh-made Spirits from England to Scotland, c and from Scotland to England; or of another Aft made in the 4 Thirtieth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, among other things to * continue Two Afts made in the Twenty eighth and Twenty ninth 4 Years of His laid Majefty?s Reign therein mentioned ; or of another c Aft made in the Fifty second Year of His said Majefty’s Reign,

4 among other things for regulating the Warehouftng of Spirits 4 distilled from Corn in Ireland for Exportation, without Payment c of the Duty of Excife chargeable thereon, or in any other Aft 4 or Afts of Parliament relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of 4 Excife in any Part of the United Kingdom, in force immediately 4 before the palling of the said Aft made in the last Session of 4 Parliament; and that all Spirits made fubjefl to Forfeiture under 4 or by virtue of the said last mentioned Afts or any or either of 4 them, for or by reason of their higher Degree of Strength than last 4 aforesaid, shall, together with the Calks and Packages containing 4 the fame, be and remain forfeited for and by reason of the said ‘ Spirits being of a higher Degree of Strength than the said Eight

4 per

Hosted

C. 123.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

46 i

The Strength of Seven per Cent, above Proof, denoted by Sikei’ Hydrometer, shall, in lieu of the Strength of Eight per Cent, above Proof, mentioned in 56 G. 3. c.140. be substituted for One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in any AS relating to Spirits. Regulations of all A<fts relating to Strength of Spirits, to extend to this AS.

Aftex Oft. 10, 1817, Walh, before it is put into the Still, to be conveyed from the fermenting VefTel to an entered circular or elliptical VefTel, called Jack Back, &c.

*	per Centum above Proof; and it was by the said Aft provided, that c if the Strength of any Spirits manufactured and imported from 6 that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great 6 Britain called England as afore said shall, upon Trial by any

<	Officer or Officers of Excife in England by the said Hydrometer,

*	be denoted to be greater than that of Eight per Centum above c Proof, and such Excefs shall not exceed Three per Centum over c and above the said Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, c then and in such case the said Spirits mall not be forfeited, but

<	fhall be charged with the further Duty proportioned to their ‘ said Surplus Strength : And Whereas it has been found that the 4 said Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, denoted by the ‘ said Hydrometer, exceeds by more than One per Centum the 6 Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in the

*	faid Afts, for which the fame is substituted as aforesaid ;* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of O&ober One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, in all Trials of the Strength of any Spirits, the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sikes’ Hydrometer shall, in lieu of the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof mentioned in the said Aft of the last Session of Parliament, be substituted and taken for the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in all and every of the said Afts, and in all other Aft and Afts relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife on British and Irijh Spirits respectively ; and that all and every of the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisoes, Enaftments, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures made and contained in any of the said Afts, or in the said Aft of the last Session of Parliament, or in any other Aft: or Afts relating or applying to or in respect of any Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, or to Eight per Centum above Hydrometer Proof as the Subftitute thereof mentioned in the said Aft of the last Session of Parliament, shall extend and apply and be put in force to and in respect of any Spirits of or above or under the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof, as the case may happen to be, and as denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sikes’ Hydrometer, in lieu of the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and Eight per Centum above Hydrometer Proof respectively, mentioned in the said Afts or any of them, as fully and effectually as if the fame were hereby repeated and re-enafted in and by this Aft ; any thing in the said Aft or in any other Aft or Afts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII, And for the better securing the Duties of Excife on Wort or Wafh, be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of O&ober One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Waffi used or made by any Maker or Diftiller of Spirits in England shall, before it is put into his, her or their Still or Stills for Diftillation into Low Wines, be conveyed from each fermenting Back or VefTel in which it shall have been fermented, into an entered circular or elliptical VefTel called Jack Back, having no Pipe or other Communication with any other VefTel or VefTels, Utenfil or Utenftls whatsoever, except with such fermenting Backs, and with the Wafh Still or Stills, by means of the Wafh Main Pipe and the Wafh Pump, and which Jack Back shall be used for no other Purpose, and shall be of a Size not less than Three Fourths of the Content of the

Wafh

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 123.

465

Wafh Still or Stills, including the Head or Heads thereof, intended

to be charged, and the mean Diameter of which at the Head shall not

exceed the Depth thereof; and no more Wafh shall be conveyed into

such Jack Back at one time than is sufficient to charge the Still or

Stills then intended to be charged ; and every Charge of Wafh

shall be so conveyed into such Jack Back before such Still or Stills

shall be unlocked for the Purpofe of being charged ; and the whole

Quantity of Wafh conveyed into such Jack Back, after being

gauged by the Officer, shall be conveyed into the Still or Stills ;

and if any Wafh used or made by any Maker or Diflilier of Spirits Diflilier not

in England shall not, before it is put into the Still or Stills for complying with

Diftillation into Low Wines, be conveyed from each fermenting die Regulation!

Back or Veflel, into which it shall have been fermented, into such ^.ere^ men~

Jack Back as aforesaid, or if such Jack Back shall have any other lon *

Pipes or Communication than as aforesaid, or be used for any other Purpofe than as aforesaid, or if more Wadi be conveyed therein at one time than is necefTary to charge such Wadi Still or Wafh Stills, or if the Wafh, or any Part thereof, at any time conveyed into any such Wafh Back shall be removed or conveyed from such Jack Back before the proper Officer shall have taken an Account thereof in such Jack Back, or any Part thereof shall be kept or concealed from such Officer in any manner whatsoever, or if the whole Quantity so conveyed shall not, after such Account thereof has been taken, be conveyed from such Jack Back into the Wadi Still or Wafh Stills in the manner herein directed, every such Maker or Diflilier shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	Penalty 500!.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Directions for for any Maker or Makers, or Diflilier or Diflillers of Spirits in using the Velfel England, who shall at the time of palling this A£t have and use any called JarkBack entered Jack Back for charging his, her or their Wafh Still or Wafh now entered in Stills with Wafh, to continue to have and use such Jack Back for sdlb andVlfo the Purpofe of receiving the Wafh in the Courfe of its Paffage and the Mode of Tranfmiffion from the refpe£tive fermenting Backs into such J'ack conveying the Back, as by this A61 is required, for containing at one time the Wa(h to the Whole of the Wafh which is to be run, pumped or conveyed into the Wafh Still or Wafh Stills intended to be charged for any	ac is	not

Charge thereof, and there to be taken Account of by the proper Officer, such intermediate Jack Back not having at any time hereafter any Pipe or other Communication with any other VelTel or Utenfil whatioever, except the Wafh Main Pipe and entered Wafh Pump, nor being used for any other Purpofe than to contain Wafh in the Courfe of such Paffage or Tranfmiffion as aforesaid ; and for any Maker or Makers, or Diflilier or Diflillers of Spirits in Eng-land, in lieu of entering or using any Jack Back, to convey, by means only of his, her or their entered Wafh Pump, the Whole of his, her or their Wafh immediately from the Wafh Main Pipe, into his, her or their Wafh Still or Wafh Stills, for the Purpofe of making and diflilling therefrom Low Wines, without running, pumping or conveying the fame into any Jack Back or other intermediate Veffel or Utenfil whatsoever ; any thing in this A 61 contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding : Provided, that no such Maker or Makers, Diflilier or Diflillers as aforesaid, shall have or keep, or pump, run or convey into any Wafh Still or Wafh Stiib*

57 Geo. III.	H	h	any

Hosted

4G6

C. 123.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Di(tiller, Szc. offending.

Penalty 500I. After 061. ro, Difcharee Plugs, See. of Walh Back when charged, to be locked and levied, and opened by the proper Officer, to run the Walh into the Jack Back, &c.

Locks, Sec. provided at the Expence of Jjilliller, &c.

any Feints, Liquor, Water or other Matters or Things rwhatfoever except Wafh, or draw off or distil any Walh from any Walh Still, until the Officer or Officers of Excife ffiall have gauged and taken Account therein of the whole Quantity of unmixed and undiluted Walh run, pumped or conveyed into such Walh Still or Walh Stills for the Charge thereof respectively, without making any Allowance for the Expanfion of such Walh from Heat or otherwise, and ascertained that such Quantity of Walh is not less than Three Parts in Four of the Quantity which such Still, including the Head thereof, is capable of containing ; and if any such Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftillers as aforesaid, ffiall at any time hereafter use or employ any Jack Back for any other Purpofe than as aforesaid, or ffiali keep or continue any Walh in any such intermediate Jack Back as aforesaid, and not pump and convey the fame forthwith into the Jack Back hereinbefore required, in which all such Walh is to be gauged and taken Account of by the Officer as aforesaid,. or ffiall use or employ any Jack Back unentered, or having any Pipe or other Communication with any other VefTel or Utenfil than as aforesaid, or if any Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftillers as aforesaid, not using or employing any Jack Back whatsoever, ffiall not run, pump or convey the Whole of his, her or their Walh directly from the Walh Main Pipe into his, her or their Walh Still or Wafh Stills as aforesaid, or ffiall have, keep, run, pump or convey any Feints, Liquor, Water or other Matter or Thing what-soever, into such Walh Still or Walh Stills, or draw off from or distil therein any Wafh, until the proper Officer ffiall have gauged and taken an Account of the whole Quantity of unmixed and undiluted Walh in such Walh Still or Walh Stills at each and every Charge thereof respectively, without making any Allowance for the Expanfion of such Walh from Heat or otherwise, and ffiali have ascertained that the fame is not less than Three Parts in Four of the Quantity which such Still, including the Plead thereof, is capable of containing, such Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftiliers, in any such Cafe offending, ffiall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of 0Sober, all and every the Difcharge Plugs, Pipes and Cocks of every Wafh Back used or employed by any Maker or Makers, or Diftiller or Diftillers of Spirits in England, when charged with Wort or Wafh, ffiall be locked and sealed and opened by the proper Officer of Excife, for the Purpofe of enabling such Diftiller or Diftillers to run the Wafh from any such fermenting Back, of which Notice ffiall be given, into the Jack Back aforesaid, in order to charge the Wafh Still or Stills, in the same manner as the Wafh Pump and charging Cock of the Wafh Still used by such Maker or Diftiller are now by Law required to be locked and sealed and opened by such Officer ; and that in like manner there ffiall be proper Faftenings and Locks provided for the fame to the Satisfa£lion of such Officer as aforesaid, at the Expence of such Maker or Diftiller ; and that the Wafh Main Pipe communicating between the fermenting Backs and the Jack Back aforesaid, ffiall be so placed and fixed that all Wafh or Liquor put or entering therein ffiall run and be discharged or conveyed from thence into the Jack Back, and will neither rest in such Main Pipe or run elsewhere, and ffiall have

no

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57dGEO. III.

C. 123.

467

iio Pipe or other Conveyance entering into or passing out of the

fame, except the Plug Hole or Pipe from each fermenting Back

hereby directed and required to be locked as aforesaid, and the

Sewer Cock or Pipe to be kept locked by the proper Officer, and

opened only for washing out or cleanfmg such Wafh Main Pipe, and

fiiall have no other Cock thereon whatever; and if any such Concealing, &c.

Maker or Diftiller shall not provide, fix, maintain and keep such Wa(h,&c.

Wafh Main Pipe as aforesaid, or fiiall wilfully open, break or da-

inage, or cause or suffer to be opened, broken or damaged, any of

such Locks, Faftenings, Plugs, Pipes or Cocks, or use any other

Art or Contrivance whereby any Wafh may' or can be privately-

conveyed away or concealed from the Officer, or in any respect offend

in any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, every such Maker or

Diftiller shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five

hundred Pounds.	Penalty 5col.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That no Redlifier or Redlifiers Re&ifiers felling

of Spirits shall fell, fend out or deliver in England any rectified &c. aIiy other Spirits, not being Spirits of Wine, Briti/Jo Brandy, British Gin or !^n f^.^0^ Compounds ; and that no raw Spirits shall be fold, removed or de-	^c'

livered to, or bought, taken, had or received by or into the Stock raw Spirits, and or Poffeffion of any Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits or Wine Denier whatsoever in England, not being an entered Redlifier of Spirits ; and if any such Spirits as aforesaid shall be iold, removed or delivered to or taken, had or received by any such Dealer or Retailer as aforesaid, the fame, together with the Calks or other Packages in which the fame shall be contained, and the Boats and other Velfels, Carts and other Carriages, and Horfes or Cattle used for removing the fame, shall be refpedfively forfeited, and fiiall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Person &nd Persons refpedtivelyffelling, delivering, buying, removing, taking, having or receiving the lame, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers,

Diftiller or Diftiliers, or Redlifier or Redlifiers of Spirits in England, receiving any Spirits, not being Foreign Spirits, into his, her or their Cuftody or Pofsession, shall break Bulk or draw off any Part thereof, or add Water or any thing thereto, or in any &c, till Officer respect alter the fame, or tap or open any of the Calks, or alter or takes an Ac-change any of the Packages containing any such Spirits, or the count of the

Stunts therein remnvprL until the nrnnpr OfiReei-

being an entered Rectifier, receiving.

Penalty acoh Mo Diftiller or Rectifier receiving Spirits, not being Foreign, to break Bulk,

Spirits therein removed, until the proper Officer or Oificers of Ex-	and

cife fiiall have taken an Account of the Strength and Quantity ' thereof; and every such Maker, Diftiller and Redtifier as aforesaid shall, on the Receipt of any such Spirits, give Notice thereof to his, her or their surveying Officer of Excife, and deliver to such Officer the Permit received by lrim, her or them with such Spirits, whereupon such Officer fiiall attend and take an Account of the Strength and Quantity of such Spirits ; and if any such Maker,

Diftiller or Redlifier, who fiiall receive any such Spirits into his,

her or their Cuftody or Pofsession, shall fail to give such Notice and

deliver such Permit as aforesaid, or ffiall, unless such Officer shall not Diftiller to give

attend within Three Hours after receiving such Notice and take Notice to Officer

such Account as aforesaid, break Bulk or draw off any Part of gf j^Ceipt °f

such Spirits, or add Water or any thing thereto, or in any refpedl

alter the fame, or tap or open any of the Calks, or alter or change

^	Hh	2	any	-

Hosted

C. 123.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

463

Penalty 500I. Removing, Sec. without a Permit:, or a greater Quantity of Spirits than e^prefTcd in Permit, Sec.

Penalty.

What deemed a faille Permit.

Penalty.

What Dealer in Foreign Wine, having more than Two Gallons of Sp'rits of Wine at a time, or any other Britifli Spirits of greater Strength tlian herein mentioned,

any of the Packages containing any such Spirits, or the Spirits therein removed, until the proper Officer or Officers of Excife ffiall have taken an Account of the Strength and Quantity thereof, all such Spirits, or a Quantity equal thereto, ffiail be forfeited, and ffiall and may,be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and such Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftillers-, Re&ifier or Redfifiers so offending, ffiall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enabled. That any Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftiliers, Redlifier or Rectifiers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Spirits in England, who ffiall deliver, remove or receive any Spirits, for the Removal of which a Permit is by Law required, without such Permit, or a greater Quantity of Spirits, or of a different Kind or Quality, than ffiall be expressed in such Permit, or having obtained such Permit ffiall not fend out therewith the Spirits therein described, or return the said Permit within the Time now by Law required, and every Person or Persons who ftiall fell, lend, deliver or employ, or make use of, or cause or suffer any such Permit as aforesaid, or any other Permit granted under any Law or Laws of Excife, to be fold, lent, delivered, employed or made use of to or for any other Ufe or Purpofe what-foever than to accompany the actual Removal of the Spirits or Goods respectively for which the fame was obtained and granted, and which ftiall be therein expressed or described, or ffiall produce or cause or suffer the fame to be produced to any Officer or other Person, as having been received with any Goods other than as afore-laid, or ffiall in any manner use or employ, or cause or suffer to be used or emploved, any Permit, so as that any Account kept or checked or to be kept or checked by the Officer or Officers of Excife by such Permit ffiall or may be frustrated or evacted, he, ffie or they ffiall for every such Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, over and above all other Penalty and Penalties, Forfeiture and Forfeitures whatfoeverand every Permit used for any Purpofe whatsoever other than to accompany the Removal of the Spirits or Goods respectively for which it was obtained and granted, and which ffiall be therein expressed or described, ftiall be deemed and taken to be a false Permit, and such Ufe ffiall, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures, subject the Person or Persons so using the fame to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by Law upon any Person or Persons for using, giving or receiving any false Permits

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Dealer or Dealers in Foreign Wine, not being an entered Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Spirits in England, ffiall have, receive or take into his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion any Spirits of Wine exceeding Two Gallons at any one time, or any other British Spirits, except Spirits of Wine, of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than Twenty per Centum under Hydrometer Proof; and if any such Dealer as aforesaid, not being an entered Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits as aforesaid, ftiall have, receive or take into his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion any Spirits of Wine exceeding Two Gallons at one Time, or other British Spirits, except Spirits of Wine of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than Twenty per Centum under Hydrometer Proof; all fitch Spirits ffiall be forfeited, arid

ffiall

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 123.

469

Penalty iool. Spirits of Wine

mentioned and! kept in a separate PJjce entered.

If found of less Strength, or nixed or removed without a Per-

ffiall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Person or Persons in such case offending ffiall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enabled, That all Spirits of Wine ffiall be made and kept of the Strength of Forty three per Centum over to he of the Hydrometer Proof at the leafs, and that the a£lual and true Strenglh herem Strength of all Spirits of Wine ffiall be expressed and specified in the Requefl Note for a Permit, and in the Permit granted for or to accompany the Removal thereof, and ffiall be taken Account of by the Officer in the respective Stocks of every Dealer in and Retailer of Spirits according to the adluai Strength thereof; and that every Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits ffiall keep all Spirits of Wine in a separate and distinct Cellar or Place entered for that Purpose, in which no other Spirits or Foreign Wine or Sweets or Made Wines is, are or ffiall be kept ; and if any Spirits of Wine ffiall from and after the passing of this A61 be kept or removed of less Strength than as aforesaid, or be mixed or mingled with any Foreign Wine, Foreign Spirits or other British Spirits, or by any means be reduced, lowered or weakened in the Strength thereof, or ffiall mit, or found in be removed without the Permit	expreffing the	Strength thereof, or	other	than a

ffiall be found in or upon the	Premifes or in	the Cuftody or Pof-	feparate Place,

session of any such Dealer or Retailer as aforesaid, otherwise than in such separate entered Cellar or Place as	aforefaid ; all fuch

Spirits of Wine, and all Wine	or Spirits with	which any Spirits of

Wine ffiall be so mixed or mingled, ffiall be forfeited, and ffiall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Dealer or Dealers and Retailer or Retailers as aforesaid offending therein ffiall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty 200I.

4 XVI. And Whereas by an Adi made in the Fifty second Year 52 G. 3. c.142.

* of the Reign of His present Majessy, for permitting the Removal § 3'

4 of Goods from one Bonding Warehoufe to another in the fame 43 G. 3^ e. 132.

4 Port, it is enacted, that any Rum of the Growth or Produce of ^ ^	^'

4 the Britijlo Sugar Plantations imported into Great Britain in any 4 Calk of Sixty Gallons or upwards, ffiall be allowed to be ware-4 housed in the same manner as Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva,

4 Spirits or Aqua Vitae, is or are, by an Adi made in the Forty 4 third Year of the Reign of His present Majeffy, intituled An Aft 4 for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured 4 in Warehoufe without Payment of Duty, allowed to be warehoused :

4 And Whereas by the Laws now in force such Rum may be de-4 livered from or out of any such Warehoufe to be ffiipped as 4 Stores, to be spent and consumed on board any Ship or Veffel in 4 any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, freed and discharged from 4 all the Duties of Excife, provided such Rum be not so ffiipped in 4 any Calk which ffiall contain less than One hundred Galions; And

*	Whereas it is expedient that such Rum ffiould be allowed to be 4 ffiipped as aforesaid in Calks containing not less than Sixty Gab

*	Ions Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the palling off Rum may he

this A6t, any Calk not containing less than Sixty Gallons of. such taken 00t oi Rum as aforesaid ffiall or may be delivered from or out of any Warehouie and Warehouse, and Ihipped as Stores to be spent and consumed on	Oa&s

board any Ship or Veffel in any Voyage to Parts beyond the confining not Seas, freed and discharged from all the Duties of Excife, subject lets than 60 aeverthclefs to all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Reffridlions Galions, as

Hh3	and	Stom>	10	be

Hosted

C. 123, 124.

57° GEO. III.

con fumed on board, free from Duty.

Conditions.

Penalty.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

A61 may be altered, &c. this Sefiiou,

C. 34. §3- ante.

A.D. 1817.

and Provinces, and all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained, provid^dc fettled or eftabli filed in or by all or any of the Laws now in force Tor or in respect of any Rum shipped or to be shipped as Stores, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and re-enadled in the Body of this A £1: Provided always, that no Rum shall be shipped for Stores on board of any Ship (except by the special Order and Permiflion of the Com, miffioners of Excife), but at the Port at which the Ship or Veffel is fitted out for the Voyage; and that the Oath required by Law to be made, that the fame is to be shipped as Stores to be spent and consumed in the Voyage, shall be made by Affidavit in Writing by the Matter or Purfer of such Ship or Veffel; and that if the Con* tents of any such Cafk shall be drawn off, or the Rum or any Part thereof be used or altered, either in Quantity or Quality, before such Ship or Veffel shall have left the Port and failed upon her intended Voyage, such Cafk or Cafks and the Rum therein contained or drawn off shall be forfeited, over and above the Penalty of the Bond given on the Shipment thereof, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Adt, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adlion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or In* formation in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, difeoveror sue for the fame.

XVIII.	And be ic further enacted, That this Adi, or any of the Provifions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Adi to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Adi to amend an Adi made in the present Session of Parliament, for authorizing the Iffue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fifheries, and Employment of the Poor.

[i ith July 1817.]

4	^^REAS by an Adi made in this present Session of Par-

4 VI liament, intituled An Aft to authorize the JJfue of Fx-4 chequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Confolidated 4 Fund, to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works 4 and Fifheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the 4 Poor in Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned, it is among 4 other things enacted, that at any time after the patting of the said 4 Adt, by or out of such Monies as shall at any time or times 4 remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, or out of 4 the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the United 4 Kingdom, arising in Ireland (after paying or reserving sufficient 4 to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Adt or Adis of Parliament to be paid in Ireland out of the said Confolidated Fund), there shall and may be issued, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gover-

4 nors

Hosted

A.D.1817*	57°	GEO. III.	C. 124.	4	71

« nors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time, in manner c and under the Regulations in the said Afl mentioned and contained*

4 any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the

*	Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to be applied 4 to the Purpofes of the said Aft in manner and under the Re-4 gulations therein mentioned : And Whereas the present Diffreffed

*	State of the Poor in some Parts of Ireland may require more 4 speedy Relief than could be afforded under the Regulations of 4 the said recited Adi Be it therefore enafled by The King's Moll Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Lord Lieutenant after the passing of this Adi it shall and may be lawful for the of Ireland may Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland

for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, for to nominate and appoint so many and such Persons as he or they Applications for shall think fit, not exceeding seven in Number, to be Special Com- Relief; and upon miffioners for the Purpofe of receiving Applications for Relief in lheir Recom-Cafes of extreme Neceffity ; and upon the Report and Recommend- ^ead;'tlon» ation of such Commissioners or any Three of them, it shall be	^	°

lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go- 250,0001., may 'f/ernors of Ireland for the time being to direct that any Part or be advanced for Portion of the said Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand the Employment Pounds shall be paid and advanced in Aid of any private or local Contribution or Subfcription for the Relief and Employment of the Poor in any Part or Parts of Ireland, to any Person or Persons whatever, and at any such time or times, and in any such manner and proportion, and under any such Pv.egulations and Di-reftions as shall be suggested and recommended by such Commissioners, and as shall be approved of and authorized by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor Gr Governors of Ireland for the time being ; any thing in the said recited Aft of this Sefiion of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enafled, That the Commissioners so to be Commissioners appointed under the Authority of this Aft shall, whenever they to give an Ac-fhall be thereto required by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary,	Secretary

Sranfmit an Account or Accounts in Writing of all their Pror ceedings under this Aft, to the Office of such Chief Secretary, and the fame shall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament.

* III. And Whereas many Public Works of Drainage are to be c executed, or are in the Courfe of Execution, under-the Authority 6 of Parliament, by Commissioners or Truflees, out of Taxes upon 4 Land, or other Funds or Revenues raised or charged to pay the 6 Expences of such Works ; and Doubts have arisen whether the

*	faid recited Aft authorizes the Advance of Money to such Com-c miffioners or Truflees for such Works, without personal Security,

6	upon Conditions which are properly applicable to such Works

4 of Drainage Be it therefore enafled, That it shall and may Advances may be lawful for the Commissioners for carrying the said recited Aft be made for into Execution, to make any Advance of Money by Exchequer drainage on the Bills, under the said recited Aft, in Aid of any Work or Works of	°*116

Drainage, either with or without Navigation, to be executed, or in the *

Courfe of Execution, by Commissioners or Truflees under the Au-

H h 4*	thority

Hosted

C. 124.

57° GEO. III.

if Commifiioners satisfied of the Utility of the Work.

Exchequer Bills, when payable.

Regulating Advances to Pariflies.

Repayment of Exchequer Bills.

Preference to Claims of Com-rnifiioners on Bankrupts* Eftates.

Provifo.

A.D.1S17.

thority of Parliament ; such Advances to be made to such Com* rnifiioners or Trustees without personal Security, upon the Credit of any Rates or Taxes payable from any Lands or Grounds, or upon any other Funds or Revenues for such Works: Provided always, that in every such case of Advance for Works of Drainage under this Aft or the said recited Aft, the Commifiioners for carrying the said recited Aft into Execution (hali be satisfied of the Utility of the Work, and that the Rates, Taxes, Funds and Revenues to be mortgaged and afiigned according to the Provi-fions of the said recited Aft, shall be an adequate Security for the said Advances.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all Exchequer Bills whatever which shall be made out in pursuance of the said recited Aft, and shall be advanced for diiy of the Purpofes in the said recited Aft or this Aft mentioned, shall be made payable on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and at no other time ; any thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary not-withflanding.

V.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Advance fiiall be made under the Provifions of the said recited Aft for die Ufe of any Parifb, Townfhip or Place in Great Britain^ in which the Amount of the Money actually expended for the Relief of the Poor, in the Year ending at Eafier One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or ending at the usual Quarter Day immediately preceding Eajler One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall not exceed by Three Fourths the average annual Amount of the Money expended for the Relief of the Poor for the Three Years preceding Eajler One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or shall not exceed by One Half the Amount so expended for the Year ending Eajler One thousand eight hundred and sixteen ; any thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary in any wise notwithllanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Principal Sums contained in the Exchequer Bills which shall be advanced or lent by the said Commifiioners for the Execution of this Aft in Great Britain, under the Authority of the said recited Aft, the Payment whereof shall not be otherwise provided for pursuant to the said recited Aft, shall be repaid without Deduftion or Abatement, together with Interefl for the fame at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, at their Office, by the Space of Fifteen Days at least before the time when each such Exchequer Bill fnali become payable according to the Provifions of this Aft ; such Interefl to be computed on the said Principal Sum from the Date of such Exchequer Bill to the time of the Payment thereof.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Claims of the Commifiioners under the said recited Aft shall be paid and satisfied out of the Eftate and EfFefts of any Person or Persons who shall become Bankrupt, and against whole Eftate Sequeflration shall be awarded in Scotland, out of the Eftate and EfFefts of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors ; nevertheless without Prejudice to Preference, duly obtained according to the Law in Scotlandy upon the Real Eftates of Persons who shall become Bankrupt.

VIII. And

Hosted

C. 124.

A.D. 1817.	57°	GEO.	III.

473

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Advances may laid Commifiioners named in and appointed by the said recited Aft, be made to and their Succeflbrs for the time being, or any Three or more of

them, to receive Applications in Writing from the Truftee9 of any h^rs \c not Road or Roads, Railway or Railways, or the Trustees or Commif- aMin* under fioners of any Harbour or Drainage, whether acting under the Au- Authority of thority of Parliament or otherwise, or from any Person or Persons Parliament; and for the Encouragement of the Fifheries, or the Support of any Col- ^rr^"f°urage' heries or Mines, or from any Person or Persons proposing to employ p, Series the Poor of any Parifh or Parifhes in Great Britain in any bene- Colheries, &c. ficial Objeft or Work, for the Loan and Advance of Money by Exchequer Bills or otherwise, according to the said recited Aft ; and the said Commifiioners shall proceed to take such Applications into their Confideration in such and the like Manner as any other Applications mentioned and referred to in the said recited Aft, and to grant such Loan or Loans in pursuance thereof as the said Com-inifiioners may think fit, having regard, in considering all such Applications as are mentioned in the said recited Aft and this Aft, to the Benefit which may arise in affording Employment for the labouring Claffes of People and the Numbers to be emploved, and to the Validity of the Security proposed for the Repayment of the Money or Exchequer Bills advanced.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commifiioners

said Commifiioners named in and appointed by the said recited Aft, may ta^ce ^ort-and their Succeffors for the time being, or any Three or more of	Free-""

them, in all Cafes where they shall fee Occafion, in addition to the hold, Copyhold Security required by the said recited Aft and this Aft, and as a or Leasehold further Security for any Loan to be made of any such Exchequer Property, as Bills mentioned in the said recited Aft, or for Part of such Loan ^irtl^er Security from any Principal or Surety in such Loan, to require and take macJe Security by Mortgages, Aflignipents, Surrenders or other competent Affurance, upon the Freehold, Copyhold or Leafehold Eftate or

Eftates of such Principal oi Surety, or other Person or Persons by whom such Loan shall be required, or to or for whose Ufe such Loan shall be granted ; such Mortgages, Alignments, Surrenders or other Security to be respectively granted and made to and in the Name of the Secretary to the said Commifiioners for the time being, in Truft for the said Commifiioners, and upon such Terms, Provifoes and Conditions as the said Commifiioners or any Three or more of them shall direct and appoint with respect to such Loan, or any Part thereof.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said CommiiTioners

Commifiioners, or any Three or more of them, in all Cafes where	”cu

they shall fee Occafion, to accept and take as a further and additional rjtys Heritable Security for any Loan to be made of any Sum in such Exchequer Securities on Bills as aforesaid, under the said recited Aft or this Aft, or Part of Eftates in Scot-fuch Loan, from any Principal or Surety in such Loan, or other End, and Aftign-Perfon or Persons having Lands, Heritages or other Real Eftates in mentsthei eof. Scotland, or any heritable Security whatever, which may affest, incumber or charg*e the said Real Eftates of such Principal or Sureties,

or such other Persons as aforesaid by the Laws of Scotland ; and also to accept and take as a like further and additional Security from any iuch Principal or Surety, or other Person or Persons possessed of any heritable Security, affesting, incumbering or charging any Real

Eftates

Hosted

474

C. 124.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Eftates in Scotland, any Afiignment of such heritable Security pro-posed, according to the Forms prescribed by the Laws of Scotland ; and that every such heritable Security which shall be so granted and conllituted, and every Afiignment of any heritable Security which shall be so made as any such further and additional Security for such Loan as aforesaid, fliali respectively be granted, conllituted and made, to and in the Name of the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the time being, in Truft for the said Commissioners, in terms of Pecret.-ry,under the Loan, for which the fame shall be a Security ; and the said Se-DirtiCiion of cretary for the time being shall, under the Directions of the said Comn-alTioners^ Commissioners or any Three or more of them, have full Power and r-quinte to give Authority to perform, execute ar>d carry into Effe6t any Adis, Mat* Effect to fu-h ters and Things whatsoever, which shall be requisite for the further heritable Secu- and better alluring and validating any such heritable Security or nty ar Aflign- Aflignment thereof as aforesaid, and for enforcing, prosecuting and r'f'et‘t thereof. pursuing the fame, for the Recovery of the Sums for which such Securities were refpeCtively granted, constituted and made, in all Courts of competent JurifdiCtion in Scotland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame Securities refpeCtively were granted, constituted and made to the Secretary for the time being, as a Security for his own proper Debt in Scotland; and that on Payment or Satisfaction of the Principal Sums for which such Security fliali be given, with Intereft for the fame, and all Cofts incurred in recovering the fame, the said Secretary for the time being shall and he is hereby authorized, under the Direction of the said Commif-lioners, or any Three or more of them, to execute on Behalf of the said Commissioners a Difcharge or Renunciation of the said Money so paid and fatisfled, to be prepared at the Cofts of the Party or Parties making such Payment or Satisfaction, according to the Forms prescribed by Law for discharging and renouncing any heritable Debt or Incumbrance upon a Real Eftate in Scotland; and that such Difcharge shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

Commissioners XI. And be it further enacted, That it fliali be lawful for the may take, as a said Commissioners named in and appointed by the said recited A cl, further Security, an^ their SuccefTors for the time being, or any Three or more of Bonds”E°che-'a	in Cafes where they fliali fee Occafion, to accept and take

quer Bills, Bills as a farther and additional Security for any Loan to be made of any of Exchange, &c. such Exchequer Bills mentioned in the said ACt, or any Part of such or other nego- Loan, over and above the Security required by the said recited ACt c;able Securities. or ACt, any Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, or any transferable Share or Shares in any Corporation, Company or Public Work carried on under the Authority of Parliament, Bills of Exchange or other negociable Securities for Money whatever, which fliali be assigned, transferred or deposited for that Purpose, as the said Com-mifftoners or any Three or more of them shall direCt; and all such Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, Share or Shares in any such Corporation, Company or Public Works, Bills of Exchange, or other negociable Securities for Money so assigned, transferred or deposited, shall, in Default of Payment of such Loan in the Manner direCted and appointed by the said Commissioners under and by virtue of the said recited ACt or this ACt, or any Three or more of them, become and be veiled in the said Commissioners, and shall and may be fold and disposed of, or the Monies due or payable by virtue thereof fhall

and

Hosted

C. 124.

and may be sued for in due Courfe of Law, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, for the Ufe of the said Commissioners under the said recited AdL

XII.	And be it further enabled, That no Bond to His Majesty, nor any heritable Securities, nor any Alignment of any heritable Securities, nor any Mortgage, Surrender, Alignment or other Xnftrument or AfTurance taken by the said Commissioners in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, or otherwise, under the said recited Adt or this Adt, nor any Examination, Affidavit, Deposition, Receipt or Confent by Sureties or Surety to an Extenfion of Time granted by the laid Commissioners for Payment of any Exchequer Bills advanced to any Principal by virtue of the said recited Adt or this Adt, or any Receipt or other Document that may be taken or made under and by virtue of the said recited Act or this A (ft, and for the Purpofe of carrying the said Adts and each of them into Execution, ffiall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever ; any thing in any A<ft or Adts in force in Great Britain or Ireland to the contrary in anywise notivithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That it ffiall be lawful for the said Commissioners under and by virtue of the said recited Act and this Adt, in every Cafe in which it may become necessary, to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary for the time being; and that no A<ftion or Suit in Law or Equity to be brought or commenced by or against the said Commissioners on account of the said recited Adt or this Adt, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary, or by the Adt of such Secretary, without the Confent of the said Commissioners ; but the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Adtion or Suit, as the Cafe may be ; and no Adlion or Suit shall be brought against the said Cqmmiffioners colledtively or individually, or against their Secretary, except in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, and with the Leave of such Courts respectively first had and obtained, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Courts ffiall direct.

XIV* And be it further enacted, That it ffiall be lawful for the Commissioners under the said recited Adt and this Adt, in every Cafe in which they are empowered to make any Advance under the Provilions of the said recited Adt, upon the Depofit of any Proportion specified in the said Adt of the Money estimated as the Colts of the Completion of the Whole of any Public Works, to make such Advances in different Sums at different Periods, and without requiring the Whole of any such Proportion to be provided by the Body Corporate or Politic, or Company of Proprietors, or Persons interested in such Public Works, to be expended or deposited as required by the said recited Adt ; Provided always, that in every such Cafe the Whole of such Proportion ffiall be actually subscribed for, and made subject to Calls under the Provilions oi feme Adt or Adts of Parliament relating to such Work, or be otherwise secured to the Satisfadtion of the said Commissioners, and Twenty five Pounds per Centum thereon actually paid and deposited ; and provided always, that no such Advance to be from time to time made by the said Commissioners ffiall exceed Twice the Money actually from time to time raided, paid, expended or deposited upon any fuch

Subfcripv

Obligations, Mortgages* Sec. taken by the Commiffionej Affidavits, Receipts, Sec. not liable to Stamp Duty.

Commiffioner? may l'ue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary.

Aftions against Commissioners to be brought in the Court of Exchequer of England, Scotland or Ireland.

Advances maybe made, at different rinr.es on certain Conditions.

Provifo,

Hosted

476

Advances maybe made to T-ruftees of Railways or Roads, or Corn-miffioners tfor Drainage, on an adequate Fund for Repayment with lutereft being secured.

Perlonsl Security not required.

Letters, &c. to Secretary of Commissioners, free of Poltage.

54O.3-c.147.

55 O. 3 c. 159.

§

C.124, 125.	S7nGEO.III.	A.D.181/.

Subfcription ; any thing in the laid recited A& to the contrary -notwithftanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited A<t in Greal Britain, or any Three or more of them, upon any Applications which shall be made to them under the said Act from the Tru flees of any Roads or .Railways, or the Commissioners for any Drainage, for the Advance of any Money by Exchequer Bills under the said recited Act, to grant such Applications, upon having an adequate Fund for Repayment of the Money so advanced secured to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, being not less in annual Amount than shall be sufficient to pay an Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Principal Money advaneed, and a farther annual Sum of Five Pounds per Centum to be applied as a Sinking Fund for the Redemption or the Principal so advaneed, within such time as the- said Commissioners for the Execution of the said Adi shall direct and appoint, and as shall be fpecihed in the Mortgage or Alignment to be made of the Rates or Tolls of such Roads, Railways or. Drainage ; and that in all Cafes in which Security shall be given in manner aforesaid, it shall not be required of the Party or Parties applying for such Advance to give or enter into any perional Security ; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

£ XVI. And Whereas it is expedient that all Letters and Packets * addressed to the Secretary to the said Commissioners ffiould pass 6 free of the Duty of Poftage p Be it therefore enacted, That all Letters and Packets addressed to the Secretary of the said Commissioners at their Office shall pal's free of the Duty of Poftage.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to authorize the driving and keeping a Hackney Coach

or Chariot under the fame Licence.	[nth July 1817.]

C 'XXTHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made and passed in < VY the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, c intituled An Ad for the better Regulation of the Drivers of Licenfed 6 Hackney Coaches, for explaining and amending an Ad passed in the 4 Forty eighth Tear of His present Majesty, relating to Hackney 1 Coaches> and for authorising the licenfmg of a limited Number of c Hackney Chariots (a): And Whereas another Act of Parliament c was made and passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His ‘ present Majesty, intituled An Ad to amend several Ads relating ‘ to Hackney Coaches, for authorising the licenfmg of an additional *• Number of Hackney Chariots, and for licenfmg Carriages drawn

*	by One Horse ; whereby the Commissioners for licenfmg and regu-( lating Hackney Coaches were empowered, in the manner in the i said recited Acts directed, to license Hackney Chariots, not ex-‘ ceeding certain Numbers specified in the said Acts : And Whereas 6 the Holder of a Licence to drive and keep a Hackney Coach 4 cannot, under the Authority of such Licence, drive or keep a

*	Hackney Chariot, or the Holder of a Chariot Licence drive or 1 keep a Hackney Coach, under the Authority of the fame: Atid

(<z) [Sedions 1 —13. of 54 G. 3. c, 147. relating to providing, Ticketsy repealed, 55 G. 3. c. 159. $

‘ Whereas

Hosted

477

The Time Licence t o lerve for a Coach or Chariot.

Future Lienee, what to exj-tefs.

Holder of Li-

already or in future to be duly granted by the Commissioners of cence driving Hackney Coaches for the time being, or the major Part of them,{ ™ore. than ^ne todrive a Hackney Coach or Chariot, shall from and after the pafs- ^^Time ^ ing of this Adi use or drive, or cause to be used or driven for Hire under such Licence, more than One Carriage (whether Coach or Chariot), at one and the same time, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs of the Tame refpediively, or any of the Pariffies or Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any other Place or Places within which, by any of the Laws now in force, Hackney Coaches and Chariots are to be driven, he or she shall, upon being thereof convicted on the Oath of One or more credible Witnefsor Witnefles before the major Part of the said Commissioners, forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, in the Difcretion of the major Part of the Penalty, said Commissioners ; One Half of which Forfeiture and Penalty shall go to His Majesty, and the other Half to the Informer, to be levied and recovered as any Penalty may be levied and recovered under any Adi of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the major Part of the said Commissioners to revoke the Licence of the Per foil so offending.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Coachman not Person to require any Hackney Coachman to drive for a stated Sum ^ charge more of Money a Diftance in the Difcretion of such Hackney Coachman ; ^eed for ^ and in case such Coachman shall exceed the Diftance to which such though he* Person was entitled to be driven for such stated Sum of Money, the exceeds the Coachman shall not be entitled to demand more than the Sum for Diftance. which he was so engaged to drive.

A.D. 1817-	57°	GEO.	III.	C. 125.

*	Whereas it would be beneficial both to the Persons keeping such ‘ Carriages and to the Public, and it is therefore expedient, that the 6 present Holders of such Licences, or any Persons to whom Licences

*	may hereafter be granted, should refpediively be allowed to drive 1 and keep Hackney Coaches or Chariots under the fame Licences, c without a Special Licence for each Defcription of Carriage Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and C'onfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, iu this present Parliament afleinbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the passing of this Adi it shall be lawful for any Holder of a Licence already granted, or which may in future be duly granted by the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches, to keep or drive or cause to be driven either a Hackney Coach or a Hackney Chariot, under the Authority of the fame Licence, without being subject to any Penalty by reason thereof; provided that no such Person shall drive or cause to be driven for Hire, at one and the same time, more than One Carriage under One and the fame Licence ; and that in all Licences to be henceforth granted by the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches under the several Adis now in force relative to Hackney Coaches, it shall be exprefted that the fame authorizes the driving or keeping a Hackney Coach or Hackney Chariot, but no more than One Carriage at one and the same time, any thing in any Adi or Adis of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enadied, That if any Holder of a Licence

c a r.

Hosted

473

C. 126.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I817.

52, G. 3. c. 16.

54 G.3. c.42.

CAP. CXXVL

An A61 to repeal an A61, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the Punifhment of Persons deftroy-ing Stocking or Lace Frames, and Articles in such Frames j and to make, until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and twenty, other Provifions in lieu thereof.

[nth July 1817.]

*	W HERE AS an Adi was passed in the Fifty second Year of 4 VV His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the more 4 exemplary Punijhment of Persons dejlroying or injuring any Stock-4 ing or Lace Frames, or other Machines or Engines used in the 4 Framework Knitted Manufactory, or any Articles and Goods in 4 such Frames or Machines; to continue in force until the First Day 4 of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen i And Whereas 4 an Adt palled in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, intituled An Aft to repeal an Aft of the Fifty second Tear 4 of His present Majesty, for the Punijhment of Persons dejlroying 4 Stocking or Lace Frames, or any Articles in such Frames, and to 4 make other Provifions injlead thereof: And Whereas it is expe-4 dient that the said last recited Adt of the Fifty fourth Year afore-4 said should be repealed, and other Provifions made instead thereof d Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aud Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and* by

*	the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adt the said last recited Adt of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid shall be repealed, and the fame is hereby repealed, save and except as to so much of the said last recited Adt as repeals the said recited Adt of the Fifty second Year aforesaid, and also save and except as to any thing done before the palling of this Adt, with respect to which the said Adt shall remain and be in full Force and Effedt as if this Adi had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Adi, if any Person or Persons shall by Day or by Night enter by force into any House, Shop or Place, with an Intent to cut or destroy any Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Articles or Goods, being in the Frame, or upon any Machine or Engine thereto annexed, or therewith to be used or prepared for that Purpose, or with an Intent to break or destroy any Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, Inftrument or Utenfil used in and for the working and making of any such Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Articles or Goods in the Hofiery or Frame-guilty of Felony. WOrk Knitted Manufadlory, or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without having the Confent or Authority of the Owner, destroy or cut, with an Intent to destroy or render ufeless, any Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Articles or Goods, being in the Frame or upon any Machine or Engine as aforesaid, or prepared for that Purpose, or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without having the Confent or Authority of the Owner, break,, destroy or damage, with an Intent to destroy of render ufeless, any Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, Inftrument or Utenfil used in and for the

working

repealed.

Persons forcibly entering House, &c. with Intent to cut, break or destroy, or de-ftroying or cutting, &c. with Intent to destroy or render useless Machinery or Goods therein, to be deemed

Hosted

57° GEO. Ill-

C. 126, 127-

working and making ofanyfuch Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Articles or Goods in the Hofiery or Framework Knitted Stockings, or Framework Lace Manufa&ory ; or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without having the Confent or Authority of the Owner, break or destroy any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills used or any way employed in preparing or spinning of Wool or Cotton, or other Materials, for the Ufe of the Stocking or Lace Manufactory, every Offender being thereof lawfully convitfted shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And be it further enatsted, That this A£t shall continue and be in force until the Fir ft Day of Augujl, which will be in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Adi to fettle the Share of Prize Money, Droits of Admiralty, and Bounty Money payable to Greenwich Hofpital, and for securing to the said Hofpital all unclaimed Shares of VefTels found dereli£t, and of Seizures for Breach of Revenue, Colonial, Navigation and Slave Abolition Laws.

[i ith July 1817.]

6 WTHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether by virtue of the

*	VV several Laws now in force the Per Centage heretofore pay-‘ able to the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich out of all ‘ Prize Money, Droits of Admiralty and Bounty Money, continued c to be payable to the said Inftitution after the Expiration of the

* Hoftilities which existed at the time Provifion was made for the 4 Payment of the said Per Centage ; and it is expedient that further

*	Provifions and Regulations Ihould be made relating thereto Be it therefore ena6ted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That immediately after the palling of this A6t the said Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent shall be and are hereby declared to be entitled to receive the Sum of Five Pounds per Centum, not only upon all Prizes taken by any of His Majefty’s Ships or Veffels up to the Termination of the said Hoftilities, but also upon the Net Proceeds of all Prizes taken and condemned since the Seventeenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and upon all Grants made to the Royal Navy or Marines, and upon all Bounty Monies and Seizures under the Revenue, Colonial, Navigation or Slave Abolition Laws; and also upon all Droits of Admiralty whatsoever, which shall have arisen and become payable, or shall be diftributable to or amongst the Officers and Crews of any of His Majefty’9 Ships or Veflels since the said Seventeenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling 6f this A6I, all and every Prize Agent and Prize Agents already appointed or hereafter to be appointed by virtue of any A£t now in force, or of any Prize A& hereafter to be passed, shall, from and out of the Net Proceeds of all Prizes taken and condemned fince

the

479

Death.

Continuance of A tt.

Greenwich HoC-pital entitled to Five per Cent, on Prizes as herein mentioned ;

and on Grants tO’ Navy or Marines, and on Bounty Money,. Seizures and Droits of Admiralty.

Prise Agents to retain and pay over to the Treal'urer Five per Cent, on the Net

Hosted

480

Proceeds of Pmes, kc.

Receiver of Droits of Admiralty to pay over Five per Cent, on the Proceeds to the Tree,Purer in like manner.

PeTfons f.llely assuming the Barnes or Characters of others entitled to Pay or Prize Money* in order to receive the fame,

C.127.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1817'

the said Seventeenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and from out of the Net Proceeds of all Bounty Bills, and of all Seizures under the Revenue, Colonial, Navigation or Slave Abolition Laws, and of all Monies arising from Dereli&s, and of all Grants wbatfoever which shall respectively have come into their Hands lince the said Seventeenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and are not yet distributed, or shall hereafter come into their Hands, retain for the Ufe of the said Royal Hof-pital, and shall, within Ten Days next after the Account of the said Monies shall have been examined and certified by the Examiner of Naval Prize Accounts, or if there ffiould be no such Officer, then within Ten Days from the Notification of any Diflribution of the said Monies, pay over to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, or to any Person to he appointed by such Treasurer by Writing under his Hand and Seal to receive the fame, for the Ufe of the said Royal Hofpital, the Sum of Five Pounds per Centum on the Net Proceeds of every such Prize, Grant or other Monies ; and such Payment and the Receipt of the said Treasurer or his Deputy, or such Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Difcharge to such Agent or Agents for the fame in his or their Accounts with all Persons entitled to any Share of any such Proceeds.

III.	And be it further enabled, That the Receiver of the Droits of Admiralty for the time being shall and he is hereby authorized and required, as soon after the Net Proceeds arising from any such Droits shall from time to time have been ascertained, after the palling of this A61, and after the Expiration of the Period within which any Appeal can be lodged against: any Adjudication in relation to such Droits, as the fame can be done, deliver in an Account thereof, and pay over to the said Treasurer or his Deputy, or such other Person or Persons as the Treasurer shall by any Writing under his Hand and Seal authorize and appoint to receive the fame, Five Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of such Net Proceeds, for the Ufe of the said Hofpital.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That in order to bring into One A61 the several Provifions made for the Prevention and Puniffiment of the Crimes of Perfonation and Forgery for the Purpofe of obtaining Prize Money, if any Person or Persons shall willingly or knowingly personate or falsely assume, or cause or procure any other Person to personate or falsely assume, the Name or Charadler of any Com-miffioned Officer, Warrant or Petty Officer, or Seaman, or any Commiffioned or Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or any other Person entitled or supposed to be entitled to any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money for or in respect of Services performed or supposed. to have been performed on board of any Ship or Velfel of His Majessy, His Heirs or Succeffors, or the Wife, Widow, Executor or Adminiftrator, Relation or Creditor of any such Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Veffel ot His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors;

11	or

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 127.

481

or shall falsely make, forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, counterfeited or altered, or willingly act or assist in the false making, forging, counterfeiting or altering any Letter of Attorney, Order, Bill, Ticket, Certificate of Service or other Certificate whatsoever, Alignment, last Will or other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive or to enable any other Person to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Veffel of Plis Majessy, His Heirs or SuccefTors, with Intention to defraud any Person or Per-fons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever ; or shall utter or publish as true, or shall aid or assist in uttering or publishing as true, any false, forged, counterfeited or altered Letter of Attorney, Order, Bill, Ticket, Certificate of Service, or other Certificate whatsoever, Affignment, last Will or other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Veffel of His Majessy, His Heirs or SuccefTors, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, knowing the fame to be false, forged, counterfeited or altered ; or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Administration, in order to receive or to enable any other Person to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Veffel of His Majessy, His Heirs or SuccefTors ; or shall demand or receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in refpetft of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board any of His Majefty’s Ships or Veffels, upon or by virtue of any Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration, knowing the Will on which such Probate shall have been obtained to be false, forged and counterfeited, or knowing the Probate of such Will, or such Letters of Adminiftration as last aforesaid, to have been obtained by means of any such false Oath as aforesaid, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, then every such Perfou or Perions so offending, and being thereof convifled according to due Courfe of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

V.	And be it further eu^6led, That when and as the said Per Centage shall hn\re been paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, the fame shall be appropriated to the current Services of the said Royal Hofpital.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich shall be and they are hereby declared to be

57 Geo. III.	I	i	entitled

or counterfeiting Letters of Attorney,^.

or uttering such Letters of Attorney,

or taking a false Oath to obtain Probale of Wills or Letters of Administration, in order to receive Pay or Prize Money,

Death.

The Per Centage appropriated to current Services of Hofpital.

Hofpital entitled to all forfeited

Hosted

4S2

57° GEO. III.

and unclaimed Shares.

Agents for Diltribution of Proceeds, &c. i'uhje61 to Regulations of S 4 G. 3. c.93.

43 G.3. c. 161

48 G.3. c.55.

C. 127,12s.

A.D.1817.

entitled to all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of and in the Proceeds which shall have arisen or shall hereafter arise out of and from all VefTels found derelift by any of His Majefly’s Ships or Veflela, and out of and from all Seizures for Breach of the Revenue, Colonial, Navigation and Slave Abolition Laws, made by any of His Maiefty’s Ships or VefTels, and of and from all Bounties given under the Laws for the Prevention of or relating to the Slave Trade ; and all and every the Agent or Agents for the Payment or Diftribution of all such Proceeds and Bounty or other Monies shall be subject to the fame Regulations, Rules, Penalties and Forfeitures, with respect to the unclaimed and forfeited Shares thereof, and the transmitting of Accounts and Payment of Balances to the said Royal Hofpital as Prize Agents were subject to with respect to the Tranfmifiion of Accounts and Payment of Balances of Prize Money to the said Royal Hofpital under an Aft of Parliament palled in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize Moneys and the Tranf mijfwn of Accounts and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hofpitah

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Aft for extending the Exemptions from the Duties granted by certain Afts of the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, in Dwelling Houfes in Scotland; and for altering the Manner of claiming and afcertain-ing the Exemptions to be granted.	[nth	July	1817.]

4 '1T7HEREAS by an Aft parted in the Forty third Year of the 4 VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for repealing 4 the several Duties under the Management of the Commiffoners for i the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for 4 granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repeal-4 ing the Duties of Excife on Licences, and on Carriages conjlrufted by 4 Goachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Manage-4 ment of the said Commiffoners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new 4 Duties on Persons felling Carriages by Auftion or on Commijjion ; it 4 was amongst other things enacted, that any Person inhabiting a 4 Dwelling House in Scotland, containing not more than Three 4 Windows in the Whole, and under the Annual Rent of Twenty J Shillings, ftiould be exempted from the Duties contained in Sche-^dule (A.) of that Aft, in case such Person should be poor and in-4 digent, and should not be arterted or liable to be assessed to any 4 of the Duties contained in Schedules (B.), (C.), (D.) or (E.) of 4 that Aft: And Whereas the said Duties contained in the said 4 Schedule (A.) of that Aft have been since increased by an Aft 4 passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, 4 intituled An Aft for repealing the Duties of AffeffedTaxes, and grant-4 ing new Duties in lieu thereof and certain additional Duties to be 4 consolidated therewith ; and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on 6 Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof to be 4 placed under the Management of the Commifftoners for the Affairs of ‘ Taxes; and it is expedient to grant Exemptions to Persons re-4 fulent in Scotland, in Houfes having more Windows, and of greater 4 Annual Value, and in a different manner than in the said firfl

4 recited

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 128.

4S3

6 recited Adl is mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, any Person inhabiting a Dwelling House in Scotland, containing not more than Four Windows in the whole, and not exceeding the Rent or Value of Three Pounds Sterling, shall be exempted from the Duties contained in the several Schedules of the said recited Adis respectively marked (A.), or either of the said Adis, in case such Person shall not be alTeffect, nor liable to be a Hested, to any of the Duties contained in the said several Schedules of the said recited Adis, respectively marked (B.), (C.),(D.) or (E.), or any of the said Schedules.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, any Person inhabiting a Dwelling House in Scotland, containing not more than Six Windows in the whole, and not exceeding the Rent or Value of Five Pounds, shall be exempted from the Duties contained in the several Schedules of the said recited Adis respectively marked (A.), or either of the said Adis, in case such Person shall be poor and indigent, and shall not be a Hefted to any of the Duties contained in the said several Schedules of the said recited Adis respectively marked (B.), (C.), (D.) or (E.), or any of the said Schedules; which Exemption shall be proved and claimed in the manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, where any such Dwelling House shall be brought into Charge by virtue of the said recited Adis, and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof shall be entitled to the said Exemption by reason of Poverty as hereinbefore specified, then and in every such case the Person and Persons so entitled to Exemption shall give Notice thereof to the Surveyor of the District, who shall forthwith enter on the Afleflinent the Fadl that such Notice hath been given, and his Opinion whether any of the said Persons, and which of them, are or is entitled to the said Exemption or not; and every such Surveyor shall, before the AfFelTment for the fame Parilh or Place shall be allowed, forthwith certify the fame to any One of the Com-miflioners of Supply of the Diftridl resident in or near the said Parilh or Place where such poor Person or Persons shall reside, who shall forthwith ilfue his Summons to Five, Four or Three substantial Houfeholders of the fame Parilh or Place, to alfemble on a Day and at a Place to be mentioned in the said Summons, to ascertain the Fadl of Poverty entered on the said AlfelTment ; and the said Surveyor and Inhabitants, being so assembled, shall carefully examine the Afleffment of the said Duties for the said Parilh or Place as far as respects the Persons who shall have given such Notices, and ascertain the Fadls entered thereon by such Ways and Means as they shall think necessary, either from their own Knowledge, or from the Information of others who may attend, and who shall be then and there examined touching the Truth of the Allegations made by the Person or Persons so charged ; and after such Examination and Inquiry the said Inhabitants shall by their Certificate under their Hands certify to the Commiftioners of the said Diftridl the Names of the Persons entitled to such Exemption, and every Person returned

I i 2	by

Houfes in Scotland with not more than Four Windows, and not exceeding 3I. Rent, exempted from Duty;

as also Houfes with not more than Six Windows, not exceeding 5I. Rent, if the Inhabitants are indigent, Src.

Notice to be given to the Surveyor, who shall ascertain the Poverty of the Claimant. Proceedings by Surveyor.

Certificate of Inhabitants of Names of Persons entitled to Exemption, Stc.

Hosted

484

C. 128* 129.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181?.

by such Certificate to be entitled to such Exemption shall be exempted accordingly, unless the laid Surveyor shall object to the laid Certificate, in which case the said Commifiioners shall examine the said Surveyor and any other Person or Persons touching the Validity of his Objection, and after such Examination shall confirm or discharge the said Certificate as to such Person or Persons only to whom the Objection of the said Surveyor shall relate : Provided always, that the Name of every Person so exempted, and the Number of Windows and Amount ol Rent or Value of the Houle occupied by such Person, shall remain on the Affeffment without Charge for that Year.

An A61 for veiling in His Majesty a certain Part of the Open Commons and Wafte Lands within the Manor or Royalty of Rialtoti and Retraighe alias Reterth in the Pari Hi ot Saint Columb Major, in the County of Cornwall.

J HEREAS The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, in Right

of Plis Crown, is seized to Himself, His Heirs and Suc-‘ cefiors, of the Manor or Royalty of Rialion and Retraighe alias

<	Reterth in the County of Cornwall, and of certain open Commons

*	and Wafte Lands within and Parcel of the fame Manor, which are ‘ computed to contain Eight hundred and fifty Acres or thereabouts,

*	and are usually called Cajlle Dennis otherwise Cajtle Dinnis other-

*	wife Cajlle an Dennis Down, and of a certain Moor called the

<	Gofs Moor, adjacent thereto ; and Hi6 Majesty, in Right of His ‘ Crown, is also seized of or entitled to certain Meffuages, Farms,

‘ inclosed Lands and Grounds situate within the Parith of Saint

<	Columb Major in the said County of Cornwall, called Trevithick

( and Reterth, and the Leffees or Occupiers of such Farms are en-c titled to Plights of Common upon and over the said Commons, 5 Moor and Wafte Lands:	And	Whereas	Sir	William	Lemon

‘ Baronet, Mary Harris Spinller, Richard Rowe Elquire, John

*	Peter Doctor of Phyfic, Richard Vivian Esquire, William Drew9 ‘ John Henwood and James Hawkin, are the Owners or Pro-c prietors of certain Ancient Meffuages, Cottages, inclosed Lands

<	and Grounds within the said Parifh of Saint Columb Major in the c said County of Cornwall, and as such claim to be entitled to Rights

*	of Common upon and over the said Commons, Moor and Wafte ‘ Lands : And Whereas the said Commons, Moor and Wafte Lands i in their present State yield but little Profit, and are incapable of

4	any confiderable Improvement ; but if the fame were divided, and c a specific Part thereof allotted unto His Majesty, and the Refidue

*	thereof was to be fet out and remain to and for the Ufe and Benefit c of the several other Persons interested therein, and if the Allotment

*	to His Majesty was separated and fet apart from the Remainder of c the said Lands, great Benefit and Advantage would accrue from c such Divifion and Inclofure to His Majesty, as well as to the feveral

5	Perfons having Rights of Common in and over the said Lands ; c but such beneficial Purpofes cannot be effected without the Aid 4 and Authority of ParliamentBe it therefore enabled by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent

CAP. CXXIX.

[nth July 1 817.J

of

Hosted

A.D.1817.	57° GEO. III.	C.	129.

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That John Martyn Bligh of Stone, in the County of Cornwall, and John Hayward of Truro, in the lame County. Surveyors> and their Succeffors to be nominated or appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Commons and Moor, and all the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, and for carrying into Execution the several other Purpofesof this Adi in such manner as is hereinafter provided or mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Commiffioner shall act in the Execution of any of the Powers by this Adi granted (fave and except the Power of signing and giving Notice of the Fird Meeting of the said Commissioners), until he shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath ; which Oath any One of His Majefly’s Juflices of the Peace for the said County of Cornwall may administer ; (that is to fay,)

4 T A. B. do swear [_or, being one of the,People called Quakers, do> 4 solemnly affirm], That I will faithfully, honestly and impartially,

4 according to the bed of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Trulls 4 reposed in me as a Commissioner, by virtue of an Adi passed in the 4 Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the 4 Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Adt~\ ; and that I am 4 neither Proprietor or Occupier of, nor to the bed of my Know-4 ledge am I concerned as Guardian, Steward or Agent for any Pro-4 prietor of Meffuages, Cottages, Houses, Lands or Grounds, or 4 other Person having or claiming any Right of Common, or any 4 Manorial Rights, Tithes or any other Right or Intered whatsoever 4 in, over or upon the Open Commonable Lands and Wade G rounds 4 to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of the said Adi.

4 So help me GQDJ

• III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said John Martyn Bligh, or any Person to be nominated or appointed a Commiffioner in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Adi, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Commiffioner in the Execution of this Adl, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Commif-fioners for the time being of His Majedy’s Woods, Foreds and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month after such Death, Negledl, Refufal or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not intereded in the said intended Diviflon, Allotment and Xnclofure) to be a Commiffioner in the Room or Stead of the said John Martyn Bligh, or of such other Person nominated or appointed in hi3 Room or Stead so dying, negledling, refilling or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any Commiffioner to be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues as aforesaid, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Commiffioner in the Execution of this Adl; and in case the said John Hayward, or any Person to be nominated and appointed a Commiffioner in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Adl, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Adl, then and in every such case the surviving or remaining Commiffioner shall,

I i 3	within

485

Commissioners.

Commissioners' lo he I worn.

Oath.

For appointing new Commif-fioneis from time to time.

Commiffioner?, John Hayward,. &c. dying, surviving Commiffioner how to act,

Hosted

486

C. 129.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I817.

If Commissioners of Woods, icc. or Proprietors of Landsy&c. ne-gle£t to appoint new Cornmit-fioners within a limited time, surviving Com-miffioner to make such Appointment.

within Fourteen Days next after such Death, Negledl, Refufal or Incapacity shall happen to be known to him, summon a Meeting (of which Meeting Twenty one Days’ Notice at the least, and of the Purpofe thereof, shall be given by Advertifement in the Cornwall Gazette Newfpaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newfpaper printed or circulated in the said County of Cornwall,) of all and every the Owners or Proprietors claiming such Rights as aforesaid, to be holden within Thirty Days from the Date of such Notice ; and the major Part in Value of such Owners or Proprietors who shall attend such Meeting in Person, or by their Agents or Proxies duly authorized for that Purpose, such Value, in case of any Difference or Difpute touching the fame, to be ascertained by Reference to the Land Tax Affeffments of the said Parifh, shall and they are hereby required at such Meeting to nominate and appoint, by any Inftrument in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of their Agents or Proxies, some fit and proper Person, not inte-refted in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, to be a Commiffioner in the Room or Stead of the said John Hayward, or of such other Person nominated and appointed in his Room or Stead so dying, negledling, refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any Commiffioner to be nominated and appointed by such Persons having Rights of Common or other Rights as aforesaid, or by their Agents or Proxies, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Commiffioner in the Execution of this Adl; and every Person to be nominated and appointed to act as a Commiffioner in manner as aforesaid shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath herein prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities in every respect for carrying this Adl into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftridlions, as if such Person or Persons had been originally nominated a Commiffioner or Commissioners in and by this Adi.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues, or the said Persons having such Rights of Common or other Rights as aforesaid, or their Agents or Proxies as aforesaid, or either or any of them respectively, shall make Default in nominating and appointing any new Commiffioner so directed to be nominated and appointed by them respectively as aforesaid within the respective times for that Purpofe limited, and in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioner, and he is hereby required from time to time, by Writing under his Hand, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of such respective times so allowed for nominating and appointing such new and succeeding Commissioners as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person, not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, to be a Commiffioner in the Room or Stead of such Commiffioner so dying, negledling, refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid ; and every Commiffioner so nominated and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath herein prescribed in that behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this Adi into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftridlions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commiffioner in and by this Adi.

V. Provided

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 129.

48?

V.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if either of the said Commissioners hereby nominated shall refuse or neglect to attend at the First Meeting appointed to be holden for carrying this Aft into Execution, and duly qualify himself by taking and subscribing the Oath herein prescribed in that behalf, or if either of the said Commissioners shall at any time after the said First Meeting wilfully absent himself from any Three following fuccefiive Meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of this Aft, or having been absent from Two fuccefiive Meetings, shall not attend during the whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meetings being known to him, either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Commissioners, and such Commiflioner not having been prevented by Sicknefs or other reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the other Commifhoner, from attending or continuing at such Meeting or Meetings ; or if any Commiflioner to be nominated and appointed in manner by this Aft directed shall not attend and qualify himself to aft as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners after his Nomination or Appointment, or shall thereafter wilfully absent himself from any Three following fuccefiive Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Aft, or having been absent from Two fuccefiive Meetings, shall not attend during the whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meetings being known by him, either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such Commiflioner not being prevented by Sicknefs or other reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the other Commifhoner, from attending or continuing at such Meetings ; then and in every of such cases such Abfence or Non Attendance shall be deemed and taken to be a Refufal to aft within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Difference or Dif-agreement of Opinion shall arise between the Commissioners for carrying this Aft into Execution, touching or concerning any matter or thing to be done by them, by virtue or in the Execution of this Aft, the said Commissioners from time to time, when and so often as such Difference or Difagreement of Opinion shall arise between them, shall by Writing under their Hands appoint some fit and proper Person, not being interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, nor being the Attorney or Agent of any Person so interested, to be an Umpire between them ; and the matter upon which such Difference or Difagreement of Opinion shall or may arise shall be referred to and shall be fettled and determined by such Umpire, whose Determination shall be made in Writing, and shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties whomsoever ; and for the Purpofes aforesaid, but not for any other Purpose, such Umpire shall have and he is hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as are by this Aft given to or veiled in the said Commissioners ; but no Person shall be capable of acting as such Umpire as aforesaid, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form or to the Effeft following ; (that is to fay,)

Commissioners neglecting to attend Meetings, conlidered as a Refufal to aCt-

Umpire to be appointed.

Umpire not to act before Oath taken.

Hosted

488

C. 129.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.18I7.

Umpire’s Oath.

Com million* rs may administer.

Comm i(li oiiers to appoint a Clerk or Clerks.

Surveyors appointed hy Com-miifioners of Woods.

Duty of such Suiveyois.

Surveyor not to act before Oath.

4 J	do	swear,	That	I	will faithfully,

4 impartially and honestly, according to the bed of my Skill and 4 Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers and Authorities 4 veiled and reposed in me as an Umpire by virtue of an Act palled 4 in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

4 intituled An Ad [here insert the Title of this Ad]y according to 4 Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour or Afsection,

4 Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

4 So help me GODP

Which Oath the said Commissioners or either of them are and is hereby empowered to adminiiler ; and such Oath, and also the Writing appointing an Umpire, shall be annexed to and enrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a Clerk or Clerks to assist them in the Execution of this A61, and shall and may remove such Clerk or Clerks, and appoint another or others in his or their Room or Stead, as often as to them shall seem meet ; and in case of the Death, Incapacity, or declining or negle6ting to act of any such Clerk or Clerks, then and in any of such cases the said Commissioners shall and may appoint any other Person or Persons they may think proper to be their Clerk or Clerks,

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Adi, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons, not in-terefled in the said Division, to be the Surveyor or Surveyors, for the Purpofe of viewing, surveying and measuring the said Commons and Moor, and all the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby dire6ted to be divided, allotted and inclosed ; and such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby accordingly authorized and dire6ted, as soon as conveniently may be after he or they shall be so nominated and appointed, to view, survey and measure the fame Lands or Grounds, and to describe and lay down the fame by way of Map or Plan, or to use for that Purpofe any Map or Plan or Maps or Plans already made, and thereon, or in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto, shall be fet forth the Number of Statute Acres and Decimal Parts of an Acre of all the Lands and Grounds so authorized and directed to be surveyed as afore said ; and that when and so soon as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall have finished and completed the said Survey, Map or Plan, he or they shall, by Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, apprize the said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a time and Place for a Meeting with them, of which Meeting Fourteen Days’ previous Notice at the lead shall be given to the said Commissioners ; at which Meeting the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall deliver unto the said Commissioners his or their Survey, Plan and Book of Reference, and shall subscribe the fame with his or their Name or Names in the Prefence of the said Commissioners, who shall attefl the fame.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Surveyor in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby given, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following ; (that is to fay,)

4 I A.B.

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 129.

489

Commissioners may administer.

For appointing new Surveyors from time to

* T A.B. do swear [[or, being one of the Persons called Quakers, do Form of Sur-4 solemnly affirm], That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, veyor s 0ath* 4 according to the belt of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several 4 Powers and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as a Surveyor by 4 virtue of an Adl palled in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of 4 King George the Third, intituled An Aft [here insert the Title of 4 this Aft], without Favour or Afsection, Prejudice or Partiality, to 4 any Perlon or Persons whomsoever.	So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation it ffiall be lawful for the said Commissioners or either of them to adminiiler ; and the said Oath when so taken ffiall be written on Parchment, and subscribed by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and duly attested by the said Commissioners under their Hands, and ffiall be enrolled with the Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

X.	And be it further enacted, That in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors so to be appointed as aforesaid, or any succeeding Surveyor or Surveyors to be nominated or appointed a Surveyor or Surveyors in his or their Room or Stead by virtue of this Adt, ffiall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Surveyor in the Execution of this Adl, then and in every such case it ffiall be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within Twenty eight Days after such Death, Negledl, Re-fufal or Incapacity as aforesaid ffiall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person, not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any Surveyor so dying, negledling, refufmg or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any Surveyor to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Adl ffiall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Surveyor in the Execution of this Adl ; and every Person to be nominated and appointed to act as a Surveyor in manner aforesaid, ffiall, after taking and fubferibing the Oath herein pre-fcribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities in every respect for carrying this Adl into Execution, and ffiall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftridlions, as if such Person or Persons had been originally nominated a Surveyor or Surveyors in and by this Adl.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues ffiall make Default in nominating and appointing any Surveyor or Surveyors so directed to be nominated and appointed by them as aforesaid, within the time for that Purpofe limited, and in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case it ffiall be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Adl, and they are hereby required from time to time by Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of the time so allowed for nominating and appointing any new and succeeding Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a proper Person, not intereiled in the said Divifion and Inclosure, to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any such Surveyor so dying, refilling or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid ; and every Surveyor so nominated and appointed ffiall, after taking and fubferibing the Oath prefenbed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities,

and

If Comrmflioiiers of Woods make Default in appointing a Surveyor, then Commissioners for executing this Adt shall appoint.

Hosted

4!)0

C. 129.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Commiflioners’ Award to l>e made within Two Years from Survey.

Allowance to Commissioners, Clerks and Surveyors.

Proprietors and Attorntes to pay their own Expences.

Proxy.

Time and Place of First and other Meetings of Commissioners.

Notice to be given.

Provifo in case of only One or no Commiflioner attending.

and shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions, as if he had been originally appointed a Surveyor under and by virtue of this Aft.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That after the said Surveyor shall have made and delivered his Survey of the said Open Commonable Lands, Moor and Wafte Ground, to the said Commissioners, in manner herein directed, the said Commissioners shall proceed in the Execution of this A61 with all possible Difpatch, and make their Award within Two Years after they shall have received the said Survey from the said Surveyor, unless the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forells and Land Revenues for the time being, shall by any Writing under their Hands think iit to extend or enlarge the time for making the fame, in which case such Award shall be made within such extended or enlarged time or times.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be paid the Sum of Three Guineas each, and no more, for each Day they shall be actually attending in and about the Execution of this A61, and in travelling to and from the Meetings necessary for that Purpose, the fame to include and be in Satisfaftion of all Cofts and Expences in travelling and otherwise, which they shall be put to in executing the fame ; and that the Surveyors and the Clerk or Clerks shall be paid and allowed for their Pains and Trouble such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think just and reasonable ; and that every Proprietor, Attorney and Agent, who shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Aft, shall pay his own Expences at all such Meetings ; and in such cases as the Objeftion or Approbation of the Proprietors of any Aft, matter or thing to be done or pro-pofed to be done in pursuance of this Aft, is directed to be made and testified at any Meeting or Meetings, it shall be lawful for the Proprietors to attend such Meeting or Meetings by their respective Agents or Proxies, duly authorized by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, whole Afts or Votes shall be as effectual as if such Proprietors were present in Person.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the Commissioners for putting this Aft into Execution shall be held at the House known by the Sign of The Red Lion in the Town of Saint Columb in the County of Cornwall aforesaid, or at some other convenient House or Place in the Town aforesaid, within Two Calendar Months after the pafling of this Aft, or as soon after as Cir-cumftances will admit ; and that the said Commissioners shall cause Notice in Writing to be affixed upon each of the principal outer Doors of the Church of the said Parifh of Saint Columb Major, and also a like Notice to be given by Advertifement to be inserted in the Cornwall Gazette Newfpaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newfpaper usually circulated in the said County of Cornwall, of the time and Place of their First and every future Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) for the Execution of the Powers hereby veiled in them. Fourteen Days at least before the times appointed for such respective Meetings ; and in case only One of the said Commissioners shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for the said Commifhoner, and to and for the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, in case neither of the

7	faid

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 129.

491

Taking Turf, &c. away of Lands inclosed.

said Commifiioners shall attend, to adjourn the said Meeting to be holden on any future Day not exceeding Twenty one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the fame or some other convenient Place within Eight Miles of the said Parifh ; and the CommilTioner or Clerk or Clerks making such Adjournment is and are hereby required to give timely Notice thereof to the absent Commiflioner or Commifiioners.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That all other public Notices Other Notices, requisite or necelfary to be given by the said Commifiioners, shall how to be give*, be given by Advertisement to be inserted in the said Cornwall Gazette Newfpaper, if then publifiled, and if not, then in some other Newf-

paper usually circulated in the said County of Cornwall.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons fiiall, after the pafiing of this Aft, dig, cut or take away any of the Turf, Bufhes, Underwood or Soil of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Aft, for any Ufe or Purpofe whatsoever, under any Right, Privilege or Claim, or Pretence of Right, Privilege or Claim whatsoever, then and in every such case, on due Proof made before the said Commifiioners on Oath,

(which Oath the said Commifiioners are hereby empowered to ad-minister,) the said Commifiioners fiiall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Pounds to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods Penalty, and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels fiiall be so distrained and fold, after dedufting the Cofts and Charges attending such Diftrefs and Sale ; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid fhallbe applied towards the Payment of the Cofts, Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That all Intakes or Encroachments made on the said Commons, Moor or Wafte Lands, and which have been made within the Space of Thirty Years now last past, and for which no Licence or Grant fiiall have been obtained from the Crown, shall be deemed and considered Part and Parcel of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Aft, as if the fame were actually lying open and uninclosed.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commifiioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, before they pro- empowered ceed to make any Divifion or Allotment directed by this Aft, to fet fet out new and out and appoint any new and additional public Roads or Highways, additional Roads or any newTrafts or Ways for such public Roads or Highways, in and over the said Commons, Moor or Wafte Lands, and to make such Order or Orders as to them fiiall seem proper in relation thereto, subject to the Reftriftions, Provifions and Direftions of this Aft ; and that the said Commifiioners fiiall and may turn or abate and stop up, or cause or order to be turned, or abated and flopped up, any ancient Carriage Road or Way, Roads or Ways, or any ancient Footway or Path, Footways or Paths, in, through, upon or over any of the Lands and Grounds hereby authorized and directed to be divided and inclosed, where they shall judge it requisite or expedient, and to make such Order or Orders as to them shall seem proper for that Purpose, subject nevertheiefs to the Provisions, Reftriftions

Certain Encroachments to be allottable.

Commissioners

and to turn and stop Roads, &c.

Hosted

C. 1*2.9.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.lSlf.

Provifo as to Con Tent of Trustees of Roads.

Provifo for keeping up private Roads.

Allotments for Repairs of I v.Odd S.

Allotment to the King.

ftridtions and Directions of this Aft: Provided always, that no Turnpike Road shall be altered or diverted without the Confent of the Trustees having the Care and Management thereof, or any Five or more of them, at a public Meeting of fnch Trustees, to be convened by due Notice and held for that Purpose, nor any public Highway or Road be shut up or discontinued, until the Road or Roads so marked out as intended to be and remain public Highways shall be fet out and made, according to the Directions of this ACt, and until the fame shall be properly formed and made convenient and safe for Horfes, Cattle and Carriages : Provided also, that' all private Roads, Ways and Footpaths which shall be fet out and appointed by the said Commissioners, shall be made and for ever maintained and kept in Repair by such Person or Persons, and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall by their Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, order, direct or appoint.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, after setting out such public Roads and Highways as by this Aft are dirested, to fet out and allot unto and for the Formation and Repairs of the Highways made or to be made within the Limits of the said Commons, Moor or Wafte Lands, so much and such Part and Parts of the Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the fame, and in such Places, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, for getting Stone, Gravel or other Materials for the Formation or for the Repairs from time to time for ever, of the public and private Roads and Highways made or to be made within the Limits of the said Commons, Moor or Wafte Lands, and the Grafs and Herbage arising therefrom shall be vested in such Person as the said Commissioners shall allot the fame unto ; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby also authorized and required to fet out Watering Places on the said Lands and Grounds hereby direCted to be divided, allotted and inclosed, for Cattle and Beafts, for the common Ufe and Benefit of all Persons who are or shall be entitled to Rights of Common in or over the said Lands or Grounds.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, after making and setting out the several Allotments hereinbefore mentioned, to divide, fet out and allot one full Moiety or Half Part of all the Reft, Re-fidue and Remainder of the said Commons, Moor and other Commonable Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, due Regard being had to the Quality and Situation thereof, unto The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, in lieu and compensation as well of His Majesty's Right of Soil as Lord of the said Manor or Royalty, as also in lieu and compensation of and for the Rights of Common and other Rights of His Majesty's Tenants, Leflees or Occupiers of the said Meffuages, Farms, inclosed Lands and Grounds called Trevithick and Reterth, upon and over the other Moiety of the said Commons, Moor and Wafte Lands ; and which Allotment, as soon as the fame shall be made and fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto, shall become and remain the excluflve and absolute Property of The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs for ever, freed, exonerated and discharged of and from all Rights of Common, Common of Pafture and Turbary, Eftovers and all other Rights of what Nature or Kind soever.

XXL And

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 129.

493

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That all the Heft, Refidue and Allotment of the Remainder of the said Commons, Moor and other Commonable ReWue’

Lands, shall be and remain for the Benefit of the several other

Owners or Proprietors of ancient MefTuages, Cottages, inclosed Lands and Grounds, entitled to Rights of Common in, over and upon the laid Commons, Moor and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, according to their several and respective Rights and Interefts therein, freed and discharged from all Claims of His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, as Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Royalty, or as Proprietor or Proprietors of the said MefTuages,

Farms, inclosed Lands and Grounds called Trevithick and Reterth, and ol His Majesty's LeiTees or Tenants as Occupiers of the said Farms or either of them, in, upon or over the fame, lave such Rights and Interefts as are hereinafter expressly excepted and reserved to His Majelty, His Heirs and SuccefTors.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commiflloners Commiflloners shall and they are hereby required to fet out such and so many pri- to let out private vate Roads and Ways as shall be necessary for giving convenient Ac- Roads to His eels to such Allotment as shall be so as aforesaid made to or for MaJeft>,’s AI,ot-His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That when and as soon ns Three Originals the said Commiflloners shall have let out the Allotment hereinbefore of Award; One directed to be made and fet out to His said Majesty, His Heirs and t0 be enrollec* in Succeffors, they shall prepare an Award, with a Map or Plan of Qne^nVhe Of* such Allotment annexed thereto, whereof there shall be Three Ori- fice of the Au-ginals, One to be enrolled in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, ditor of the another in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the Revenue, said County of Cornwall, there to remain on Record, and which

shall alterwards be filed and preserved amongst the Muniments of the Office of the Commiflloners of His Majesty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, and the said Award or the Enrolment thereof shall or may be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occafions where any Queftion, Doubt or Con-troverfy may arise relating to or affecting the Rights and Interefts of His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, in respect of the Allotment to be veiled in the King's Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, by . , T). , virtue of this Aft; and the Third of the said Awards shall be de- deposited with poilted with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Corn- Clerk of the wall.	Peace.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Provii'ofor this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to preju- Tithes, dice, lessen or defeat the Right, Title or Intereft of any Person or Parlous whomloever in or to any Tithes, Great or Small, arifing

or renewing out of or payable for or in respect of any of the Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments hereby directed to be divided, allotted or inclosed, but that all such Great and Small Tithes shall be paid and payable at all times hereafter in such and the same manner as they would have been in case this Aft had not been palled.

XXV.	And be it further ena6led, That the several outermost or How Fences to Ring Fences of the said Moiety so to be allotted to His Majesty, the King’s Al-His Heirs and SuccefTors as aforesaid, of the said Commons, Moor ktmentmade, and other Open and Commonable Lands or Grounds, shall be made

in such manner as the said Commiflloners shall direct and appoint; and such outermost or Ring Fences shall be raised and made, and for

ever

Hosted

494

C. 129.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

The King’s A1 -lotment held treed of Claims of Leflees as herein mentioned.

Remedy for LefTees aggrieved.

Expences of this

a a.

Provifo for His Majesty's Right to Mines,

ever thereafter maintained, supported, and kept in Repair, in such Parts and Proportions and in such manner and by such Persons as the said Commillioners shall by their Award diredf and appoint.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Allotment to be made to His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflors, of the said Commons, Moor and other Open and Commonable Lands, by virtue of this A 61, shall be allotted to and held by His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeftors, freed and discharged from all Right or Claim of any Leflee or Leflees, to, in or upon the said Allotment, or any Part thereof, to be derived under or by virtue of any Leafe or Leafes of the said Manor or Royalty, or of th£ said Mefluages, Farms, inclosed Lands and Grounds called Trevithick and Reierth ; and in case any such Leflee or Leflees shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved thereby, and the Commillioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and such Leflee or Leflees, shall not fettle the fame to their mutual Satisfaction, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commifiioners for carrying this A6t into Execution, on Application made to them by either Party, to take the matters in Queftion into their Con-iideration, and by their Orders to make unto such Leflee or Leflees, for his, her and their Lot's of Commonage or other Lofles by means of the said Diviflon, Allotment and Inclosure, such a fair and adequate Allowance and Compenfation, either in Money to be paid down, or by way of Abatement or Reduction in the Rack Rents by such Leafe or Leafes reserved, or otherwise, as the said last mentioned Commillioners shall think just and equitable.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Cofts, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the palling of this A6t, and of carrying the fame into Execution, shall be paid, borne and defrayed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflors; lave only and except that the Charges and Expences of the said John Hayward, and of every other Commiflioner to be nominated and appointed in his Stead by the several other Persons having Rights of Common upon and over the said Commons, Moor and other Open and Commonable Lands, shall be paid, borne and defrayed by the Persons having such Rights of Common.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this A61 shall not defeat or prejudice the Right or Intereft of The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflors, in or to any Mines of Coal, Lead, Tin, Ores or any other Minerals or Foflils whatfo-ever, in or under the Commons, Moor or Open and Commonable Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof; but that His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors, and his or their Leflees and Grantees, Agents, Servants and Workmen, may search for, work, dig, raise and carry away all Coal, Lead, Tin, Ores, Metals and all other Minerals and Foflils whatsoever, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever as if this A6t had not been passed ; save only that they shall respectively do as little Damage as possible in the Lands to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, and shall make reasonable Satisfa&ion and Recompence from time to time to the Person or Persons possessed thereof, for all Damage that shall be done thereto, or to any Part thereof, by searching for, working, digging, raising and carrying

away

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

4.95

C. 129, 130.

away the„faid Coal, Lead, Tin, Ores, Metals and all other Minerals, Foflils or any of them.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice, lessen or defeat the Right, Title or Intereft of The King's Mod Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, as Lord or Lords of the Manor of Rialton and Retraighe alias Reterth aforesaid, of, in or to any other Seigniories, Royalties, Manorial Rights, and other Rights, Cuftoms and Services incident or belonging to fiich Manor, but that he or they shall and may at all times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and all Rents and Services, Courts, Perquifites and Profits of Courts, Fines, Franchises, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Efcheats and all other Royalties, Privileges, Pre-eminences, and Appurtenances to such Manor incident, belonging or appertaining, (except only such Rights for which Compenfation is hereby directed to be made,) in as full, ample and beneficial manner as he or they could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in case this A6T had not been made.

XXX.	Saving always to The King's Mold Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their SuccefTors, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, his and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interect, Claim and Demand whatsoever, (other than and except such as is and are hereby expressed, meant and intended to be barred, destroyed or extin-guished,) as they, every or any of them had or enjoyed in, to or out of the said Commons, Moor, Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, before the palling of this A 61, or would have had and enjoyed therein in case this A6t had not been passed.

CAP. CXXX.

An A61 to encourage the Eftablifhment of Banks for Savings

in England.	[l2th July	1817.]

4 TTTHE REAS certain Provident Inftitutions or Banks for Sav-4 VV ings have been established in England, for the safe Cuftody 4 and Increafe of small Savings belonging to the industrious Clafles 4 of His Majesty's Subjefts ; and it is expedient to give Protedtion 4 to such Inftitutions and the Funds thereby established, and to afford 4 Encouragement to others to form the like Inftitutions 1* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enabled, and be it en-a&ed by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Number of Persons who have formed or shall form any Society in any Part of Englandr, for the Purpofe of eftablilhing and maintaining any Inftitution in the Nature of a Bank, to receive Depofits of Money for the Benefit of the Persons de-pofiting the fame, and to accumulate the Produce of so much thereof as shall not be required by the Depofitors, their Executors or Adminiftrators, to be paid in the Nature of Compound Interect, and to return the whole or any Part of such Depofit and the Produce thereof to the Depofitors, their Executors or Adminiftrators, deducing only out of such Produce so much as shall be required to be

and for the King as Lord of the Manor of Rialton.

General Saving.

Persons forming Societies according to the Pro-vifions herein -preferibed, entitled to the Benefit of this

a a.

Hosted

C. 130.

57° GEO. III.

Rules, &c. of the Inftitution to lie entered in a Book, and a Copy deposited with the Clerk of the Peace,

and filed.

No Fee.

Provifo for Aiterations, &c. in Rules, &c.

New Rules, &c. to be entered, &c. as before mentioned.

Officers of the Inftitution not to have any Benefit therein.

luception.

A.D.

181.7.

so retained for the Purpofe of paying and discharging the necessary Expences attending the Management of such Inftitution, according to such Rules, Orders and Regulations as shall have been or shall be established for that Purpose, but deriving no Benefit whatsoever from any such Depofit or the Produce thereof, shall be deiirous of having the Benefit of the Provifions of this A(ft, such Persons shall cause the Rules, Orders and Regulations established or to be established for the Management of such Inftitution to be entered, deposited and filed in manner hereinafter directed, and thereupon shall be deemed to be entitled to and shall have the Benefit of the Provifions contained in this Adi.

II. Provided always, and be it further euacted, That no such Inftitution as aforesaid shall have the Benefit of this Adi, unless the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Management thereof shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by an Officer of such Inftitution, to be appointed for that Purpose, and which Book or Books shall be open at all seasonable times for the Infpedtion of the Persons making Depofits in the Funds of such Inftitution ; and unless such Rules, Orders and Regulations shall be fairly transcribed on Parchment, and such Tranfcript shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place wherein such Inftitution shall be established ; which Tranfcript shall be filed by such Clerk of the Peace with the Rolls of the Seffions of the Peace in his Cuftody, without any Fee or Reward to be paid in respect thereof; but nevertheless nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any Alteration in or Amendment of any such Rules, Orders or Regulations so entered and deposited and filed as aforesaid, or repealing or annulling the fame, or any of them, in the Whole or in Part, or making any new Rules, Orders or Regulations for the Management of any such Inftitution, in such manner as by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Inftitution shall from time to time be provided ; but such new Rules, Orders or Regulations, or such Alterations in or Amendments of former Rules, Orders or Regulations, or any Order annulling or repealing any former Rule, Order or Regulation in the Whole or in Part, shall not be in force until th^ fame refpe<5lively shall be entered in such Book or Books as aforesaid, and a Tranfcript or Tranfcripts thereof shall be deposited with such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, who shall file the fame without Fee or Reward as aforesaid.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enabled, That no such institution as aforesaid shall have the Benefit of this A£l, unless it shall be expressly provided by the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Management thereof, that no Person or Persons being Treasurer, Truftee or Manager of such Inftitution, or having any Control in the Management thereof, shall derive any Benefit from any Depofit made in such Inftitution, but that the Persons depositing Money therein shall have the foie Benefit of such Depofits and the Produce thereof; save only and except such Salaries and Allowances or other necessary Expences as shall, according to such Rules, Orders and Regulations be provided for the Charges of managing such Inftitution, and for Remuneration to Officers employed in the Management thereof, exclusive of the Treasurer or Treafurers, Truftee or Trustees, or other Persons having Dire&ion in the Management of such Inftitution, who shall not directly or indire&ly

have

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 130.

497

have any Salary, Allowance, Profit or Benefit whatsoever therefrom, beyond their actual Expences for the Purpofes of such Inftitution.

JV. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Orders and Re- Rules to be gulations from time to time made and in force for the Management binding, of any such Inftitution as aforesaid, and duly entered in such Book or Books as aforesaid, and deposited with such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be binding on the Several Members and Officers of such Inftitution, and the several Depolitors therein and their Representatives, all of whom Shall be deemed and taken to have full Notice thereof by such Entry and Depofit as aforesaid; and the Entry of Rules, Entry of such Rules, Orders and Regulations in such Book or &c. or Copy Books as aforesaid, or the Tranfcript thereof deposited with such thereof, &c. to Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, or a true Copy of such Tranf-	R^les6

cript examined with the Original, and proved to be a true Copy, shall be received as Evidence of such Rules, Orders and Regulations respectively in all cases ; and no Certiorari shall be brought or allow- No Certiorari, ed to remove any such Rules, Orders or Regulations into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record ; and every Copy of any such Tranfcript deposited with any Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid shall be made without Fee or Reward, except the actual Expence of Fee< making such Copy ; and such Copy shall not be subject to any No Sta Du(.y Stamp Duty.

V.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Managers of any SharesofMinors such Inftitution shall receive any Depofit of Money from or for the may be paid to Benefit of any Person under the Age of Twenty one Years, it shall them.

be lawful for the Managers of such Inftitution to pay to such Person his or her Share and Intereft in the Funds of such Inftitution ; and the Receipt of such Person shall be a sufficient Difcharge, not-withftanding his or her Incapacity or Difability in Law to act for him or herself.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Friendly Socie-Friendly Society, established under and by virtue of any Adt or ties may fub-Adts relating to Friendly Societies, from time to time to subscribe lcnbe any Por-the Whole or any Part of the Funds of such Friendly Society, as p^^j^othe they, shall from time to time direct, through their Treasurer, Steward punfisof Provi-or other Officer or Officers, into the Funds of any Inftitution which dent Iniiituticms. shall take the Benefit of this Adf, and which shall be willing to receive

the fame, under such Terms and Conditions as shall be specially provided for that Purpofe by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Inftitution : Provided always, that the Receipt or Difcharge of pr0vifo as to the Treasurer or other Officer of such Friendly Society for the time Receipt of being, for any Money, Stock in the Public Funds or other Secu- Treasurer being rity, paid, transferred or delivered according to the Requifition of a D|khnrge. such Treasurer or other Officer, apparently authorized to require such Payment, Transferor Delivery, shall be a sufficient Difcharge for the fame ; and the Inftitution in which such Depofit shall be made shall not be responsible for any Mifapplication of any such Money, Stock or Security by the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be so paid, transferred or delivered, or for any Want of Authority of the Person or Persons requiring or receiving such Payment, Transfer or Delivery.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer or Trea- Treafurers,&c. furers, or other Officer or Officers, or other Person whatever, who to give Security shall be intruded with the Receipt or Cuftody of any Sum or Sums asreqiured by the of Money subscribed or deposited for the Purpofes of'fuch Inftitu- eliera Rti es.

57 Geo. III.	K	k	tion,

Hosted

498

C. 130.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Effc-dU of Infti-tution to be veiled in Truftecs for the time being, without frelh Aflign-ment;

except as to Transfers of Stock in the Public Funds.

Trufcees may-brine and defend A6tions, &c.

No Abatement by Death or Removal of Truftee.

Coils.

tion, or any Intereil or Dividend from time to time accruing thereby, shall be required by the Rules or Regulations of such Inilitution to become bound with Sureties for the just and faithful Execution of such Office or Trust, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be required by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Inilitution, such Security ffiall and may be given by Bond or Bonds to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place, or to the Town Clerk of the Place where such Inilitution ffiall be eftabliffied for the time being, without Fee or Reward; and in case of Forfeiture it ffiall be lawful for the Persons authorized for that Purpofe by the Rules, Regulations and Orders of such Inilitution, to fueupon such Bond or Bonds in the Name of such Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk for the time being, and to carry on such Suit at the Colts and Charges and for the Ufe of the said Inilitution, fully indemnifying and saving harmless such Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk from all Colls and Charges in respect of such Suit; and no Bond or other Security to be so given ffiall be subject to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies, Goods, Chattels and EfFedts whatever, and all Securities for Money, or other obligatory Inftruments and Evidences or Muniments, and all other Effedts whatever, and all Rights or Claims belonging to or had by such Inilitution, ffiall be veiled in the Truftee or Trustees of such Inilitution for the time being, for the Ufe and Benefit of such Infti-tution and the respective Depofitors therein, their respective Executors or Adminiftrators, according to their Refpedlive Claims and Interests, and, after the Death or Removal of any Truftee or Trustees, ffiall veil in the succeeding Truftee or Trustees for the fame Eftate and Intereil as the former Truftee or Trustees had therein, and subject to the fame Trulls, without any Affignment or Conveyance whatever, except the Transfer of Stocks and Securities in the Public Funds of Great Britain; and also ffiall for all Pur-pofes of Adlion or Suit, as well Criminal as Civil, in Law or in Equity, in anywise touching or concerning the fame, be deemed and taken to be, and ffiall in every such Proceeding (where necelfary) be Hated to be, the Property of J:he Person or Persons appointed to the Office of Truftee or Trustees of such Inilitution for the time being, in his, her or their proper Name or Names, without further Defcription ; and such Person or Persons ffiall and they are hereby respectively authorized to bring or defend, or cause to be brought or defended, any Adlion, Suit or Profecution, Criminal as well as Civil, in Law or Equity, touching or concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforesaid of or belonging to or had~by such Inilitution ; and such Person or Persons so appointed ffiall and may, in all cases concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforesaid of such Inilitution, sue and be sued, plead and be impleacted, in his, her or their proper Name or Names, as Truftee or Trustees of such Inilitution, without other Defcription ; and no such Suit, Adlion or Profecution ffiall be difeontinued or abate by the Death of such Person or Persons, or his or their Removal from the Office of Truftee or Trustees as aforesaid, but the fame ffiall and may be proceeded in by the succeeding Truftee or Trustees in the proper Name or Names of the Person or Persons commencing the fame, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding ; and such succeeding Truftee or Trustees ffiall pay or receive like Cofts as if the Adlion or Suit had been commenced in 3	his

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

c.iso:

4 99

Trustees not to deposit Money of Jnftifution with Bankers,

the Banks for Savings.’

his or their Name or Names, For the Benefit of or to be reimbursed from the Funds of such Inftitution.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to and for the Truftee or Trustees, Manager or Managers for the time being of any such Inftitution as aforesaid, taking the Benefit of this A6t, at any time to place or deposit any Sum of Money which shall have &c been paid to such Inftitution by any Depofitor, or any Intereft or Profit arising therefrom, in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, or

upon any Perfonal Security, except such Sums of Money as from Exception, time to time shall necessarily remain in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treafurers of such Inftitution to answer the Exigencies thereof.

X.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That the Trustees of any In what case Inftitution which shall take the Benefit of this A (ft in manner herein- Bank of England before provided, shall be and they are hereby empowered to pay

into the Bank of England any Sum or Sums of Money, not being ( The Fun{J for less than Fifty Pounds, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, upon the Declaration of the Trustees of such Inftitution, or any Two or more of them, that such Monies belong exclusively to the Inftitution for which such Payment is intended to be made, whether such Monies shall have been depo-fited therein before the palling of this A<ft, or thereafter shall be de-pofited therein ; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England arc hereby required to receive all such Monies, and to place the fame into a new and separate Account, to be raised in the Names of the said Commissioners for the time being, in the Books of the Bank of England, to be denominated “ The Fund for the Banks for Savings.”

XI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That previous to any Previous to such Payment being made into the Bank of England as aforesaid, the Payments into Person or Persons applying for that Purpofe shall in all cases produce jhe Bank, an

to the Officer of the said Commissioners, at their Office in London, duced^ andthere-an Order according to the Form in the Schedule to this A<ft an- Up0n a Certifi-nexed, marked (A.), under the Hands of Two of the Trustees of cate granted;

~	’	'	’	'	’	"	*	afterwards the

Commissioners to issue Debentures in favour of such Saving Banks, bearing

such Inftitution on the account of which such Payment is to be made ; and on the Produ<ftion of such Order to the said Officer, he shall grant his Certificate in the Form expressed in the Schedule to this A<ft annexed, marked (B.) ; and upon the Delivery of the Certificate granted to the Party by the said Officer, and Payment of the Sum expressed therein at the Bank of England to the Account Intereftat3d.per

r	r -1 ^ r • rr*	.1	r	<	, ^ rr-	P,	,	,	•	,	,	Pont.

of the said Commissioners, the said Officer shall and he is hereby re- Cent, per Diem, quired to make out, within Five Days after he shall have received Notice of such Payment, for Delivery to such Person or Persons producing the Order of the said Trustees, a Debenture containing a Receipt, signed by one of the Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Amount of such Payment, carrying Intereft after the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem, payable, with the Principal, at the Bank of England, on the Fifth Day of April then next following, to be dated on the Day on which such Payment or Payments shall be made; which said Form of Debeti-Debenture shall be in the Form specified in the Schedule to this Uire*

A61 annexed, marked (C.) ; and the Principal and Intereft of till such Debentures shall be charged and chargeable upon, and they are hereby charged and made payable out of, the Monies or Funds {landing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Bank of England.

K k 2	XII.	And

Hosted by

Googk

C.130.

57" GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Trustees may demand Payment of Principal and Intereft iecured by Debenture.

Previous to such Payment, an Order to be produced, and thereupon Certificate granted.

New Debentures may be granted.^

Monies paid in on Saving Bank Account to be invested in Stock, and carried to a new Account.

Debentures not transfen able.

Debentures, Scc. not liable to Stamp Duty, and

XII.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of any such Inftitution, or any Two or more of them, to demand Payment, at any time other than on the Fifth Day of April in every Year, of the said Cafhier or Caffiiers, of the Principal Sum specified in any Debenture or Debentures issued in pursuance of the Provifions of this Ad, together with all the Intereft due thereon, computing such Intereft from the Day of the Date of the Debenture, inclusive, up to and including the Five Days following the Date of the Order of the said Trustees demanding such Payment.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That previous to the Payment of the Principal of any such Debenture or Debentures, together with the Intereft due thereon as aforesaid, the Per-fon or Persons applying to receive the fame shall in all cases produce to the Officer of the said Commissioners, at their said Office, an Order indorsed on the Back thereof under the Hands of Two Trustees of the Inftitution for which such Payment shall be demanded, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (D.) ; and the said Officer shall and he is hereby required, within Five Days after the Receipt of such Order, to grant his Certificate to the Person or Persons applying, in the Form specified in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (E.); and upon the Produdion and Delivery at the Bank of England of such Certificate, the said Cafhier or Cafhiers shall thereupon pay such Principal and Intereft out of any Monies Handing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Bank of England, or from the Sale of Stock purchased with the Monies originally invested in any Debenture or Debentures as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall direct: Provided nevertheless, that if at any time the said Trustees shall require a new Debenture or Debentures in lieu of the Debenture or Debentures to be paid off, with or without the Intereft to be added thereto (the fame being so expressed in the said Order of the said Trustees), it shall be lawful for the Officer of the said Commissioners to make out and deliver, to the Person or Persons applying to receive the fame, a Debenture or Debentures of the like Amount, in lieu of paying the Amount of such original Debenture (with or without the Intereft to be added thereto) in Money.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause all the Monies paid into the Bank of England and placed to their Account in pursuance of the Provifions of this Ad, to be invested from time to time in the Purchafe of Bank Annuities in their Names, and to be carried to the new and separate Account hereinbefore provided; and the Intereft which shall arise from time to time and become due thereon shall in like manner be invested in the Purchafe of Bank Annuites as aforesaid.

XV.	And be it enacted, That the Debenture or Debentures issued under the Provifions of this Ad shall not be transferrable or assignable, but shall remain and continue to be the actual Property of the Trustees of the Inftitution on the account of which every such Debenture or Debentures was or were originally issued, until the fame shall be actually paid off.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That no Debenture or Debentures, nor any Order or Orders required from the Trustees of any such Inftitution, issued or produced in pursuance of this Ad, fhall

be

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. ISO.

501

be fubje6l or liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; and that if any Debenture or Debentures issued under the Provisions of this A61 shall be loft or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon satisfactory Evidence being produced by the Party, and good and sufficient Security given to the said Commissioners, to dire6t the said Officer to grant a Duplicate Debenture to the Party applying, under the fame Regulations as by this A£t are required for the Iflue of an original Debenture.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Order or Declaration produced to the said Officer, for the Purpofe of paying Monies into the Bank of England to the Account of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall contain any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, then and in every such case the Sum so paid shall be forfeited to the said Commissioners.

XVIII.	And be it further ena£ted, That the following Account shall be prepared by the said Commissioners for the Redu6tion of the National Debt, and shall be annually laid before both Houfes of Parliament on or before the Twenty-fifth of March in every Year, if Parliament shall be fitting, and if Parliament shall not be fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament; 'videlicet, An Annual Account, made up to the Fifth Day of January preceding, of all Sums of Money which shall have been received by the said Commissioners from the Trustees of any Inftitution or Inftitutions as aforesaid in pursuance of this A6t, showing the Amount of all Bank Annuities which shall have been purchased by the Application of such Sums, and the Amount of Intereft or Dividends receivable thereon by the said Commissioners, and distinguishing in such Account the Amount of Intereft payable by the said Commissioners, on all Debentures issued to the said Trustees as aforesaid within the fame Period, and terminating on the Fifth Day of January in every Year.

6 XIX. And Whereas it is expedient to provide against an im-‘ proper Inveftment of Monies under the Provifions of this A61/ Be it therefore further ena6led, That the Privilege aforesaid of paying Money into the Bank of England, and of receiving Debentures for the fame, shall be reftri6ted to such Inftitutions only which shall by One or more of their Rules provide that the Sums paid by one Person in any one Year, and applied to the Purchafe of the aforesaid Debentures, shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds in the First Year, and Fifty Pounds in every Year afterwards, in the whole from each Depofitor, except in the cases where Friendly Societies shall become Depofitors ; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Redu6fion of the National Debt, previous to the Payment of any Sum or Sums into the Bank of England in pursuance of this A6t, to require the Produ6tion of such Rule or Rules so limiting the Sums to be deposited to the Amount above mentioned, certified under the Hands of Two of the Trustees or Managers of each such Inftitution refpe6tively, and any other Proof they may think it ne-cefiary to require.

XX. And be it further ena6ted, That upon every Change of a Truftee or Trustees, the preceding Truftee or Trustees, his or their Executors or Adminiftrators, shall and do forthwith transfer all Stocks and Annuities in the Public Funds belonging to such Inftitution, from the Name or Names of such preceding Truftee or

Kk 3	Truftees,

if loft, Duplicate Debenture may be granted.

Falfe Declaration for paying in Monies, Penalty.

Account by Commissioners for National Debt to be laid before Parliament.

Providing against: an improper Inveftment of

Monies.

On Change of Trustees, Stoqk to be transferred by former Trustees into the Names of the

Hosted

C. 130.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

new Trustees and continuing Trustees, &c.

Trustees may execute a Letter of Attorney for that Purpofe.

Persons intruft-ed with Effects of Society to account and deliver up Effeds when required.

Neglecting or refusing,

General or Quarter Sefiions may proceed in a luminary Way.

Members of Friendly Societies not liable to Forfeitures by iubfcribing to any Inftitutiou under this Ad,

Trustees, to the Name or Names of the new Truftee or Trustees who shall be appointed as hereinbefore mentioned or of such new Truftee or Trustees and any continuing Truftee or Trustees, if any of the former Trustees shall be continued, as the case shall require, so as to vest the fame in such new Truftee or Trustees and the continuing Truftee or Trustees, as the case shall happen; and in case any Sale or Sales, Transfer or Transfers, of any Part of such Stocks or Annuities, shall from time to time be directed according to the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Inftitution, every such Transfer or Sale shall be made by the Truftee or Trustees in whose Name or Names the fame shall then stand, or by some Person or Persons duly authorized by such Truftee or Trustees, by Letter of Attorney executed as is required by Law in such cases ; and where any such Transfer or Sale as aforesaid shall be made under or by virtue of any Letter of Attorney, such Letter of Attorney shall not be subject to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have or receive any Part of the Monies, Effects or Funds of or belonging to such Inftitution, or shall in any manner have been or shall be intrusted with the Difposition, Management or Cuftody thereof, or of any Securities relating to the fame, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns respectively, shall, upon Demand made in pursuance of any Order of the Committee of such Inftitution, or of any other delegated Authority as aforesaid, or at any General Meeting of the Managers thereof, give in his, her or their Account or Accounts to such Committee or other Authority as aforesaid, or to such General Meeting of the Managers of such Inftitution, or to such other Person or Persons who shall be nominated to receive the fame, to be examined and allowed or difal-lowed by the said Committee or Managers respectively ; and shall on the like Demand pay over all the Monies remaining in his or their Hands, and aftign and transfer or deliver all Securities, Effects or Funds taken or (landing in his or their Name or Names as aforesaid, or being in bis or their Hands or Cuftody, to such Person or Persons as the said Committee or Managers of such Inftitution shall appoint ; and in case of any Negled or Refufai to deliver such Account, or to pay over such Monies, or to aftign, transfer or deliver such Securities, Effeds or Funds in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the Truftee or Trustees of such Inftitution for the time being to exhibit a Petition to the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sefiions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place wherein such Inftitution shall be established, who shall and may proceed thereupon in a summary Way, and make such Order therein, upon hearing all Parties concerned, as to such Court in their Dil'cretion shall seem just, which Order shall be final and conclusive ; and all Aftignments, Sales and Transfers made in pursuance of such Order shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That no Person who is or shall be a Member of any Friendly Society established or to be established under and by virtue of any Ad or Ads relating to Friendly Societies, shall, by reason of such Person being or becoming a De-pofttor in any Inftitution taking the Benefit of this Ad, be confidered

as

Hosted

A.D.1817*

57° GEO. III.

C. 130.

503

as fubje6l or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Difability, declared or expressed, or intended so to be, by or in the Rules, Orders or Regulations of such Friendly Society ; any Rules, Orders or Regulations of such Friendly Society made or hereafter to be made to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That in case any Depofitor Share of Deceaf-in the Funds of any Inftitution taking the Benefit of this A6I shall ed, exceeding die, leaving any Sum or Sums of Money in the said Funds, or any

Dividends or Intereft due thereon, belonging to him or her at the ^on r° a e’ time of his or her Death, exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Twenty Pounds, the fame shall not be paid to any Person or Persons as Reprefentative or Reprefentatives of such Depofitor, but upon Probate of the Will of the deceased Depofitor, or Letters of Adminiftration of his or her Eftate and Effects : Provided always, that When Property where the whole Eftate or Effects of any such deceased Depofitor, 1S under the for or in respect of which any Probate or Letters of Adminiftration yalue 5oh no refpetftively shall be granted, shall be under the Value of Fifty b^paid in^aieTof Pounds Sterling, no Stamp Duty shall be chargeable thereon, nor Adminiftration. upon any Legacy or Refidue or Part thereof bequeathed, nor upon any Share or Part of the Eftate or Effects to be paid or distributed by or under such Probate or Letters of Administration: Provided Persons so cJaim-also, that in every such case the Person or Persons claiming such to exhibit Probate or Letters of Adminiftration free of Stamp Duty under this Certificate of A& shall exhibit to the Court or Person having Authority to grant share*1** ° the Probate or Letters of Adminiftration in such case, a Certificate of the Amount and Value of the Share and Intereft which the deceased Depofitor had in the Funds of the said Inftitution ; which Certificate shall be granted in such form and manner as shall have been fettled by the Rules, Orders, Regulations or Bye Laws of the Inftitutions refpe6lively, and shall be signed or testified by such Person or Persons as shall be directed therein ; and every such Certi- Such Certificate ficate shall be taken and received, by the Court or Person having received as Authority to grant such Probate or Letters of Administration, as Evidence of the Amount or Value of the Shares and Intereftsof the mount* deceased Depofitor in the Funds of the said Inftitution.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in case Where the Ef-any Depofitor in the Funds of any such Inftitution shall die, leaving fefts of a Person a Sum of Money in the said Fund, which, with the Intereft thereon, dy,nS intestate shall not exceed in the whole Twenty Pounds, it shall be lawful for ^ Admtniftra the Trustees or Managers of such Inftitution, and they are hereby tion not necef- ~ authorized and required, if no Will shall be proved, or no Letters of fary. Adminiftration shall be taken out, within Six Calendar Months after

the Death of the said Depofitor, to pay the fame according to the Rules and Regulations of the said Inftitution in such case made and provided ; and in the Event of there being no Rules and Regulations made in that Behalf, then the said Trustees or Managers are hereby authorized and required to pay and divide the fame to and amongst the Person or Persons entitled to the EfFedls of the deceased Intestate, according to the Statute of Diftributions.

< XXV. And Whereas such Inftitutions may be subject to con-6 fiderable Lofles on Payment of Money or Transfer of Securities

*	to Persons who may have obtained Letters of Adminiftration of the

*	Effe&s of a Depofitor? or Probate of a Will or Teftamentary Dif-

Kk 4>	‘	polition.

Hosted

504

C. 130.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Payments under Probates of Wills, &c. afterwards repealed, valid.

Remedy for Reprel'entattve against Person receiving.

Powers of Attorney by Trustees or Depolitors,

Receipts and Entries,

free from Stamp Duty.

Where Rules of Inftitution di-redt an Arbitration, the Award to be final.

< position, or supposed Will or Teftamentary Difpofition of such ‘ Depolitor, which Letters of Adminiftration or Probate may after-f wards be repealed or deemed null and void Be it further enabled, That Payment or Transfer of any Money or Security for Money by any such Inftitution as aforesaid to any Person or Persons having any such Letters of Adminiftration or Probate of any such Will or Teftamentary Difposition, granted by any Ecclefiaftical Court, and appearing to be in force, shall be valid and effectual with refpeift to any Demand of any other Person or Persons as the lawful Reprefentative or Reprefentatives of such Depofitor against the Funds of such Inftitution, or against the Treasurer, Trustees or Managers thereof; but nevertheless such lawful Reprefentative or Reprefentatives shall have Remedy for such Money or Securities for Money so paid or transferred as aforesaid, against the Person or Persons who shall have received the fame.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That no Power, Warrant or Letter of Attorney granted or to be granted by any Person or Persons as Truftee or Trustees of any Inftitution established under this A£t, for the Transfer of any Share or Shares in the Public Stocks or Funds Handing in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as such Truftee or Trustees ; nor any Power, Warrant or Letter of Attorney given by any Depofitor or Depofitors in the Funds of such Inftitution to any other Person or Persons, authorizing him, her or them to make any Depofit or Depofits of any Sum or Sums of Money in the Funds on the behalf of the said Depofitor or Depofitors, or to sign any Document or Inftrument required by the Rules, Orders, Regulations or Bye Laws of such Inftitution to be signed on making such Deposits, or to receive back any Sum or Sums of Money deposited in the said Funds, or the Dividends or Intereft arising therefrom ; nor any Receipts given for any Dividend or Dividends in any Public Stock or Fund, or Intereft of Exchequer Bills; nor any Receipt, nor any Entry in any Book of Receipt, for Money deposited in the Funds of any such Inftitution, nor for any Money received by any Depofitor, his or her Executors or Adminiftrators, Affigns or Attornies, from the Funds of such Inftitution, shall be subject or liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties wbatfoever.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That where Provifion shall be made by one or more of the general Rules, Orders or Regulations of any such Inftitution, and filed as hereinbefore required, for a Reference by Arbitration of any Matter in Difpute between any such Inftitution, or any Person or Persons acting under them, and any individual Depofitor therein, or any Executor, Adminiftrator, next of Kin or Creditor of any deceased Depolitor, or any Person claiming to be such Executor, Adminiftrator, next of Kin or Creditor, then and in every such case the Matter so in Difpute shall be referred to such Arbitrator or Arbitrators as shall have been named according to the general Rules, Orders or Regulations of such Inftitution ; and whatever Award, Order or Determination shall be made, according to the true Purport and meaning of the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Inftitution, shall be binding and con-clufive on all Parties, and shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, without any Appeal.

XXVIII. And

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 130.

505

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That this Adi shall be Public Aft. deemed a Public Adl, and fiiall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially shewn or pleaded.

SCHEDULES.

(A.)

FORM of the ORDER for the Trustees to make Payments into the Bank of England, to be produced to the Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

WE> being Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at [infert the Town and County], do, in pursuance of an Add: of the 57 Geo. 3. Cap.	hereby	authorize and direct A. B.

to pay into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Redudlion of the National Debt Pounds, and to receive for the fame, on account of us the said Trustees, a Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, carrying Intereft at the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem ; And we hereby declare, that the Sum above stated is the exclusive Property of the said Saving Bank specified in this our Order, arising wholly from individual Contributors, not exceeding the Amount specified in the said Adi for the Contribution of each Contributor, or arising from the voluntary Donation to the Funds of the said Society.

Witnefs our Hands, this	Day	of

| Trustees.

(B.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officers of the Commissioners, to enable Payments to be made into the Bank of England.

J DO hereby certify, That it appears by an Order dated

produced to me conformably to the Provifions.

°f an Adi of the 57 Geo. 3. Cap.	intituled	\infert	the	Title

°f this Att]> that Two of theTrufteesof the Saving Bank eftabliftied at \_infert the Town and County'] have authorized and diredfed A. B. to pay into the Bank of England> to the Account of the Commif-iioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Sum of

Pounds, arising from Contributions not exceeding the Amount in the said Adi mentioned, and to receive a Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, carrying Intereft at the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem.

Witnefs my Hand,	A.	-	-	-	Superintendent.

INDORSEMENT on the Back of the Trustees* Order, upon the Receipt of the Debenture.

Received the Debenture within described, in virtue of the aforegoing Order.

Witnefs my Hand,	A.	-	-	-	adting	for the Trustees*

FORM

Hosted

506

C. 130.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

(CO

FORM of the DEBENTURE to be ifiued by the Officer of the Commissioners for the ReduClion of the National Debt.

No,-------------- ----------------------------------

Received	of	the	Saving Bank established at

in the County of Pounds, which Sum is placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the ReduClion of the National Debt.

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

A. B. -	-	- Cafhier.

'Y^HEREAS by virtue of an A Cl of the Fifty feventli George 3. Cap.	intituled,	\infert	the	Title of this Afi~] the Sum of

Pounds hath been paid into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on account of 44 The Saving Bank’* established at in the County of Now this Debenture is chargeable on the Monies or Funds Handing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt at the Bank of England, and entitles the said Saving Bank to the Principal Sum of	Pounds,	carrying

an Intereft after the Rate of Three pence per Ceritum per Diem from the Day of the Date hereof, payable at the Bank of England to the Trustees, or to their Ufe, by the Order of Two of such Trustees indorsed thereon, on the Fifth Day of April next after the Date hereof, or at any other time, upon the Production of such Order at the Office of the said Commissioners, the fame being indorsed hereon under the Hands of Two of the Trustees of the said Saving Bank, directing Payment thereof to be demanded by the Person producing the fame ; and the Intereft shall in all cases be computed to and include the Five Days following the Day of the Date of such Order.

Dated this	Day	of

A. -	-	-	Superintendent.

This Debenture is not transferrable nor assignable.

(D.)

INDORSEMENT of the Order of the Trustees on the Debenture to receive Payment.

TT17E, Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank within described, do hereby authorize and direCI A. B. to demand [and receive both the Principal and Intereft of this Debenture in Money] or [and receive the Intereft due thereon in Money, and also a new Debenture of the like Amount in lieu of this Debenture, bearing the like Rate of Interect, or a new Debenture or Debentures of the like Amount, and the Intereft added thereto, bearing the like Rate of

Day of

j- Trustees of the said Saving Bank. Day of

CER-

Intereft], as the case may he. Witnefs our Hands this

A.	- - -

B.	- - -

Dated the

Hosted

A.D. 1817♦

57° GEO. III.

C. 130, 131.

507

(E.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commissioners to enable the Payment of the Principal and Intereft of the Debenture.

J DO hereby certify, That the Debenture No.	for	the Principal Sum of	Pounds, hath been delivered at the Office

of the Commissioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, conformably to an Order indorsed thereon, under the Hands of Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at \infert the Town and County'] pursuant to the Provifions of an A<ft of the Fifty seventh George 3. Cap. intituled [infert the Title of this Aft], and that the Intereft due thereon, computed to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of the said Order, amounts to

Pounds	Shillings and	pence.

And I do further certify, That the said Trustees have authorized and directed A, B. [to receive both the Principal and Intereft of the said Debenture in Money] or [to receive a new Debenture of the like Amount in lieu of the said Debenture, and also the Intereft due thereon in Money, or with the said Intereft added to the Amount of the said Debenture.]

Witnefs my Hand, this	Day	of

A* -	-	- Superintendent.

THE RECEIPT for the above Principal and Intereft must be acknowledged on this Certificate, as follows:

Received in virtue of the Order specified in this Certificate [the Principal Sum of	Pounds	in Money, being the

Amount of the Debenture within deferibed] or [a new Debenture for the Sum of	Pounds,	being	of the like Amount,

and in lieu of the Debenture within deferibed] and also the Intereft due thereon, computed to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of the said Order.

Witnefs my Hand, A, -	-	a<fting for the said Trustees.

CAP. CXXXI.

An A£t for the better Regulation of Polls, and for making other Provifions touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places in Ireland.	[12th July 1817.]

‘ WHEREAS it is necessary to amend the Laws for regulating * VV the Eledtion of Members to serve in Parliament for Places ‘ in Ireland, and to provide for the more expeditious taking of Polls c thereat Be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the First Day of Augujl next, every Poll which shall be demanded at any Election for a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or other Place in Ireland, shall commence on the Day upon which the fame shall be demanded, or upon the next Day at farthest (unlefs it shall happen to be a Sunday, Chrijlmas Day or Good Friday, and then on the Day next after), and shall be duly and regularly proceeded in from Day to Day (Sundays, Chrijlmas Day

From Aug. 1, 1817, every Poll must commence at the latest the Day after it is demanded,unless it be Sunday, &c. and must not continue longer than a certain

Hosted

C. 131.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Day, except as herein mentioned.

Name of Person elected to be declared at the Clofe of the Poll, or the Day after, and Return made.

After Fourth Day, Returning Officer may close any Booth when no more than 20 have polled in the Dav.

Within Two Days after Receipt of Writ, Proclamation to he made of the Ele&ion.

Whenever more than 2,000 Freeholders regif-tered in one Barony, &c. Names of Freeholders to be lo divided that no more than 2,oco shall have to poll in one Booth.

Expence of Booths, &c.

and Good Friday always excepted) until the fame be finished ; but so as that no Poll at any Ele&ion held by virtue of a Writ shall continue longer than the Fortieth Day at furtheil after the Teft thereof, and if by virtue of such Writ the Eledlion shall be held by Precept, no Poll at such Ele&ion shall continue longer than the Thirtieth Day at furtheil after the Date thereof; and if such Polls shall continue respectively until such Fortieth or Thirtieth Day, then the fame shall be finally closed at or before the Hour of Three in the Afternoon of the fame Day ; and the Returning Officer or Officers at every such Election shall immediately, or on the Day next after the final Clofe of the Poll, truly, fairly and publicly declare the Name or Names of the Person or Persons who have the Majority of Votes on such Poll, and shall forthwith make a Return of such Person or Persons.

II. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers, and he or they are hereby required, on any Day after the Fourth Day of Polling, to close finally any Booth in which no more than Twenty Eledlors have polied, or have been referred for Decifion to the Booth of such Returning Officer or Officers, during that Day.

i III. And Whereas it is expedient to afford full time before the ‘ Return of the Writ for the polling of Freeholders at the Election ‘ of a Knight or Knights to serve in Parliament for any County in ‘ IrelandBe it enabled, That immediately after the Receipt of the Writ for making any such Election, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of such County, and he is hereby required, to indorse on the Back thereof the Date of receiving the fame, and within Two Days after the Receipt thereof to cause Proclamation to be made at the Place where the ensuing Election ought by Eaw to be holden, and to cause to be affixed on the Door of the County Court House public Notice thereof, signed by himself, of a Special County Court to be there holden, for the Purpofe of such Ele&ion only, on any Day, Sunday excepted, not later from the Day of making such Proclamation and affixing such Notice than the Sixteenth Day, nor sooner than the Tenth Day*

IV. And be it ena£ted, That whenever in any one Barony or Half Barony of any County in Ireland, the Number of Freeholders registered within Eight Years previous to the Tell of the Writ for holding such Election, and exceeding Twelve Calendar Months previous to the Tell of such Writ, shall exceed Two thousand, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff, and he is hereby required, on receiving written Notice thereof from any Candictate, to divide alphabetically, as equally as can be (but so as not in any case to divide the Names beginning with the fame Letter), all the Names of the Freeholders so registered in such Barony or Half Barony, so that it shall not be necessary for more than Two thousand to poll in any Booth, and to erect as many more Booths, or hire as many more Buildings, as may be necessary for this Purpose,. and to appoint as many additional Deputies or other Officers as shall be necessary, to take the Poll at such additional Booths or Buildings, not exceeding One Deputy and One Poll Clerk to each such Booth or Building ; and the Expence of every such additional Booth or Building, and the Wages of every such additional Deputy or Officer, at the fame Rate as other Booths or Buildings, and as other Deputies

Hosted

C. 131.

57° GEO. III.

50 9

or Officers, shall be paid to the Sheriff by all Candidates jointly on Demand.

4 V. And Whereas It is expedient that any Reference made to the 4 Sheriff should not interrupt the Poll Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of any County in Ireland, and he is hereby required, to ere£t a Booth or hire a Building wherein he may and shall decide such cases as may be referred to him, exclusive of the Number of Booths or Buildings nor -f required by Law ; and such Sheriff is hereby required to give his constant Attendance therein, during the entire Number of Hours that the Polling shall continue each Day.

4 VI. And Whereas by an A 61 palled in the Fifty firff Year of 4	His prefent	Majefty, intituled	An Aft to	amend the Laws for

4	regulating the	Eleftion in Ireland	of Members	to serve in Parliament,

4	it is (among	other things) enacted, That	when a Poll shall be

4	demanded at	any Election of a	Member or	Members to serve in

4 Parliament for any County, City, Town or Borough in Ireland, the 4 Returning Officer or Officers at any such Election, after such Poll 4 shall be demanded, shall, at the Inftance and Requeft of any Can-4 dictate or Candidates at such Election, under his or their Hand or 4 Hands, immediately after such Request, and before he or they shall 4 proceed further in taking the Poll, retain, nominate and appoint 4 Two or more Juftice6 of the Peace (as the case may require) to 4 administer the Oaths and Declarations required in and by an A6t 4 palled in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present 4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft to enable His Majefy’s Subjects,

4 of whatever Perfuafon, to tef ify their Allegiance to Him; and also 4 another A£t, passed in the Thirty third Year of His present 4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the Relief of His Majejly’s 4 Popifh or Roman Catholic Subjefts in Ireland ; and that the Clerk 4 of the Peace, or a Deputy by him appointed in Writing under his 4 Hand for that Purpose, shall attend such Persons: And Whereas 4 there are other Oaths besides those enumerated in said A61 which 4 Voters at Eledlions of Members to serve in Parliament may be by 4 Law required to take, the present Mode of administering whereof is 4 attended with Delay and InconvenienceBe it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justices of the Peace so appointed, and they are hereby empowered and required, severally and at different Places separate and apart from the Place where the Poll shall be taken, to administer all the Oaths and the Declarations and Affirmations required to be taken or made by Persons offering to vote at any Ele6lion (the Bribery Oath or Affirmation only excepted), which Oath or Affirmation shall be taken or made at the Place of taking the Poll, at the Delire of any Candidate or Eledlor, by every Person offering to vote at any Election, as before the passing of this A6L

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Person so appointed as aforesaid shall, immediately after such Appointment, and before he shall take upon him to act under such Appointment, take the following Oath, in place of the Oath required by the said recited A6t ; (that is to fay),

( J A> B. do swear, That I will faithfully and impartially administer 4 the Oaths and take the Affirmations now required by Law to be 4 taken or made by Voters at Ele&ions for Members to serve in Par-

4 liament

Sheriff to have a Booth, separate ancl exclusive of Polling Booths, where he is to attend

f Sic.

51 G. 3* c* 77-§ 4-

13& 14 G.3. (I.) c -35-

33 G.3. (I.)

C. 21.

Justices to administer all Oaths, &c.

Exception.

Persons so appointed to take the following Oath.

Hosted by

510

C. 131.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

*	liament (except the Bribery Oath or Affirmation) to and from such 4 Persons as shall lawfully apply to me in that Behalf, in order to ‘ qualify themselves to vote at this Ele&ion.’

Which Oath, to be taken by the several Persons respectively so to be appointed, the Returning Officer or Officers, or any of them, is and are hereby authorized and required to administer; and such Clerk of the Peace, or a Deputy so appointed by him for the Pur-pofes aforesaid, shall attend each of such Justices of the Peace during the Adminiftration of such Oaths, Affirmations and Declarations, PeaceS sfc^to anc^ S*ve> without Fee or Reward, to every Person who shall give Certificate ta^e	Oaths or make such Declarations or Affirmations refpec-

of Oath, &c. tively, a Certificate thereof in manner hereinafter mentioned, and without Fee,and shall take the following Oath, in place of the Oath required by to take the the said recited A£t : (that is to fay), following Oath.	v	J

‘ J A, B. do swear, That I will, on being thereunto requested, fairly

*	and truly give, without Fee or Reward, to every such Person, or ‘ any of them, who shall take such Oaths or make such Declarations

*	or Affirmations respectively, or any of them, as are now required e by Law to be taken or made by Voters at Elections for Members ‘ to serve in Parliament before the Justices of the Peace appointed ‘ by the Returning Officer, a Certificate thereof; and that I will c not give such Certificate to any Person before he shall have taken

*	fuch Oath or Oaths, or make such Declaration or Declarations, ‘ Affirmation or Affirmations respectively, as shall be mentioned in

*	fuch Certificate, in my Prefence.9

Electors to apply before voting, to Persons so appointed, who shall administer the Oaths, &c. and Clerks of the Peace to give Certificates thereof.

Which Oath, to be taken by the several Persons respectively so to be appointed, the Returning Officer or Officers, or any of them, is and are hereby authorized and required to administer.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Persons so appointed shall have taken such Oath so required to be taken by them respectively as aforesaid, any Person or Persons claiming to vote at any such Election as aforesaid may, at any time before he or they shall give his or their Vote or Votes at such Election, apply to any One of the Persons so appointed and sworn as aforesaid, to take the Oaths and make the Declarations and Affirmations or any of them ; and the Person to whom such Application shall be made shall accordingly administer the fame to such Person or Persons so claiming a Right to vote ; and the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, so sworn and appointed, shall, immediately upon such Oaths being taken, and Affirmations or Declarations being made, sign and deliver a Certificate thereof to such Person who shall have taken such Oaths or made such Affirmations or Declarations respectively, which Certificate fnall contain the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Person to whom the fame shall be so given ; and in case of Persons taking the said Oath shall be in the Terms following ; (that is to fay,)

Form of Certifi- < A. B. [naming the Person taking the Oath, Declaration or -^taking	< Affirmation] of [naming the Place of such Persons Abode, and his

f ' ' vC>	* Addition or OccupationJ has taken the Oath [or Oaths, Affirm-

‘ ation or Affirmations, Declaration or Declarations] of [naming 6 the said Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, Declaration or c Declarations, so adminifered], before me, this ‘ Day of	.’

And

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. 131.

511

And every such Person to whom such Certificate ffiall be so given Production of ffiall, on producing such Certificate to the Person or Persons Jaw- Certificate to fully taking the Poll at such Ele&ion, be deemed to have taken or ent,tle t0 vote* made such Oaths, Declarations or Affirmations as effectually, in order to entitle him to vote at such Ele&ion, as if the fame had been taken or made in manner and form required before the passing of this A6t-

IX.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Persons offering when any Person or Persons offering to vote at any such Election, to vote without without producing such Certificate as aforesaid, shall be lawfully Producint5 Cerr ^ required to take the said Oaths, or make the said Declarations or req^ired^to61112 Affirmations or any of them, then such Oaths, Declarations or withdraw and Affirmations, or any of them, shall not be administered by the take the Oaths Returning Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons taking the before One of Poll, or at the Place of taking the said Poll ; but the Elector j}ie^nimiU or Electors so required to take such Oaths, or make such Declar- lon'ls* ations or Affirmations, shall immediately withdraw, and shall take

the said Oaths, or subscribe and make the said Declarations or Affirmations refpe£tively, before One of the Commissioners appointed and sworn as aforesaid in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

X.	And be it further enacted, That every Elector having received Certificate to be such Certificate as aforesaid, shall, so soon as he shall have polied, cancelled after deliver the fame to the Person taking the Poll, who shall forthwith PollinS* cancel the fame.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That If the Number if at any time during the Poll at any such Election, it shall be found of Persons so ap-that the Number of Persons so appointed as aforesaid is inefficient P?*nted torfd?i" for the Purpofes aforesaid, and that the Poll is delayed for want of fooulV be infuf-a sufficient Number of Persons to administer such Oaths, Declarations ficient, more and Affirmations as aforesaid, then and in every such case the may be appoint-Returning Officer or Officers at such Election may, and he or they ed by Returning is and are hereby empowered and required, at the Inftance and Re- C>fficcr*

quest in Writing of any Candidate then present, to retain, nominate and appoint such further Number of Persons, for the Purpofe of administering the said Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforesaid, and of granting such Certificates as aforesaid, as ffiall be necessary to prevent such Delay ; and the Persons so nominated and appointed ffiall take the like Oath, which ffiall be administered to them respectively in like manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the Person first appointed for the Purpofes aforesaid.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the Returning Officer or Returning Offi-Officers at every such Election ffiall and is and are hereby required cer to appoint to appoint, find and provide a proper Place for every such Person so proper Places for appointed as aforesaid, to execute the Duty hereby imposed upon executmS A<T such Person, to which Place the respective Ele&ors may have free

Access, without interrupting the Poll, and so as to enable the Persons so appointed to act separately without interfering with each other in the Execution of their Office; and that each of the said Hours of keep-Places so appointed ffiall be open and attended by the Person or ing such Places Persons appointed to act there during all such times as the Poll open, at any such Eledlion {ball be kept open* and ffiall continue at least Eight Hours in every Day, between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Eight in the Evening, until the final Clofe of the Poll ; and that the said Oaths and the said Declarations and Affirmations ffiall respectively be administered to as many of the Eleftors, being

ready

Hosted

C. 131.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Returning Officers to provide primed Forms of Certificates.

Returning Officers on Notice to provide proper Places for admi-niflering Oaths, Sec.

Expences, as herein mentioned, defrayed by Candidates.

Clerk of the Peace to cause Deputy to attend with Affidavits of Regiftry of Freeholds.

Returning Officers, on Demand of Candictate, to appoint Interpreters.

Interpreters to rake the following Oath.

ready and desiring to take or make the fame respectively, as can conveniently take or make the fame together, not exceeding the Number of Twelve at one time; and such Returning Officer or Officers shall also find, provide and deliver to each Person who shall be appointed by him or them in manner aforesaid, a sufficient Number of printed Certificates, agreeable to the Form hereinbefore diretsted, to be filled up as Occafion may require, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, appointed or sworn as aforesaid, attending on such Person as aforesaid, and delivered to each Elector so taking the said Oaths or declaring or affirming as aforesaid.

XIII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Candidates or any of them shall, Three Days at least before any such Election, give or cause to be given Notice in Writing to the Returning Officer or Officers, to provide proper Places for administering said Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations to the Electors, then and in every such case Booths or such other proper Places shall be prepared and provided, so as to be ready before and against the Day of Election ; the Expence of which Booths or Places, and of the said printed Forms, and also the Allowance and Compenfation (if any) to be made to the several Justices of the Peace administering such Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforesaid, for their Trouble and Attendance, not exceeding One Guinea a Day to every of them, and also the Allowance and Compenfation to be made to the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputies, appointed as aforesaid, for their Trouble and Attendance, not exceeding Half a Guinea a Day to every of them for each Day of Attendance, shall be defrayed and repaid by the Candidates at such Election, in equal Proportions, to the Returning Officer or Officers who shall have incurred such Expence.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That the Clerk of the Peace shall and is hereby required to attend, or cause his Deputy to attend, during the whole of every Election of Members to serve in Parliament, the Returning Officer or Officers in his or their Booth, Court or Building where he or they shall preside at such Election ; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall bring with him all the original Affidavits of the Regiftry of Freeholds, and shall, on Demand of the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Aflefior, produce such Affidavit as may be required by him or them.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers, and he or they is and are hereby required, on Demand or Requeft in Writing of any Candidate or Candictates, immediately after such Request, to retain, nominate and appoint as many competent Persons to act as Interpreters as there shall be Places of Polling, or Places of taking the Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforesaid, so that one such Interpreter shall attend each of such Places to translate faithfully such Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations, and such Queftions and Anfvvers as are hereinbefore or hereinafter required to be taken, made, asked or given at the Place of Polling, and also before the Persons appointed to administer Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforesaid ; and every such Interpreter shall, immediately after such Appointment, and before he shall take upon him to act under such Appointment, take the following Oath, which the Returning Officer or Officers are hereby required to administer:

< I A. B.

Hosted  •

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 131.

513

c T A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully interpret such Oaths,

‘ 1 Declarations, Affirmations, Queftions and Anfwers as I ffiall 4 be directed to interpret by the Returning Officer or Officers, his

<	or their Deputies, and the Persons appointed to administer Oaths,

<	Declarations and Affirmations at this Election/

And the Allowance and Compenfation to be made to the several Allowance to Persons appointed as aforesaid for their Trouble and Attendance, h«ch Persons not exceeding Half a Guinea a Day to every of them for each j?aid ’°-v Can~ Day of Attendance, ffiall be defrayed and repaid by the Candidates 1 ates‘ at such Election, in equal Proportions, to the Returning Officer or Officers.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, Deputy to ex-That at all Eledtions at which any Person ffiall tender his Vote amme Electors as having a Freehold, the Deputy preiiding in any Polling Booth as 1° or Building ffiall personally examine such Person as to his Name other Person and Refidence, as to the Value, Tenure and Situation of his Free- to examine or hold, and whether it arises from a Rent Charge ; but it ffiall not be plead, lawful for any other Person be fide s the Deputy, whether Barrifter,

Attorney, Agent, Candictate, Eledfor or other Person, to plead or speak to or examine any Person tendering his Vote, on any Pretence whatever, during the Continuance of the Poll, in any of the Polling Booths.

‘ XVII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Power of c Rejection and Examination of Persons tendering their Votes by c the Deputies of Returning Officers Be it enacted by the Au- Deputy not to thority aforesaid, That it ffiall not be lawful for any Deputy to hiveftigate Riche examine any Person tendering his Vote, except as hereinbefore [° vote,[’m 10 directed ; and that if any Objection ffiall arise as to the Right of such Person to.vote, such Objedlion ffiall be forthwith referred to the Returning Officer or Officers ; but it ffiall n&t be lawful for any Deputy to investigate such Perfon’s Right to vote, nor to reject such Performs Vote, without Reference to the Returning Officer or Officers.

* XVIII. And Whereas great Delay has taken place from un-c necessary Searches for original Affidavits of Regiftry at various 6 Elections, notwithstanding the Freeholders tendering their Votes * had produced legal Certificates of their having registered their 4 Freeholds ;* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Certificote of That after the palling of this Adt? in every cale in which a Per- Regiftry of foil offering to poll ffiall produce a Certificate of Regiftry in manner and form by. Law required, without Erafure or Interlineation, ci^fiveEvidence, such Certificate ffiall be deemed conclulive Evidence of his having duly registered such Freehold ; but if any Variance between such Certificate and the Book of Regiftry ffiall appear to the Deputy, or if no such Certificate ffiall be produced by such Person, it shall and may be lawful for such Deputy, and he is hereby required, to refer such Person, if objected to, to the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Affeffor or Affeffors, who, or one of whom, are hereby exclusively authorized to examine such Perfon’s original Affidavit of Regiftry.

( XIX. And Whereas by an A6t of the Irijh Parliament, palled

<	in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 37 0.3. (I.)

6 intituled An Aft for the further Regulation of the Eledion of

57 Geo, HI.	LI	c Members

Hosted

514

C. 131.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1317.

Freeholders of 50I. or 20I. may omit Parilh in Oaths,

and to name Townland, &c.

Peri'ons convidt-ed of polling Twice, (Exception) or of per-fonating others, to be transported for Seven Years.

Freeholder under 20I. fub-jett only to Crown or Quit Rent, &c. may register as under the laid Adt 3 7 G. 3- (h)

Oath to be taken by such Freeholder.

Such Freeholder to make the fame Affirmation and Oaths as Persons having Freeholds of 2cl. Value.

Members to fernye in Parliament, it is enabled, that any Person seised of a Freehold, not consisting of a Rent Charge, shall desire c to register it, as being of the Value of Fifty Pounds or Twenty 1 Pounds, he shall, in the Oath or Affirmation therein provided,

4 name the Parifh or Parifhes, and the Townland or Townlands in 4 which such Freehold may be situated : And Whereas it is ex-4 pedient that the Name of the Parilh or Parifhes ffiould in the faid

*	Oath be omitted, and that the Townland or Townlands, or

* other Denomination by which the Place is generally known,

* wherein the Freehold is situated, be named in the said Oath or 6 AffirmationBe it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person seised of a Freehold, not consisting of a Rent Charge, who shall desire to register it as being of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds or Twenty Pounds, to omit in said Oath or Affirmation the Name of the Parifh or Parifhes in which said Freehold may be situated, and to name therein the Townland or Townlands, or other Denomination by which the Place is generally known, wherein the said Freehold may be situated.

XX. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That every Person who shall be by due Courfe of Law convicted of having polled a Second time at the fame Election, except as hereinafter mentioned, or of having personated any other Person for the Purpofe of polling at such Election, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be transported for Seven Years to some Part of His Majefty’s Dominions out of Europe, or be imprisoned for any term not more than Seven Years, at the Difcretion of the Judge' or Judges who shall try such Person.

4 XXI. And Whereas it is expedient that Persons having Free-4 holds under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, and fubjedf 4 only to Crown or Quit Rent, or arising from Fee Farm Grants, 4 or under a Leafe or Leafes for ever, or for Lives renewable for 4 ever, should have the Power of voting at Elections for Members 4 of Parliament, although they should not reside thereon, or occupy 4 such Freeholds by tilling or grazing, to the Amount of Forty 4 Shillings yearly Value thereof Be it enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for Persons having Freeholds under Twenty Pounds yearly Value, not consisting of a Rent Charge, and liable only to Crown or Quit Rents, to register the fame in like manner as is provided for Persons having Freeholds of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds in an A£t of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, hereinbefore in part recited.

XXII.	And be it further enadfed, That such Person so registering his Freehold, shall insert in the Oath of Regiftry the Words 44 Forty Shillings,” instead of the Words Twenty Pounds or Fifty Pounds ; and shall add the following Words, 44 and that the 44 said Freehold does not consist of a Rent Charge, and that it is 44 liable to no Rent, except Crown or Quit Rent,” or 44 that it 44 arises from a Fee Farm Grant,” or 44 that I hold it under a 44 Leafe or Leafes for ever,” or 44 that I hold it under a Leafe or 44 Leafes for Lives, renewable for ever,” as the case maybe.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That every Person who ftiall offer to vote by virtue of a Freehold under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, and holding the fame subject only to Crown or Quit Rents, before he be admitted to poll, shall make the fame Affirmations

Hosted by

57° GEO. IIr.

C. 131.

515

lions and take the fame Oaths as are now provided for Persons having Freeholds of the Value of Twenty Pounds : Provided always, that such Person shall in such Oaths make the fame Alterations and Additions as are herein fet forth in the Oath of Regiftry for such Persons.

c XXIV. And Whereas by sundry Statutes palled by the Par-c liament of Ireland, and also by the Forty fifth of His prefent

*	Majefty, it is enacted, that every Oath or Affirmation made and 6 fubicribed at any Session of the Peace for Regiftry of any Free-c hold, shall be read aloud in open Court and signed by Two of the c Justices presiding therein : And Whereas the Number of the

*	Juftices who are empowered to a 61 within several of the Counties 4 of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, agreeably to the 4 Charters thereof, is extremely limited in Amount, and often con-< fined in a great Degree to those who from Age and Infirmity are 1 incapacitated for active Performance of Duty : And Whereas it

*	is necessary to provide against any consequent Inconvenience or 4 Delay of Persons poflefied of Freehold Property who wish duly 6 to register such Freeholds, and to qualify themselves for exercifmg c the elective FranchifeTherefore be it enabled, That in all Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, the Mayor or other Chief Magiftrate of such County of a City or County of a Town, or other his sufficient Deputy appointed by him pursuant to the Charter, in case of his Illnefs or Abfence from such City or Town, shall continue to hold each General Quarter Session of the Peace for one entire Day after the Criminal and other Bufinefs of every such Session has been fully transacted, commencing his Sitting at the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon, for the Purpofe of registering all such Freeholders as present themselves for that Purpose, in such manner and form as now required by Law ; and that the said Mayor shall continue his Sitting until the Hour of Four in the Afternoon, and administer all the Oaths and sign all Certificates which are now required by Law to render the Regiftry of such Freehold valid ; and that the Signature of such Chief Magiftrate or his Deputy shall be singly and of itself a sufficient Atteftation of such Regiftry, in place of the Signatures of Two Magistrates as now required by Law, and shall be then and there delivered by such Mayor or his Deputy to the Clerk of the Peace, to be filed and kept among the Records of the Court.

XXV. And it is hereby further ena6ted, That if the Mayor or other Chief Magiftrate shall, by himself or his sufficient Deputy, neglect or wilfully omit to hold any such Session, in manner and form as hereinbefore recited, or to admit to register their Freeholds thereat such Persons duly qualified as shall present themselves for that Purpofe to the said Mayor or Chief Magistrate, such Mayor or Chief Magiftrate so offending shall forfeit the penal Sum of One hundred Pounds for each and every such Negledl of Duty ; and if the Clerk of the Peace or his sufficient Deputy shall neglect or omit to attend at such Session of the Peace, and then and there to do all Acts now required of him by Law for the Regiftry of Freeholders, such Clerk of the Peace shall forfeit the penal Sum of Fifty Pounds ; such Penalties to be recovered by Information in any of His Ma-jefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin; One Moiety whereof shall be

L 1 2	payable

Provifo.

4 5 0.3.<--59’§*«

Regulations for the Regiftry of Freeholders.

Mayor, &c. not admitting Freeholders to be registered,

Penalty iocl. Clerk of the Peace neglecfting hisDut}r,

Penalty 50!,

Hosted

516

C.131.	57°	GEO.	IIL	A.I). 181/

payable to our Lord The King, and the other Moiety to him who shall sue for and recover the fame.

Foil Clerk to	XXVI. And be it further enacted. That from and after palling

in^Oath10110''^	&id recited Aft, at any Election for any Member or Mem-

“ J	bers	to	ferve	in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or Town

in Ireland, every Person whom the Returning Officer or Officers shall retain to aft as a Clerk for taking the Poll, shall, before he commences to take such Poll, take the following Oath :

<	J A, B. swear, That I will truly and indifferently take the Poll

<	at this Election, and fet down the Name and Refidence of each c Voter, the Value, Tenure, Situation and Place and Date of Re-

<	giftry of his Freehold, and whether sworn to or affirmed by fuch

<	Voter, as the case may be, and for whom he shall poll.’

Returning Officer acting partially, Imprifonment for Three Years, and Incapacity.

Deputy Sheriff, &c. ahfenting hionFeIf, to forfeit Compe illation, and another to be appointed.

Returning Officer, dec. refuting or neglecting to perform his Duty,

Penalty.

Qualification of Deputy Sheriffs.

Which Oath of every such Poll Clerk the said Returning Officer or Officers is or are hereby authorized and required to administer.

6 XXVII. And Whereas it is necessary to guard against impro-‘ per Conduft of Returning Officers at such Eleftion for Members * to serve in ParliamentBe it enacted, That every Returning Officer who shall be by due Courfe of Law convicted of having acted corruptly or partially in the Execution of his Duty of Returning Officer at any Eleftion for Members to serve in Parliament, shall be adjudged guilty of a high Mifdemeanor, and be imprisoned for Three Years ; and such Person, so convisted, is hereby declared to be for ever incapable of holding any Office or Situation, Civil or Military, under the Crown.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That any Deputy Sheriff’, Commiffioner for administering Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforesaid, Poll Clerk, Clerk of the Peace or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, appointed as aforesaid, or Interpreter, absenting himself, shall forfeit all Compenfation for Attendance during such Eleftion ; and the Returning Officer or Officers is and are hereby authorized and required, in case of the Abfence of any such Person or Persons, immediately to appoint, as before herein dirested, a Person or Persons to fill his or their Place or Places.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Returning Officer, or Deputy Returning Officer, Sheriff or Deputy Sheriff, Clerk of the Peace or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, or other Officer hereinbefore mentioned, who shall refuse or neglect to perform his Duty according to the Provifions of this Aft, shall forfeit Ten Pounds with Treble Cofts for each and every such Inftance of Refufal or Negleft, to any Person suing for the fame at any Seffions of the Peace within Twelve Calendar Months after such Inftance of Negleft or Refufal.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That no Sheriff of any County in Ireland shall appoint, after the passing of the present Aft, any Person to aft as his Deputy, unless such Person shall be a Freeholder of such County, having a Freehold of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds at least above all Charges ; and such Sheriff is hereby required to demand, upon Oath, of such Person offering to be sworn as Deputy, whether such Person has a Freehold of that Value.

In case of Death XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or Illnefs of Re- or severe Illnefs of the Returning Officer or Officers during the turning Officer,	Continuance

Hosted

57° GEO, III.

C. 181.

517

Continuance of the Poll, it fball and may be lawful for the first fuss sworn De-

fworn Deputy, who shall be sworn by himself for this Purpofe puty to proceed

before the Commencement of the Poll, and he is hereby required,	aS

under the Penalty of forfeiting One thousand Pounds to any Person er<

fuing for the fame, to proceed in the Poll, and to act in every respect Penalty ioogh

for all the Purpofes of the Election as if he had been originally

Returning Officer, and take the Oath as directed by Law for the

Returning Officer at the Commencement of the Poll, which any

Two Justices of the Peace are hereby authorized to administer,

and proceed in the Poll, and to act in every respect as Returning

Officer for all the Purpofes of such Election, as if he had been

originally Returning Officer, and shall make a Special Return of

the Facts, as the case may be, unless his Authority shall be pre-

vioufly superseded by the Recovery of the Returning Officer, or the

legal Appointment of a new one, as the case may be.

‘ XXXII. And Whereas it is expedient, in the Event of the 6 Death of any Candidate during a Poll, that all Persons who have * given their Votes for such Candidate ffiould be enabled to vote over c again Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases Persons having where it shall be made to appear to the Returning Officer, upon Oath v°ted for Can-of any credible Witnefs, which Oath he is hereby empowered and dur^the* p0ll directed to administer at any time before the Poll is finally closed at empowered to * any Election, that any Candidate for whom any Votes have been vote again, given at such Election shall have died, then such Returning Officer shall cause public Notice thereof to be given, and shall direct such Poll to be adjourned till the next Day; and in such case every Eledtor who shall have voted for such deceased Candidate shall be •admitted, if he think fit, to vote over again :	Provided	always,	that	Proviib.

nothing herein contained shall extend to enable any Person who shall have so voted for any deceased Candidate to vote again for more than one Candictate, or to give such Vote in favour of any Candidate for whom he shall have before voted.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That in every such case of Oath to be taken any Person being so admitted to vote a Second time, the following by Persons voting Words shall be omitted out of the Oaths or Affirmations now a Second time, directed by Law to be taken or made by every such Person before

he is admitted to poll; (that is to fay), “ And that I have not c( been before polled at this Eledlion and that in lieu thereof the following be inserted ; (that is to fay), cc and that I have polled at ti< this Election for A. B» now deceased.”

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted. That at any Eledfion for Returning'^pf-any County, City, Borough or Town in Ireland, it shall be lawful ficer may funa-for any Returning Officer or Officers to summon all Constables,

Bailiffs or other Peace Officers, to attend and keep the Peace at such Election; and that any such Constable, Bailiff or Peace Officer negledling to attend during the whole of such Election, shall forfeit

such Office of Constable, Bailiff or other Peace Officer, and all Salary due to him.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That any Constable, Bailiff Bailiffs conviffecl or other Peace Officer, convicted of a Breach of the Peace during °/reac\^r such Eledlion, shall be adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and be demeanor’ * " imprisoned for any time not more than Twelve Calendar Months.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the Returning Officer Returning Of-or Officers, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, at any Election, shall ficer may commit have Power, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, to com- Perl°Hs for 2,4

L 1 3	mit

mon Bailiffs, Sec. to attend Elec-

Hosted by

518

C. 131, 132.

57° GEO. Ill

A.D.1817.

Hours found rioting.

All former exifiling AS.s confirmed, &c. except as herein altered, See.

mit all Persons to Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, who fhali be found rioting or interrupting the Poll, or wilfully preventing the Approach of Eleftors to the Place of polling ; provided that the time of such Imprifonment shall not in any case exceed Twenty four Hours.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all former Afts of Parliament, made for the Regulation of the Eleftion of Members to serve in Parliament for Places in Ireland, not heretofore repealed, are hereby confirmed and reenacted, except as the fame are herein-amended or altered.

CAP. CXXXII.

An Aft: for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen ; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[12th July 1817.]

§ 1.^.1,300,000 o o

II.

III.

IV.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

X. XI.

XII.

1,500,000 o

2,000,000	0	0

*5>749	1S	2

1,849,810	1	6|

1,225,978	2	3

400,000	0	O

3,000,00 0	0	O

24,000,000	0	O

18,000,000	0	O

9,000,000	0	O

3,600,000	0 -	O

J5>749	15	2

1,849,810	1	H

1,225,978	2	3

1,300,000	0	O

400,000	0	O

1,500,000	0	O

Granted to make good the Supply of Great Britain and Ireland for 1817.

Out of the Duties of 56 G. 3. c, I7.

Out of Arrears of Property j Tax under 46 G. 3. c. 65 Treasury to direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out as directed by 48 G.3. c. 1. on Fourteen Days7 Notice in the London Gazette, and in three or more of the London Newfpapers,. of the Day of Payment.

Powers of 48 G. 3. c, 1. extended to such Exchequer Bills.

Such Exchequer Bills to bear Interef! not exceed-ing 3 Id. per Cent, per Diem,

And may be taken in Payment of the Revenue after Expiration of Four Months after their Date. Bank may advance on Credit*' of Aids, notwithstanding 5 iff 6 IV, iff AT. c, 7. or any subsequent Aft Surplus of Grants for 1815 •------------------for 1816

----------- Confolidated	Fund

From Sale of Old Naval and Viftualling Stores Raifed by Exchequer

Bills under

c.5. c. 2. c. 16. c.8o. from •31

> ante.

Monies arising Lotteries Raifed byftrilh Treasury Bills c. 81. _ (granted above, $VIII.)

(------------ —>	§	ix.)

'--------------,	$	X.)

-------—,	1.)

-----------,	XI.)

-----------,	f	II.)

Granted as above* and appropriated to Ufes hereinafter expressed. See § XIII. &c.

Hosted

A-D.i8i7.

57° GEO. III.

s£*7>645,422 1	2	For Naval Services		i ; that is 1 £. s. d.

216,600 0	0	For Wages of' 19,000 Men,	4	1 180

233>700 0	0	For Viduals,		2 10

245,100 0	0	For Wear and Tearof Ships,	r j	230

22,800 0	0	For Ordnance for Sea Service,	r>	0  0  ■—v	

1,142,838 n	4i	For Ordinary Eftablifhment of the Navy		

780,759 4		For Extraordinary Ditto		

142,500 0	0	For Tranfport Service, Sick and Wounded Seamen, and Prifoners of War		

252,700 0	0	For Wages of' 19,000 Men,	i 1  D	1  -I l8 O I

272,650 0	0	For Victuals,	<	2 I O 1

285,950 0	0	P’or Wear and Tearof Ships,	£ 1	2 30"

26,600 0	0	For Ordnance for Sea Ser-vice,	< 1	.0 4 0.

1,660,000 0	0	Towards paying off the Debt Tranfport Service.		

119,026 16	6	For Tranfport Service, Sick' and Wounded Seamen, and Prifoners of War - 1		

I>333>311 *3	3i	For Ordinary Eftablifhment f of the Navy		

610,885 15	4!	For Extraordinary Ditto		

300,000 0	0	For Provifions for Troops and )		

C. ] 32:

to fay,

51.9

For 6 Months,com-mencing ift Jan. 1817.

For 7 Months, from 17 th June 1817.

XIV.	9>4I2>373	H

1,237,600 o

438,000 o 4	131,600	o

16,700 o

For 7 Months, commencing 18th June 18 x 7.

Garrifons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for ( t-,	.	~

Troops to be embarked on ^ °l e eai 1 l7* board of Ships and Tranf- | ports	-	-	J

o| For Land Forces and other Services; that is to fay,

o For Land Forces for G. B. and on Stations abroad,(excepting the Corps Rationed

in France^ and the Reg;i- ^ t\ Q >-	•

ments employed in the Ter-	.	jC%	11	0

ritorial Polfeflions of the	Une	1

E. /. Company)

O For Land Forces for Ireland j O Towards Charge of Corps, Scc. existing on the Bri-tijh Eftablifhment to 25th Dec. 1816, but now disbanded, or proposed to be wholly or partially reduced in 1817, and also for Two Regiments proposed to be transferred to the Indian Eftablifhment in the course of the said Year 18 O net Towards Charge of Corps, See. in Ireland, proposed to be reduced in the course of the Year 1817.

From

Hosted by

Googk

520

C. 132.

57° GEO. Ill,

A.D.1817.

37>5°°	0	0

15,800	0	0 net

20,500	0	0

8,300	0	0 net

393,200	0	0

82,700	0	0 net

*>237,371	5	6

For Volunteer Corps in G.B.'

----------------- Ireland

For In Penfioners of Chelsea Hofpital

From

- j> 25th Dec. 1816 to

24th June 1817,

From ^25th Dec, 1816 to 24th Dec. 1837.

For Out Penfioners of Chel- j sea Hofpital -	-	1

------------—- Kilmainham

Hofpital	-	-	J

To complete the Sum required" for Land Forces for G. B. and on Stations abroad,

(excepting the Corps Rationed in France, and the Regiments employed in the Territorial Poffeffions of the E. I. Company)

438,405 15	2	net To complete the Sum re-

quired for Land Forces in Ireland -	-

111,548 12	1	For	General and Staff Of-

ficers, and Officers of the Hofpitals serving with the Forces in G. B. and on Foreign Stations, excepting France and India 35,266 19 11 net For Ditto in Ireland *53’775	6	7	For	Allowances to the Prin-

cipal Officers of certain Public Departments in G. B* their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingencies 8,828	7	3	net For Ditto in Ireland

15,000 o o	For Medicines and Surgical'

Materials for Land Forces on the Eftablifhment of G. Band of certain Hofpital Contingencies 11,446	3	1	net For Ditto in Ireland	-	j

37,500 o o To complete the Sum required^ forVolunteerCorpsin G.B.

15,865	9	7	net For Ditto in Ireland

17,824 1 5	For Four Troops of Dra-

goons, and Twelve Companies of Foot, Rationed in G. B. for recruiting the

Corps employed in the ,	Ul

JLerritoriai Poliellions or d n.. the E. I. Company 177,360	6	o	For	Pay of General Officers

in Land Foroes, not being Colonels of Regiments upon the ERabliihment in G.B.

3,684 12	4	net For Ditto in Ireland - J

> For the Year 3817-

From

24th Dec. 1817,

Hosted

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 132.

521

£. 27,045	3	4

7’°33

127,311

6

13

For the Year 1817.

5>224 7

597>43c

5°>492

29,106

2,520

I33,462

7

17

19

o

20,519 o 4

,341 13 11 net

For Garrifons at Home and-)

Abroad, on the Eftabliffi- | ment of G, B.	-	{

inetFor Garrifons in Ireland 4 For full Pay for retired Of-" ficers, and unattached Officers of Forces on the |	From

Eftabliffiment of G. B. 25th Dec. 1816 to 10 net For Full Pay for retired Of- 24th Dec. 1817, ficers of Forces on Ella- | blifhment of Ireland - J o For Half Pay to reduced Of-1 ficers of Land Forces upon the Eftablifhment of G. B.

6 net-------------------Ireland

6 For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces upon the Eftablifhment of G. B.

----- Ireland

For Half Pay and reduced Allowances to the Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps,

Penfions to Wounded Officers, and Allowances to the Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers To complete the Sum required for In Penfioners of Chelsea Hofpital -—---------- Kilmainham	Hof-

11 net o

393,26°

82,708

80,770

*5 4

net

pital -

-----------Out	Penfioners of Chelsea Hofpital - Out Penfioners of

From

j> 25 th Dec. 1816 to 24th Dec. 1817.

18,214

163,502

59,500 o

19,672	6	1

Kilmainham Hofpital 0 For Penfions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines upon the Ella-bliffiment of G. B.

o net *—--------------- Ireland

7 For Allowances on Compaf-fionate Lift to Officers for Wounds	-

o For Allowances to Reduced Adjutants of Local Militia in G. B.

For Allowances, Compenfa-tions and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuate tion or retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several Public Departments, in respect for their having

Hosted

522

C. 132.

57° GEO. HI.

A.D. 1817*

5$94

35*°°°

i o net

held Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature ----------   Ireland

131,714 o o

To

16,747

83,038

500,649

194,566

20,000 O

I5I>439 19 11,076 18

For Fees expected to be paid at the Exchequer on Iftues for Army Services for the Britijlo Eftablifhment - j

o complete the Sum required for Corps, See. ex-ifting on the Brttijh Eftablifhment on 25th Dec. 1816, but now disbanded, or proposed to be wholly or partially reduced in 1817 ; and also for Two Regiments proposed to be transferred to the Indian Eftablifhment in the course of the fa id Year.

o net To complete the Sum required for Corps, Sec. in Ireland, proposed to be reduced in the course of the Year 1817. o For the Service of the Barrack")

Department in G. B. o For Supply of Bread, Meat and Forage, Coals, Candles,

Straw and Furniture, for the Troops in G. B. and }> For the Year 1817 for casual Supplies of the Troops on Foreign Stations, and also for the Pay of the Commiflariat Department -ioJnetFor the Commiflariat Depart--^ ment in Ireland o net For Pay and Allowances of

Contingent I .	~

Y,o„Ly h'V>“

From

1816 to

207,832	7	0

124,522	17	5

1,400,000	0	0

100,000	0	0

1,000,000	0	0

Corps onPermanent Service I 2^ ec* 1 1 in Ireland	-J

91 net For Service of Barrack Department in Ireland for Three Months to 25th March 1817, calculating the Military Eftabliftiment at 4,3 £2 Cavalry and 24,287 Infantry, and for Nine Months to 24th Dec. 1817, calculating the Military Eftablifhment at 4,352 Cavalry, and 21,181 Infantry.

6 net For the External EftablifhO ment of Kdmainham Hof- > pital	-J

For the Difembodied Militia) of G. B. -	-	.	V

net------------------of	IrelandJ

For the Year ending 24th Dec. 1817.

For the Year 1817.

For Extraordinary Expencesl

of the Army for G. B.	> For theprefent Year,

for IrelandJ

To Field Marfhal the Duke of Wellington, and His Majefty’s Forces and those of His Majefty’s Allies serving under His Grace’s Command at the Battle of Waterloo and the Capture of Paris, in such manner as His Majesty shall direct, the Sum 15	of

Hosted

A.D. IS17.

57’ GEO. III.

C. 132.

523

XVI.	g£. 1,030,603	15

XVII.

100.000	O o

248.000	o o

25,000 o o

25,081 o II

25,000 o o

105,000 o o

30,831	6

15,000 o ©

For the Land Forces Service in France

of Twenty five Millions of Francs, assigned to His Majesty from the Pecuniary Indemnity payable by France under the Treaty of the 25th Day of Nov. 1815, by the Protocol of the Minif-ters of the Allied Powers of the fame Date*

From j 25th Dec. 1816 to 24th Dec. 1817. Towards the Office of Ord-l r v n nance for Land Service - j For the Year 1817-For the Office of Ordnance 1	From

for Land Service for Great > the I ft Jan. to the Britain -	-	-	-J	30th June 1817.

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1815.

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, and not provided for by Parliament for the Year 1816.

For Expences of Redu£fion"| in the Office of Ordnance for Land Service in Great Britain -For the Office of Ordnance for Great Britain on account of the Allowances to Superannuated, Retired and I	From

Half Pay Officers, to Of- > I ft Jan. to 30th fleers seconded, and to Of-	June	1817.

cers for good Services, to Superannuated and disabled Men, also for Penfions to Widows and Children of | deceased Officers late belonging to the several Ord-. nance Military Corps For Allowance to Superannuated and Half Pav Officers, to Superannuated and Difabled Men, also for Penfions to wounded Officers late belonging to the several Ordnance Military Corps in Great Britain, and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1816.

For Allowances, Compenfa-*' tions and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances, to Persons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Great Britain, in refpedf of | their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for the Charge of Widows*

Penfions

Hosted

524

C. 132.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

a£-7 2,000 O

7,000 o

L7 5°

348,959 19

63,186 15	3

25,000 o o

105,728

15,008

9 5

From ill to 30th June 1817.

For the Office of Ordnance for Ireland -For the Office of Ordnance in Ireland on account of the Pay of Retired Officers of J> the late Royal Irijh Artillery and of Royal Engineers, and of Penfions to Widows of deceased Officers of the fame -For Allowances, Compenfa-tions and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances, to Performs late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Ire* land, in respect of their having held any Public Of-ces or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for the Charge of Widows’

Pen lions In full for the Office of Ord-^ nance for Land Service for |

Great Britain	-	- j>	For the Year 1817,

In full for the Office of Ord- | nance for Ireland	-	-J

In full for Expences of Reduction in the Office of Ordnance for Land Service in Great Britain in the Year 1817.

In full for the Office of Ord-"1 nance for Great Britain on account of the Allowances to retired General Officers, to Superannuated, Retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers seconded, and to Officers for good Services, to Superanuated and Difa-bled Men, also for Peniions to Widows and Children of | deceased Officers late belonging to the several Ordnance Military Corps In full for Allowances, Com-penfations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances, to Persons late belonging to the Office of |

Ordnance in Great Britain, in refpe£t of their having held any Public Offices or ]

Employments of a Civil

}> For the Year 1817.

Hosted by

A.D.1817-

C. 132.

525

57° geo. nr.

g£.7,000

>750

XVIII. i 1,000,000 O

XIX.

XX.

13,000,000

1,235,000

XXI. 3,080,000 o o

XXII.

XXIII.

XXIV,

12,152,000

1,689,900

Civil Eftablifhments, viz.

Nature, and also for the Charge of Widows’ Pen-lions -In full for the Office of Ordnance in Ireland on account of the Pay of Retired Officers of the late Iri/Jo Artillery and Engineers, and of Pen (ions to Widows of deceased Officers of the fame -	-	-	I

In full for Allowances, Com-penfations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances, to Persons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Ireland, in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for the Charge of Widows’ Penfions -	-	)

For discharging Outftanding Exchequer Bills una der 56 G. 3. r.4.

Ditto--------<7.54,

(Irijh Currency) Treasury Bills issued in Ireland under 53 G.3. c.61. and 56 G. 3. <7.41.

(Britijh Currency) Treasury Bills liTued for Ire-land pursuant to 56 G.3. c,41, 42, and 47^ Exchequer Bills charged on the Aids of 1816, Ditto - under 55 G. 3. c. 196.

XXV.

15,814 0	0	Sierra Leone.

13,440 0	0	Nova Scotia.

12,815 0	0	Neva South Wales -

11,325 0	0	Upper Canada.

6,247 10	0	New Brunswick,

5,485 0	0	Newfoundland,

3,826 0	0	Saint John (Prince Edward Ijland),

3>301 10	0	The Bahama I/lands, in addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and the incidental Charges attending the fame.

2,550 0	0	Cape Breton,

600 0	0	Dominica.

200,000 0	0	For such Expences of a Civil Nature in Great Britain as do not form Part ol the ordinary Charges of the Civil Lift.

: ,900,000 0	0	For discharging Intereft on Exchequer Bills.

330,000 0	0	Being the Hundredth Part of) the Sum of Thirty three J Millions of Exchequer Bills |

Hosted

526

A.D. 1817.

C. 132.

^.41,229 8 4

28,155	4 9

34>4*5	5 5

75,300 o o

80.000	o o

57.000	o o

2,552 12	3

815	8	4

3.500	o o

3.250	o o

3.250	o o

8.500	o o

6,472 17 o

21,000 O O

8,197	6	8

57° GEO. III.

For the Year ending • the 1 ft Feb. 1818.

To be paid without any Fee or other Deduction.

For the Year 1817.

From the 25th Bee. 1816, to 24th Bee. 1817.

authorized in the last Seflion of Parliament to be issued and charged upon the Aids granted in the present Sef-fion, by Quarterly Payments to be placed to the Account of the Commif-fioners of the National Debt j For discharging on the 5th of 1 April 1817 certain Annui-J ties granted by 37 & 42 G. 3. J For the Royal Military College

For the Royal Military Afy-lum at Chelfea

For the confining, maintaining"] and employing Convi&s at home -For Bills drawn, or which may be drawn, from New South Wales -For printing Adis of Parliament for the two Houfes of Parliament, for the She-riffs,Clerks of the Peace and }> For the Year 1S17. Chief Magistrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the Adling Justices throughout Great Britain; also for printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the House of Lords For printing 1,250 Copies of Vol. 49. of Journals of the House of Peers.

To make good the Deficiency of the Grant of 1816, for printing 1,750 Copies of Vol. 69. of Journals of the House of Commons.

Expence that may be incurred in 1817 for printing 1,750 Copies of Vol. 70. of Journals of the House of Commons.

------------------Vol. 7 r.

------------------- Vol. 72.

Reprinting Journals and Re-J

ports of the House of > For the Year 1817, Commons -	-	-	j

To makegood Deficiency of Grant for 1816 for reprinting Journals and Reports of the House of Commons.

For printing Bills, Reports and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, during the present Seflion.

To make good the Deficiency of the Grant of 1816 for printing Bills? Reports and other Papers, by

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

s£'2,$QO O O

4>895 6 o

13>5° o o o 3,000 o o

20,000 O O 4,000 o o

266

3 4

J,95;o o o

33l io o

620

o O

20,000 O O

2,695	18	IO

3,000	O	0

8,577	16	5

? 0,000	O	0

I 1,400	O	0

C. 132.	527

of Commons, during the

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

Order of the House last Session.

For printing the Votes for the House of Commons during the present Sefiion of Parliament.

For Superintendance of AliO

ens according to 56 G. 3, > For the Year 1817.

r. 86.

For American Loyalifts'

For confining and main taining criminal Lunatics For Law Charges For extraordinary Expenees

for Profccutions, &c. re- j> For the Year 1817. lating to the Coin of this Kingdom For Superannuation Allow- ] f ance or Compenfation to one of the late Paymafters of Exchequer Bills For Superannuation Allowances or Compenfations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in the Office of the Com-miffioners for auditing the public Accounts For Superannuation Allowances or Compenfations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed r ^ -in the Lottery Office - ? r* \

For Superannuation Allowances or Compenfations to , retired Officers formerly employed in His Majefty’s Mint -For further Execution of 43 G. 3. c. 80. towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland For Repair of Henry the 7th7s Chapel -For the National Vaccine Eftablifiiment For Management of the Bri~\ tijh Mufeum	-	-

For defraying of Works carry-ing on at the College of |

Edinburgh, for the Year

For Penitentiary House, from 1	Pa^

the 24th June 1817, to the f , el.01 01 iei 6 24th	June 1818 -	-| d',£W

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

I

I For the Year 1817.

Hosted

528

C. 132.

57" GEO. III.

A.D. 18E

. 4c,coo

400 1o 5

300,000 o o

25,000

7,614

-i-y-

	8,951	O	6

	40,000	O	0

	20,000	0	0

	600	O	0

	2 3,000	O	0

	3000	O	0

XXVI.	246,508	H	21

	Irijlo Currency		net.

XXVII.	1,250	0	0

XXVIII. 21,514		0	0

	22,543	H	5

To. be without or other dudtion.

paid

Fee

De-

Towards building a Peniten- I tiary House at Milbanh, I for the Year 1817	-	J

To make good Deficiency of Grant in the present Session for printing 1,750 Copies of the 70th Volume of Journals of the House of Commons. For such Expences of a Civil Nature as do not form a Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil Lift. For inland Navigation from") f the Eaftern to the Weftern ' Sea, by Invernefr'?*md Fori William -To complete the original efti-mated Expence of the Works at Holyhead, Harbour, for the present Year For making a Landing Place \> <J at Port JDevargh, on the Hill of Holyhead, for the Landing of the Mails from the PacLetsby Boats, when the Wind does not enable them to reach the Harbour in time to land the Mail by the Coach -	-	-J

Supplemental Charge for Mifcellaneous Printing done by Order of the House of Commons in the Session of 1816.

For extraordinary Expences 1 of the Mint in the Gold j-For the Year 1817 Coinage For improving sundry Por-' tions of the Holyhead Roads For paying off and difcharg-ing on the 10th of October 1817 certain Annuities granted by 3 7 & 42 Geo. 3.

For maintaining and repair-"] For the Year 1817. ing the British Forts on [ “	‘

the Co aft of Africa - j For the Board of Agriculture J

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

outftanding and unprovided for on the 5th January 1817.

For the Remuneration of several Public Officers for their extraordinary Trouble, in the Year 1817.

Board of Works in Ireland For the Year 1817.

Printing, Stationery and other"

Difburfements for the Chief and Under Secretaries, Of-ces and Apartments and other Public Offices in Dublin Ga file, and fgr Riding

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57“ GEO. III.

C. 132.

529

Irifh Currency

net.

25,000	0	0

2,500	0	0

9>297	0	0

4,111	0	0

2,112	0	0

L 017	5	10

740	0	0

I 1,000	0	0

14,000 o o

.sf. 10,500 o o

3,726	5	o

Charges and other Ex-pences of the Deputy Pur-fuivants and extra MefTen- r ^ 'tr g-ers attending the laid Of- !> F°r 0n,e fices ; also fuperantiuated i lnS 5l	18	n	.

Allowances in the said Chief Secretary’s Office

Publifhing Proclamations and other Matters of a Public Nature in the Dublin Gazette and other Newfpapers in Ireland	J

Printing 1,290 Copies of a compressed Quarto Edition of the Statutes of the United Kingdom for the Magistrates of Ireland, and 250 Copies of a Folio Edition of ditto, bound for the Ufe of the Lords, Biffiops and Public Officers in Ireland.

Criminal Profecutions and" other Law Expences

Apprehending Public Offenders

For completing the Sum for the Support of Non Conforming Miniflers -	j

For Support of the fecedingl	From

Minifters from the Synod > 2March 1817 to of Uljler	-	J	25th March 1818.

For Salaries of the Lottery] For One Year end-Officers	J	ing24th June 1817.

For Pratique of the Port of f , From

Dublin -	-	j	25t w"- l8o5 t0

I. 5th Jan. 1817.

For Clothing Battle-axe] For 18 Months, Guaz'ds	5	from ill Dec. 1817.

For completing Works of the Harbour of Honvth, in addition to the Balance in the Hands of the Commissioners, and of the Sale of the Machinery, Barges, Ligliters, Railways, Tools and other Implements.

To carry on the Works at Dunmore Harbour in the Current Year.

f For the Year ending I 5th Jan. 1818.

From 5th Jan. 1817 to 5th Jan. 1818.

XXIX.

43,333 6 8	For Civil Contingencies

Sterling.

4,000 o onet.For the Board of Inland Navigation.

Irijh Currency net,

10,000 o o

ld7

d

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1818.

20,000 O O

57 Geo. III.

For building Churches and"

Glebe Houfes and purchaf-ing Glebes

To the Trufkees and Commissioners of Fir ft Fruits, to be by them employed towards the building, rebuilding and enlarging of Churches and Chapels,

M m

Hosted by

£30

a 132.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181?.

XXX.

Irtjh Currency net. 21,600 o o

12,000	0	0

3co	0	0

' 35°	0	0

35>225	0	0

39,701	0	0

7,920	0	0

8*399	0	0

2,985	0	0

3,000	0	0

9,010	0	0

	0	0

1,590	0	0

5,000	0	0

5°4	0	0

3,7x6	0	0

1 *3	0	0

9 J53	0	0

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1818.

the building of Glebe Houfes and procuring Glebes, in such manner as they shall think fit.

For Trustees of the Linen and")

Hempen Manufactures, to ‘ be by them applied in such manner as shall appear to them to be moil conducive to promote and encourage the said Manufactures For Commifiioners for making wide and convenient Streets in Dublin For an additional Allowance

to the Chairman of the Board > For the Year 1817. of Inland Navigation - j For the Royal Irifli Academy 1 For the Year ending in the City of Dublin j 5th Jan. 1818. For the Foundling Hofpital^) at Dublin -	-	I

" For the House of Indullry j and Afylums for industrious \

Children in Dublin	1

For the Richmond Lunatic |

Afylum at Dublin For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers’ Children at Dublin

For the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin For the Female Orphan House in the Circular Road, Dublin For the IVeJlmorland Lock Hofpital in Dublin For the Lying-in Hofpital in Dublin

For DoClor Stevens’s Hofpital -For the House of Recovery and Fever Hofpital in Cork Street, Dublin For the Hofpital for Incurables at Dublin For the Affociation for dif-countenancing Viceand promoting the Knowledge and PraCtice of the Christian Religion For the Green Coat Hofpital for the City of Cork -For defraying the Sums required in furtherance of federal ObjeCts of the Society

\

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1818.

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 132.

531

Irijh Currency net*

o

O

XXXI.

XXXII.

XXXIII.

XXXIV.

for promoting the Education of the Poor For the Dullin Society -For the Farming Society of Ireland For the Cork Inftitution For the Proteftant Charter Schools of Ireland For the Roman Catholic Seminary. -Supplies to be applied for the Purpofes aforesaid.

Rules for Application of Half Pay.

Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles.

Chaplains of Regiments although in Pofleffion of Ecelefiaf-

10,000

4,918

2,500

4r>539

9,673 o o

tical Benefices.

XXXV. Application of Overplus of Sum under 56 Geo. 3. c. 142. f

f [But in this Seftion the Title of the Aft 55 Geo. 3. c. 187 is recited injlead of the Title of 56 Geo. 3. c. 142.]

M m 2

Hosted

532	a	i.	57°	GEO-III.	A.D.	1317-

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N. B. — The Continuance offuch of thefollowing Afts as are Temporary will he known (where it Is not expressly fated) by refer-ring to the following Lif, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title,

(a) For 21 Tears, <Ac, [i. e. to the End of the next SeJfion\ from a Day named in the Aft,

( h ) For 21 Tears, &c,from the pajjing of the Aft,

(r) For 21 Tears, &c, after the End of the Term under former Afts,

The following are all Public Acts ; to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

44 And be it further enabled, That this A€t shall be deemed “ and taken to be a Public A&, and shall be judicially taken “ Notice of as such by all Judges, Juflices and others, without 44 being specially pleacted,”

j 6 G. 3. c. xxi.

Cap. i.

An Add to extend the Limits of an A£t, made in the lad Seilion of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals in certain Parifhes in the Counties of

Middlesex and Esex,	[4	th	March	1817.]

4 \1[7^EREAS hy an	Parliament made in the Fifty

*	VV sixth Year of the Reign of His prefect Majesty, intituled

*	An Aft for preventing Frauds in the Admeafurement and Delivery of 4 Coals within the several Parijloes in the County of Middlesex lying 4 between the Parijh of Saint Luke Chelsea, and the Mouth of the 4 River Colne, near Staines ; and also between Limehoufe Hole and 1 the Mouth of the River Lee, near Blackwall; and also within the 4 several Parifloes in the Counties- of Middlesex and EfTex adjoining to 4 both Banks of the River Lee, and the Branches thereof between the 4 River Thames and Edmonton, a Public Office was directed to be 4 provided or continued at or near Hammersmith, in the said County

4	of Middlesex, which should be deemed and taken to be the Principal 6 Land Coal Meter’s Office for the several Parifhes, Hamlets and c Places in the County of Middlesex lying upon and adjoining to the

5	North Side or Bank of the River Thames, between the Parifh of c Saint Luke Chelsea, and the Mouth or Entrance of the said River

4 Colne,

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

CA.

533

4 Colne, near Staines ; and also between Limehoufe Holey and the 4 Mouth or Entrance of the said River Lee, or Bow Creek ; and 4 also for the several Pariffies in the Counties of Middlesex and EJfex 4 lying upon or adjoining to the said River Lee, or Bow Creek, and 4 of every Stream or Branch thereof, on both Sides or Banks thereof 4 respectively, situate between the said River Thames and the said 4 Pari(h of Edmonton; that is to fay, the federal Parifhes, Hamlets 4 and Places of Saint Luke, Fulham, Hammersmith, Chifwick, Ealing,

4 Brentford, Harwell, IJleworth> Twickenham, Teddington, Hampton,

4 Sunbury, Shepperton, Laleham, Staines, Saint Anne Limehoufe (ex-4 cept so much thereof as is situate between Tower Dock and Lhne-4	Hole),	Poplar	and Blackwall, in the Parifh ol Stepney ; Saint

4 Leonard Bromley, Saint Mary Stratford-le^Bow, Saint John at 4 Hackney, and Tottenham, in the County of Middlesex ; and ^//

4 Saints, Wejl Ham and Leyton, in the County of EJfex ; and Three 4 Subordinate Offices were directed to be provided and continued at 4 the refpeflive Places following ; (that is to fay), One at Stratford-4 le-Bow m the County of Essex, and One at Brentford, and another 4 at Stamford Hill, in the said Countv of Middlesex ; and Abraham 4 Sanderfon of the Pariffi of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex,

4 Gentleman, was thereby nominated and appointed the Principal 4 Land Coal M ter for executing the Provifions of the said Aft, and 4 the Manager of the several Offices thereby directed to be provided 4 for the time and in the manner therein mentioned, and certain Pro-4 visions and Regulations were thereby made for preventing Frauds 4 in the Admeafurement and Delivery of Coals within the several 4 Pariffies and Places in the said Aft mentioned : And Whereas it is 4 apprehended, that if the Provifions of the said Aft were extended to 4 the several Pariffies of All Saints Edmonton, and Saint Andrew 4 Enfield, in the County of Middlesex ; Saint Margaret Barking,

4 Great Ilford, Little Ilford and Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy 4 Cross, commonly called Waltham Abbey, in the County of EJfex /

4 and Saint Mary Chejhunt, in the County of Herts, they would 4 be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof respectively May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King's Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the paffitig of this Aft, the said Principal and Subordinate Land Coal Meter's Office, direfied to be provided and continued by the said recited Aft, ffiall be and be deemed and taken to be the Principal and Subordinate Land Coal Meter's Office, not only for the Places included within the Limits of the said recited Aft, but also for the Pariffies and Places hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fay,) the said Pariffies of All Saints Edmonton and Saint Andrew Enfield, in the County of Middlesex ; the said Pariffies of Saint Margaret Barking, Great Ilford, Little Ilford and Saint Law rend Waltham Holy Cross, commonly called Waltha?n Abbey, in the County of EJfex ; and the said Pariffi of Saint Mary Chejhunt, in the County of Herts ; and that the said Abraham Sanderfon ffiall be the Principal Land Coal Meter for the fame Pariffies, as well as for the Pariffies and Places comprised within the Limits of the said recited Aff : Ifcovided always, that in addition to the Land Coal Meter's Offices

Mm3	already

The Principal and Subordinate Coal Meter’s Offices in the laid Ait to be tor certain other Parifhes herein mentioned.

Hosted

534

C. i— iii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Piovifions of 36 G. 3. cxxi. extended to this A& for Parifhes herein mentioned.

Public A&.

already established under the said recited Aft, there shall be an Office to be situated in Edmonton or V/altham Abbey aforesaid, and another Office to be situated in Barbing or Ilford aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the passing of-this Aft, all the Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Direftions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in the said recited Aft of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the said Parifhes of All Saints Edmonton, Saint Andrew Enfeld, Saint Margaret Barbing, Great Ilford, Little Ilford and Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy Cross, commonly called Waltham Abbey, and Saint Mary Chejhunt, and ffiall operate and be in force according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, as ■fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if the said Parilhes of All Saints Edmonton and Saint Andrew Enfield Saint Margaret Barbing, Great Ilford, Little Ilford, Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy Cross, commonly called Waltham Abbey, and Saint Mary Che/hunt, had been originally comprised within the Limits of the said Land Coal Meter’s Offices appointed to be provided and ■continued by the said Aft, or as if the fame Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Direftions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things were particularly repeated and reenafted in the Body of this Aft, and the Names of the said Parilhes of All Saints Ed-montony Saint Andrew Enjieldy Saint Margaret Barbing, Great Ilford, Little Ilford, Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy Cross, commonly called ■Waltham Abbey and Saint Mary Chejhunt, were always inserted therein, and in every Oath to be taken, and Ticket delivered in pursuance thereof, together with the Names of the Parifhes and Places in the said Aft mentioned, when and as often as the fame Names shall occur, and the Title of this Aft were inserted in addition to the Title of the said recited Aft in all Forms appointed to be used by the said Aft, in which the Title of the said recited Aft is directed to be inserted.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap♦ ii.

An Aft for paving the Footways, and for lighting and cleaniing the Streets, Lanes and Public Places within the Town and Borough of Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, and for preventing Nui-fances therein.	[37th	March	1817.]

17 G.3.C.90.

38 G. 3. c.5$. except as- repealed, continued for 21 Years, &c.

Cap. iii.

An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of the Seventeenth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Henfield to Brighthelmjlone, and from Poyning’s Common to High Cross, in the County of Sujfex ; and for repealing so much of the said Afts as relates to certain Parts of the said Roads, (b)	[ 17th March 1817.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted.

One Half additional Toll on Sundays .J

Cap.

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C'. iv—ix.

535

Cap. iv.

An A& for more effectually repairing the Roads from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyrs Gutter, in the County of the City of Coventry, and in the County of Warwick. (£)

[17th March 1817.]

v.

An A& for repairing the Road from the Cross Hands, on the Worcester and Oxford Turnpike Road, to Halford Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester, Warwick and Worcester. (b)	[17th March 1817.3

Cap. vi.

An A£t for enlarging the Term and Powers of several A&s of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Shrewsbury to Bridgnorth, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford. (c)

[17th March 1817.]

[Additional Trijlees.~]

Cap. vii.

An ACl for making better Provifion for the Support and Maintenance of the Re<5tor of the Pariffi of Saint Olave, in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for providing a more convenient Re<ftory or Parfonage House for the said ReSor.

[17th March 1817.] EProvifo for His Majejly’s Right as Patron.J

Cap. viii.

An A61 for further continuing, until the First Day of Augufl One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Sellion of Parliament, the Powers given by an Aft of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the fame into Effeft.

[17th March 1817.]

Cap. ix.

An ACt for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majefty’s Judges at the Affizes for the County of Northampton.	[29th	March 1817.]

*	TT7HEREAS the Lodgings in the Town of Northampton, in

*	VV which His Majefty’s Judges have heretofore resided during < their Attendance at the Affizes for the County of Northampton, c are very inconvenient, and do not afford proper and suitable Accom-4 modation to them during their Refidence in the said Town : And

*	Whereas the Justices of the Peace for the said County assembled c at the Quarter Seffions holden at Northampton on the Seventeenth 6 Day of October One thousand eight hundred and lixteen, having

*	duly considered the Propriety of procuring a better Accommoda-

*	tion for the Judges, were of opinion that such Accommodation 6 ought to be procured ; and that there apjfears no Mode of pro-

M m 4>	‘	curing

27 G. a. c. 42.

16 G. 3. c. 81. 36 G. 3. c. 133,

25 G. 2. c. 49-5 G. 3. c. 86.

12 G. 3. c.77. subject to Aiterations, See. herein, continued foe 2i Years, Sec.

46 G. 3. c.cxxxiii. 50 G. 3. c. 203. 52 G.3. c. 188. 46 G. 3. e.133. further continued.

536

C. ix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1S17-

Judices at Quarter Sedions en-aided to make Orders for providing Lodgings for the Judges.

Clerk of the Peace to be re munerated for his Trouble in executing this

a a.

Quart er Sedions may borrow Money on the Credit of the County Rates for Purpofes of A<5L

* curing suitable Accommodation for them but the taking on Leafe 4 from time to time, or by purchasing, repairing or building of some 4 House for that Purpose, and'for which the Expenditure of a con-4 iiderable Sum of Money will be necessary But as the fame cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majelty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majeify, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That at the next General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace to be holden after the palling of this Adt at Northampton, in and for the said County of Northampton, and afterwards at any subsequent General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, it Hi all and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County then and there assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make from time to time such Order or Orders for taking on Lease, purchasing, building, repairing, providing and fur-nifhing, in the Town of Northampton aforesaid, any proper House, or any Piece or Pieces of Land or Hereditaments whereon a House may be built, with suitable Offices and Accommodations for the Relidence of His Majefty’s Judges at the Affixes for the said County, with their Officers and Attendants, and for tranfadling the Bulinefs ufuallv tranfadtea at the Lodgings of His Majefty’s Judges during the Aflizes, as to them the said Justices so assembled, or the major Part of them, shall from time to time appear expedient or necessary, and for paying, discharging and defraying all the Expences, Coifs and Charges of and attending the taking, purchasing or renewing of any Leafe or Leases, or the purchasing, erecting, building, repairing, providing and furnishing of such House, Piece or Pieces of Lands and Hereditaments, and of effedting and carrying into Execution the several Purpofes of this Adt, by and out of the Public Stock or County Rates ; subject to such Reftridtions arid Provifions as are hereinafter contained ; and that such Order or Orders for the purchasing or building of any House for the permanent Accommodation of the said Judges maybe made and carried into Execution at any time hereafter, notwithstanding any previous Order or Orders shall be made for the taking or purchasing the Leafe of any House or Houfea for their temporary Accommodation.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace assembled at any General or Quarter Sefiions for the said County, from time to time to order and direct such Salary or Allowance to be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Adt, or out of the County Rates, to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northampton for the time being, or his Deputy, for afiifting in the Execution of this Adt, or for executing any Rules, Orders or Regulations to be made in pursuance thereof, as shall be thought reafonabie by the said Justices.

III.	And for the more eftedtually carrying into Execution the Powers of this Adt, be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace, or the major Part of such Justices, to borrow and take up at legal or lower Intereft any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the Rates to be made, raised and aflefied upon and within

the

57* GEO. III.

C.ix.

537

the said County, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or afiign over any such Rates to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money, or to his, her or their Truftee or Trustees, as a Security for the Repayment of any Money to be advanced for the Purpofes of this Ad, with Intereft as aforesaid ; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Afiignments shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall be, in proportion to the Sums in such Securities mentioned,

Creditors on the said Rates equally one with another, without any Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages or Afiignments ; and every such Mortgage or Afiignment shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law for the Purpofes thereby intended ; all which Mortgages or Afiignments shall be in the Form or to the Effedl following ;

(that is to fay,)

: WS: A. B.f one of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace, and 4 Chairman of the Court of Quarter Sefiion of the Peace for 4 the County of Northampton, hoiden at Northampton the 4 Day of	, and C. D.> E. F,, G. H. and I. AT.,

4 Four other of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace acting for the 4 said County, and assembled in the said Court, in pursuance of the 4 Powers to us given by an Adi passed in the Fifty seventh Year of 4 the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An 4 AEtfor providing a convenient House, with fuitahle Accommodations,

4 for His Majejly’s Judges at the Affixes for the County of North**

4 ampton, do hereby in open Court mortgage and charge all the 4 Rates to be railed within the said County under the Defcription 4 of County Rates, by the Laws now in being, with the Payment 4 of the Sum of	which	A. M. of

4 hath proposed and agreed to lend, and hath now actually advanced 4 and paid for the Purpofes of the said Adt ; and we do hereby con-4 firm and establish the fame unto the said A. AT., his Executors,

4 Adminiftrators and Afiigns, for securing the Repayment of the 4 said Sum of	and	Intereft	for	the	fame	after	the

i Rate of	for	One	hundred Pounds for a Year ;

*	and do hereby order the Treasurer of the Weftern Divifion of the

*	faid County to pay the Intereft of the said Sum of

‘ half yearly, as the fame shall become due, until the Principal shall ‘ be discharged.*

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Securities for respective Persons entitled to any of the Securities to be given for Money to be Money advanced for the Purpofes of this Adi, and their respective trans^rib^» Executors, Adminiftrators or Afiigns, at any time by Writing under their Hands and Seals to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons wbomfoever ; and Copies of all Mortgages and Afiignments which shall be made in pursuance of this Adi, and Extradls or Memorials of all Transfers thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County ; which Extradls or Memorials shall specify and contain the Dates,

Names of the Parties and the Sums of Money thereby secured, to which Book any Person interested shall at all seasonable times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to infpedl the fame without Fee or Reward ; and for the Entry of every such Transfer the said Clerk of the Peace shall be paid, by the Person to whom fuch

Transfer

Hosted

C.ix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

538

The Money to he expended rot to exceed 7,oooI.

Expeiices of the Aft.

Quarter Seffions enabled to pur-chafe Houles and Lands for the Purpofes of this A6t.

Bodies Politic, &c. enabled to

Ml

Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings and no more ; and after such Entry made of any such Transfer, every such Transfer so entered shall entitle the Person to whom the fame shall be made, and his, her and their respective Executors, Adminiftrators and Afsigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money to be expended in the purchasing, building, eredling, providing, fitting up and furnishing such House, Buildings, Lands, Offices, Accommodations, Furniture and Appurtenances as are by this A# directed, shall not in the whole exceed the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid to raise any further Sum or Sums of Money, over and above the said Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, which shall be found wanting to discharge and pay all the Cofts, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Adi, together with lawful Interefl for any Money which may be lent or advanced by any Person or Persons for that Purpofe.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices 10 assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to treat, contract and agree with the Owners of and Persons in-terelled in any Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments which they shall judge to be proper or necessary for the Purpofes of this Adi, for the Purchafe or Letting thereof, and by and out of the said public Stock and County Rates of the said County to pay or cause to be paid for the Purchafe of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, or for a Fine on the granting or renewing the Leafe or Leafes thereof, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between such Owners and Persons interested as aforesaid and the said Justices, and also the Cofts and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase, or the granting or renewing of any such Leafe or Leafes as aforesaid ; and upon Payment of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchafe or Leafe of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, or any Two or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen or Agents, at any time thereafter, to enter upon and take Poffeffion of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments ; and the fame shall be conveyed or leafed to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northampton for the time being for the Purpofes of this A#.

VII.	And be it further ena#ed, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Hulbands, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, Committees, and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Succeffors, but also for and on behalf of their Cejlui que Trusts, whether Infants, Iffue unborn, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seized, possessed of or interested in any of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, to treat, contra# and agree with the said Justices,

or

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. ix.

539

or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, for the Sale or Letting of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and of all or any Part of their Intereft therein, or in any Part thereof, and to Convey or lease the fame to such Person or Persons for the Purpofes of this A6t, and in such manner as they the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall direct, and as Occafion shall require; and all Contracts, Sales, Leafes and All Contrafts to Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and be valld* Purposes, any Law, Statute, Ufage or other matter to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding ; and all and every such Bodies Politic, Trustees, &c. Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Hufbands, indemnified, Trustees, Feoffees, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, Committees and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Adt.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be Application of agreed to be paid for the Purchafe or Leafe of any Houses, Build- Competition ings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased or leafed by when amounting virtue of the Powers of this A6t for the Purpofes thereof, which to or exceeding shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to 2,00 any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian,

Committee or other Truftee, for or on behalf of any Infant, Lunatic,

Idiot, Feme Covert or other Cejlui que Trust, or to any Person or Persons whose Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any other Person or Persons under any other Difability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the fame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of jEngland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Justices of the Peace for the County of Northampton, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Dire&ion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or in or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the laid Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affetfting any other Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Trusts, Intents or Purpofes ; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame shall be laid out and invested, under the like Diredion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchafe of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon such and the like Ufes,

Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner, as the Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased or taken on Leafe as aforesaid stood fettled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making the Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Efsect; and in the meantime and until such Purchafe shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his

Name

Hosted by c^

C.ix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I817.

Application where the Commentation is less than 200I. and exceeds 20I.

Application where the Money is less than 20I.

Refpe£ting disputed Title:,

Name in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpofes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchafe or Settlement were made.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted; That if any Money so agreed to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased or leafed for the Purpofes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Difability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed ; or otherwise the fame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trullees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the Juflices of the Peace for the said County ; such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredlion or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

X.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed to be paid as last before mentioned shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall be applied to the Ufe of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased or leafed for the Purpofes of this Adi, in such manner as the said Juslices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall think fit ; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit <>f such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Queftion shall a rife touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Adi, for the Purchafe of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Eslate, Right or Interefl in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank

Annuities

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.ix.

541

Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in PofTeffion of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the PofTeffion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such PofTeffion, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such PofTeffion was a wrongful PofTeffion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Eftate or Intereft therein.

XII.	Provided always^ and be it further enacted, That where by The Court may reason of any Difability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or order reasonable Corporation entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements Expences of Pur-or Hereditaments to be purchased or taken on Leafe under the Au- chafes to be paid thority of this A <51, the Purchafe Money for the fame shall be re- e u ,ces* quired to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in pursuance thereof, it fhall

be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all such last mentioned Purchafes from time to time to be made in pursuance of this A<51, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem rea-fonable, together with the necessary Cofts and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Justices of the Peace out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this A<5t, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purpofes as the said Court shall direct.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That as soon as such House, Clerk of the Buildings and Accommodations shall have been provided and fur- Peace to give nished, and put into a proper State for the Reception of His Ma- Notice to the jefty’s Judges as aforesaid, it. shall be lawful for the Clerk of the ^oufe'&cVv/ Peace for the County of Northampton for the time being, and he is completed.* hereby required, forthwith to give Notice thereof to the High Sheriff

of the County of Northampton for the time being ; and it shall be lawful for such Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, within Eight Days previous to any Afsizes, or to any Special Commiffion of Oyer and Terminer for the Trial of Offenders, to be holden for the fame .

County, to enter upon and occupy the said House, Buildings and Offices so to be appropriated for the Accommodation of His Ma-jefty's Judges as aforesaid, and also the Furniture and Utenfils in the fame, in order that he may prepare and make ready the fame for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy delivering to the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff an Inventory or Schedule of all Furniture and Articles of Houfehold Ufe appertaining to the said House and Premises, and the said Sheriff shall be accountable for the due Care and Redelivery of the fame, all reasonable Damage or Lofs by Wear and Tear excepted ; and the said High Sheriff, Under Sheriff and every Person or Persons to be employed by them or either of them, is

Hosted

542

C.k.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181

/•

Purchaf«s under this A6t to be vested in the Clerk of the Peace.

Lands or Buildings not wanted may be refold.

and are hereby authorized and empowered to require all and every Tenant or Tenants of the said Premises, and all other Person or Persons then and there found therein, to remove and quit the fame for the Reception and Accommodation of the Judges as aforesaid, and in case of their not removing and quitting, taking to his and their Affiftance a Constable or Peace Officer, to displace and remove the Person or Persons so not removing or quitting, without being liable or subject to any Aftion for Trefpass, or any Indiftment for forcible Entry, or other wife, for so doing.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That any House, Buildings, Lands, Offices and Accommodations, and all Furniture therein so to be provided as aforesaid, with their Appurtenances, shall at all times from and after the fame shall be purchased or leased, or erested, built, finished, fitted up and furnished, be vested, and the fame are hereby declared to be vested, in the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northampton for the time being, for the Purpofe6 of this Aft ; and it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, assembled at any General or Quarter Seffions, or the major Part of them, from time to time as they shall think proper, to let any House, Building, Land, Furniture and Premifes to be purchased, leafed or provided under the Provifions of this Aft, to any Person or Persons, from Year to Year, or for any shorter Period, for the best Rent that can be gotten for the fame ; nevertheless reserving the Premifes for the Ufe of His Majefty’s Judges during the Affizes or any Special Commiffion as aforesaid, and subject to the Power hereinbefore given to enter upon the fame Eight Days previous thereto, and also reserving full Powers for the Payment of the Rent and Recovery thereof; and the Rent to be received for the fame, or so much thereof as may be requisite, shall be annually expended and applied, by Order of the said Justices, in defraying any Expences which may be incurred in cleaning, airing or repairing the said House, Buildings, Furniture and Premifes ; and in case any Surplus shall remain after such Expenditure, and after any other Payments by this Aft authorized to be made, the fame shall be annually paid to the Treasurer of the Weftern Divifion of the said County, and form Part of the public Stock or Fund of the said County.

4 XV. And Whereas it may be necessary for effecting the Pur-

*	pofes of this Aft to purchase more Land or Buildings than it may

*	be absolutely necessary to retain for the Purpofe3 of this Aft ; or

*	it may be found expedient to surrender, fell or dispose of any 1 Leafe or Leafes which may be taken or purchased under the Pro-

*	vifions of this Aft ;* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time to cause any such superfluous Land or Buildings, or any such Leafe or Leases, to be fold and disposed of, together or in Pareels, either by public Sale or private Contract, as they shall find most advantageous and convenient, and to order the fame to be conveyed, or any such Leafe or Leafes to be surrendered or assigned, by Indenture or Indentures under the Hand and Seal of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County for the time being, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contraft for and purchase the fame, or to accept of such Surrender or Surrenders, or Alignment or Alignments and to

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.ix.

543

apply the Monies to arise by such Sale or Sales, or the Money, if any, to arise by such Surrender or Surrenders, or Affignment or Affignments, to and for the Purpofes of this Adc ; but the Pur-chafer or Purchafers shall not be obliged to fee to the Application of such Purchafe Money, nor be accountable for the Mifapplication or Nonapplication thereof, or of any Part thereof; and the Receipt and Receipts of the Treasurer of the Weftern Divifion of the said County for the time being, for all such Purchafe Monies, shall be a sufficient Difcharge and Difcharges to any Person or Persons for his, her or their Purchafe Monies.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That during such time as any Allowance to House, Buildings and Offices to be provided by virtue of this Add, Sheriff for the shall be used for the Accommodation of His Majefty’s Judges at

the Afsizes, or at any Special Commiffion as aforesaid, all and every judgeJtobe paid Sum and Sums of Money allowed to the Sheriff of the said County over to the for the time being, out of His Majefty’s Exchequer, for such Lodg- Treasurer for ings and Accommodations, shall be paid over by the said Sheriff to the County, the Treasurer of the Weftern Divifion of the said County for the time being, to be taken and applied as Part of the public Stock of the said County collected under the Rates for the fame County.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That from time to time and at How the Repairs all times whenever such House, Buildings, Offices or Accommoda- are t0 be made* tions shall require Aiterations, or shall become out of Repair, or

any Furniture thereto belonging shall become unfit for the Ufe of the said Judges, then and in every such case the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall, as the fame may become necessary, direct the making of such Repairs and fup-plying of all matters, things and Furniture wanting from time to time, and the Difcharge of all Rent, Taxes and Demands upon the said House, Buildings and Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for such Justices, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized to direct that such Sum or Sums as shall be expended in the Repairs and Aiterations, or Supply of such matters, things or Furniture as may from time to time become necessary as aforesaid, if the Rent of the said Premifes shall not be sufficient for that Purpose, to be defrayed by the Treasurer of the Weftern Divifion of the said County for the time being out of any Money in his Hands of any County Rate, or to make any Rate for that Purpose; and the Treasurer of the said Weftern Divifion of the said County is hereby authorized and required to pay any Sum of Money so ordered by such Justices, and such Order shall be a sufficient Authority or Difcharge to the said Treasurer for such Money ; and that it shall be lawfulvfor the said Justices to appoint a proper Person, with a competent Salary and Allowance, to take care of the said House, Buildings and Offices, and to have the Charge of the Furniture being in the said House ; and also it shall be lawful for the said Justices to order the said House, Buildings and Offices and Furniture to be insured from Fire, and the Sum or Sums of Money so to be expended, and all Charges incident thereto, as well as any Rent payable for the said House, to be defrayed and paid out of the said County Rates, in manner aforesaid, or out of any Rents which may be received for the said House and Premifes.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace .A&ions,&c. to for the time being for the laid County may sue and be sued for or in be brought in the

respect Name of the

Hosted

541

C. ix.

570 GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Clerk of the Peace.

Limitation of Aftions.

Public A<ft.

33 g-3- c.181. as to the Road from the White Horle in West Houghton to Duxbury Stocks, repealed.

35 G'3- c. 153-con tinued for 21 Years, kc,

respect of any Claim, Contraft or other matter or thing made or done, or in any way ariling under the Authority of this Aft, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, and that no Aftion or Suit to be brought or commenced by or again ft the said Clerk of the Peace by virtue of this Aft shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace, or by any Aft of the said Clerk of the Peace done without the Confent of the said Justices, but such Clerk of the Peace for the time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Aftion or Suit nominally, but the fame shall be carried on and defended under the Direftion of the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, and the Damages (if any) shall be levied, and also all Expences be by them defrayed in like Manner as the other Charges under this Aft ; and the said Plouse, Buildings, Offices, Furniture and Appurtenances, and all Furniture, Articles, matters and things therein or thereunto belonging, or any Lands or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of this Aft, shall in any Indiftment or Indiftments be laid, alleged and described to be the Property of the said Clerk of the Peace for the time being, under the Style and Defcription of “ The Clerk- of the “ Peace for the County of Northampton Provided always, that in all and every Aftion or Aftions, Suit or Suits, to be brought and commenced as aforesaid, no Person or Persons whomsoever shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his, her or their paying or contributing towards the public Stock of the said County, or by reason of his, her or their being charged with or liable to pay any of the public Rates of the said County.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Aftion or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pur-fuance or by virtue of this Aft after Six Calendar Months next after the Faft committed, or Caufe of Aftion accrued for which such Aftion or Suit shall be so brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Aftion or Suit may plead the General Ifsue, and give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon.

XX.	And be it farther enacted, That this Aft shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and fnall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. x.

An Aft for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Wejl Houghton to Duxbury Stocks in the County of Lancaster. (Z>)

[29th March 1817.3

Cap. xi.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His pre-fent Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Towcejler to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End> in the Parifli of Hardington9 in the County of Northampton. (b)	[29th	March	1817.3

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceafi. New Tolls granted.

Additional Half Toll on Sundays*'}

st

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xii—xviii.

545

Cap. xii.

An A6t for making and maintaining a Turnpike R.oad from and out of the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Coalbrook Dale, in the Parifh of Madetev> into the Turnpike Road leading from Shiffhal to Shrewjbury, at or near a Place called Wailing Street, in the Parifh of Wellington-, alt in the County of Salop. (£)

[29th ^r/7 1817.]

T Additional Half Toll on Sundayr.] xiii.

An A61 for making and maintaining a T^urnpike Road from the Town of Cromford to the Town of Belper; and for making a Branch of Road from and out of the said Road near the River Amber, to join the Turnpike Road at Bull Bridge, all in the County of Derby, (b)	[29th	April	1817.]

Cap. xiv.

An A61 for lighting and watching Kentijb Town in the Parifh of . Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex. [23d May 1817.3

Cap. xv.

An A61 to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon

33 G- 3- c. na.

Avon Canal Navigation to raise Money to discharge their Debts, 35G-3 C*72-

and to -complete the said Canal.

Cap.

[23d May 1817.]

39 G. 3. c. lx.

49 G. 3. c. xlii. 55 G. 3. c.xxxix.

An A61 for enlarging the Term and Powers of several A6ls of the *7 G-3* c- lc>6* Seventeenth and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majessy, for 37 g-3-c- i6°* repairing the Road from Halifax to Sh field, in the West Riding ^ fo^con-6^ of the County of Tork, so far as relate to the Road from Peniftone tinued for Refi-to Sheffield.	[[23d May 1817.J due of their re-

[New Trufees.']	fpefiive Terms,

and for 21 Years,

n L ••	See. afterwards.

Cap. xvil.

An A61 to continue and amend'an A 61 passed in the Thirty fifth 35 G. 3.0.149. Year of His present Majesty for amending, widening, altering, repealed as to improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading "out of the XolUor Ro[d°m Turnpike Road between Aylejbury and Wendover, through Prince1 s frovn EHeS-Rijborougby to Wef Wycombe, in the County of Buckingham. (c) borough Church

[23d May 1817.] to Marfh and

[Royal Family, &c. exempted from Toll.! ^geahigMa-

terials for making and repairing Road, and the rest of the laid Act continued during Refidue of the

Term, and for 21 Years, &c. afterwards.

Cap. xviii.

An A61 for enlarging the Term and Powers of several A6ls passed a6G. 2. c. 67. for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of 19 G.3. c. 97. Brough under Stainmoor in the County of Wef mo r I and, by the 4iG-3-c-82. End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge in the said County, (b) t1° re'1^’ *X)<?

[23d May 1817.] SdA^conb-

[[New Trufees. Former Tolls continued until 8th July 1817, and nuedduringRefi-then New Tolls. Additional Tolls on Sundays.!

57 Geo. III.	Nn	Cap

due of the Term, and for 21 Years fcc. .afterwards.

Hosted by

546

C. xix—xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

55 G- 3- c.96.

12 G. 3. c.22. 34 G. 3. c.99. recited as expired.

54 O. 3. c. xxxii-repealed as to requiring Seven Trustees to be present at any Meeting.

Cap. xix.

An A61 to amend an A61 of the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for building a new f Church and Workhoufe in the Parifh of Bath wick, in the County of Somerset.	[23d	May	1817.]

f [Saint Mary’s.’]

Cap. xx.

An ACt for improving and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr, and for regulating VefTels resorting thereto. (a)	[23d	May	1817.]

[Provifo for His Majejly’s Ships, Csfc. and Tachts, iff c. of the Royal Family, and for 54 G. 3. c. 159.]

Cap. xxi.

An A& for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parifh of Sculcoates in the East Riding of the County of York.

[23d May 1817.]

Cap. xxii.

An A6t for amending an A& of His present Majesty, for rebuilding Newton Chapel f, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[23d May 1817.]

f \_All Saints’ Chapel.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Aft for better lighting the Streets and Houfes of the Metropolis with Gas.	[23d May 1817.]

( W/^^REAS several Streets and Houfes in the City of London c V V are now lighted to the Satisfaftion and Advantage of the In-£ habitants thereof, and the Benefit of the Public, with inflammable £ Air or Gas, produced from Coal, and conveyed by Means of Pipes : c And Whereas certain Persons who have carried on Bufmefs under £ the Firm of ‘ The City of London Gas Light and Coke Partner-£ ship,’ have expended confiderable Sums of Money in eredling e Works and laying down Pipes in the City of London, and have c entered into Contra&s with the Commifiioners of Sewere, Lamps c and Pavements of the said City of London, and several other Per-{ fons, for lighting several Streets and public Places, and also several £ private Houses, with Inflammable Air or Gas : And Whereas the

*	Perfons carrying on the said Bufinefs are not able to raise fufficient

*	Money among themselves for completing the Works necefiary for ‘ supplying with such inflammable Air or Gas the Streets and Places c which they have contracted or agreed to light as aforesaid : And c Whereas some of the said Persons are willing to relinquish their £ Shares in the said Undertaking to the others of them, and the c several other Persons hereinafter named, who 'are desirous at their c own Colts and Charges to complete and extend the said Works ; c but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority e of ParliamentMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enabled by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual

and

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xxiii.

547

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Frederick Sparrow, James Ijynn, Charles Cofield, William Pitcher, Harbut Ward, William Pocknelly James Smethurfl, Charles Hutchins, Timothy Stansfeld, James Sidney, Samuel Fijloy Timothy Tyrrell, Richard Fordy John Blackety Thomas Hadland, Henry Sparrow, Anthony Weather head, James Blackety William Kimpton, William Fortefcue, and all and every such other Person or Persons as shall from time to time become Proprietors of the Company hereby eftablilhed as hereinafter is mentioned, their respective Succeflors, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, shall be and are hereby united into a Company for supplying the Cities of London and Wejlminjlery and the Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties and Precinfts thereof respectively, with inflammable Air or Gas, and making and maintaining the Works necessary for that Purpose, under the Regulations hereinafter contained, and shall be one Body Corporate, by the Name of ‘ The City * of London Gas Light and Coke Company/ and by that Name shall from and after the palling of this Aft be and continue for and during and unto the full End and Term of Forty fix Years, and have a Common Seal, and shall and may sue and be sued ; and that from and after the palling of this Aft it shall be lawful for the said Company to make inflammable Air or Gas, and also Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Afphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and any other Products to be obtained from the Manufacture of such Air or Gas, and to fell and dispose of the fame respectively in such manner as they shall think proper.

II.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Aft it shall be lawful for the said Company to contract with the Commillioners of Sewers of the City of London, and any other Commillioners, Trustees, Persons or Bodies, having the Control, Direction or Management of the lighting of any of the Parifhes, or Extra Parochial Places, in the said Cities of London and Weft-minjlery and the Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties and PrecinCts thereof respectively, or any of them refpeCtively or adjacent thereto, or any Persons, Bodies Politic. Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, willing to contraft with the said Company for the lighting of any such Parifhes or Places, or any Streets, Roads, Highways, Lanes or Pastages, or Manufactories, Shops, Warehoufes or private Houses, or Places of public Exhibition within the said Farilhes, or Extra Parochial Places respectively.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, in whom by any Aft or Afts of Parliament, or otherwise, the Care, Superintendence and Control of lighting the fame public Streets or Roads, Ways, Lanes and Paflages aforesaid, or any Part thereof, are or shall be veiled, shall think it lit and convenient to contraft with the said Company to light the said public Streets, Roads, Highways, Lanes, Paflages or Places, or any Part of them, by means of such inflammable Air or Gas as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Company and their Succeflors, with the Approbation and under the Direftion of such Commillioners or Trnftees, or other Persons or Bodies, and under the Infpeftion of their Surveyor, to break up the Soil and Pavement of any such Streets, Roads, Ways, Lanes, Paflages and Places, and dig and fink Trenches,

N 11 2	and

Company incorporated.

Power to the Company to con. tract for lighting Streets and Houfe?-,

Power to Company, under Direction of Commissioners, &c. of Pavements, to break up the Pavement for laying Pipes, &c.

Hosted

5-'13

C. xxiii.

57°GEO. III.

A.D.181

Power to Ccm-mii?ionc-rs, &c. to determine Contradis.

1'cnvct to Company to light up I louses,&e.

and lay Pipes, and put Cocks, Syphons, Plugs or Branches from such Pipes, in such Places as aforesaid, in such manner as shall be necessary, for the Purpofe of supplying any such Light as aforesaid, and from time to time with such Approbation, and under such Direction and XnfpeCtion as aforesaid, to alter the Polition of, and to repair, relay, and maintain such Stop Cocks, Syphons and Plugs, and to do all such other ACts, matters and things as the said Company and their SuccefTors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid shall, with such Approbation, and under such Direction and InfpeCtion as aforesaid, from time to time think neceiTary and convenient for completing, amending, repairing, improving and using the fame.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall not duly perform any Contract with any such Commissioners or Trustees as aforesaid, for lighting any Parifh or Place, or Part of any Parifh or Place, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Commissioners orTruftees to determine such Contract refpeCtively, giving Six Calendar Montis Notice thereof, and then and in such case, and also at the Expiration of any such Contract, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees either to purchase the Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches of Pipes and other Materials belonging to the said Company, and employed in lighting such Parifh or Place, at such Price as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners or Trustees and the said Company, or in case the said Commissioners or Trustees shall decline so to purchase, then it shall be lawful for the said Company to remove such Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches and other Materials at the Expiration of such Contract or Determination thereof by such Notice; and in the meantime for such Commissioners or Trustees to lay such Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches and other Articles as shall be necessary for the Supply of such Parifh or Place, or Part of a Parifh or Place, at the Expiration or sooner Determination of such Contract.

V.	And be it further enabled,- That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, in such cases as to them ftiall seem meet and convenient, to carry, lit up and furnish any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches or other necessary Apparatus, from any Main Pipe laid in any Street, Way, Road, Lane, Paflage or Place by the said Company, by virtue of this ACt, in, to or through any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpofe of lighting the fame, or any public or private Lamp from any such Main, with the Confent of the Owner or Occupier of such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, but not other-wife : Provided always, that the said Company in carrying into Execution the Power hereby granted in respect of fitting up any such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, shall employ or appoint such Manufacturers of or Dealers of the Materials to be used as to the said Company shall seem meet and proper ; and such Manufacturers or Dealers shall execute the fame, under and subject to the Superintendance, Control and Direction of the said Company : Provided also, that the said Company shall not on any Account or upon any Pretence whatever employ or fet to work in fitting up any such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, any Workman or Servant, or any other Person in the Pay or Employ of the said Company ; nor shall the faid

Company

Hosted

AJD.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxiii.

549

Company themselves manufa&lire, fell or vend any of the Materials requisite, except Stop Cocks and Burners, nor directly or indirectly take or derive any Emolument, Advantage or Profit from such Works, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with full Cods of Suit, to the Party who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered by ACtion of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weji-minjler, in which no Effoign, Protection, Wager of Law nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Power.to Company /hall have full Power and Authority to lay any Main requisite for pan)r to lay the.Supply of any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, Ware- ^Ia,ns and houses, public or private Buildings, in the said Cities of London and ^uifite^cr1^^ Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties and recuiing a com-Precin&s thereof refpeCtively, or any of them refpeCtively, or adjacent petent Supply thereto, and to ereCt and fet up, by themselves, or their Agents, of Gas toDwel-Servants and Workmen, any Machine or other Apparatus necessary lm? H°ules» fvc* or requisite for securing to such Dwelling House or Houses, Manu- ^mend imperfect factories, Warehouses, public or Private Buildings, a proper and com- Work, petent Supply of Gas, or for measuring and ascertaining the Extent of

such Supply ; and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which shall have been placed in such Dwelling Houses,-Manufactories,

Warehouses, public or private Buildings, any thing in this ACt to

the contrary thereof in any wise not with (landing : Provided always, Company not to

that nothing in this ACt contained shall extend or be construed to break up Pave-

extend to permit or authorize or empower the said Company, or any

Officer or Person appointed or employed by the said Company, or CommiiTioners

any other Person or Persons whomsoever, at any time or times here- orTruttees in

after, to break or take up or remove any Stones, Ground, Soil or Writing,

Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatsoever or

whereloever, in order to lay down any. Main Pipe or Pipes to convey

Gas, without the Confent of the Cotnmiffioners, Trustees or other

Persons baying the Superintendance or Control or Property of or in

such Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any such Streets,

Roads, or public Places, or a competent Number of them, from

time to time, in Writing first obtained; but that nothing in this ProvifoforCom--

Claufe contained shall be deemed or construed to extend to prevent pany repairing

the said Company from repairing such Main Pipes, after such Confent	PlPes<

obtained as aforesaid, or from breaking or taking up or removing

any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of any Streets, Roads

or public Places whatsoever, for the Purpofe of laying down or

repairing any Service Pipe or Pipes leading from such Main Pipes,

after such Confent so obtained as aforesaid.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or Reftrf&ions re-for the Hid Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under fpe&ing breaking their Authority, after such Confent shall have been given as aforesaid, UP lavements, to break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements or Ground in any Streets, Roads, Lanes or public Places,

for the Purpofe of making or laying down or repairing any Main

or Mains of Pipes, or any Pipe or Pipes, or of altering the Pofition

of or repairing any Pipes, Stop Cocks, Valves or Syphons, or other

Works, or for any other Purpose, unless Notice in Writing of their Notice of breal

Intention to break or take up such Pavement or Ground, signed by ing up,

the Principal Clerk or Secretary, or Infpeclor or Surveyor to the

N n 3	laid.

Hosted

550

C, xxiih

57° GEO.I1L

A.D.1817.

said Company, specifying the Street, Road, Lane or public Place, and the particular Part of such Street, Road, Lane or public Place, in which such Pavement or Ground is intended to be broken or taken up, shall have been given to a Surveyor of the Pavements or Roads for the time being (duly appointed and notified in pur-fuance of any Adi of Parliament now or hereafter in force for that Purpofe) of the Parochial or other Diilridl or Place wherein such Street, Road, Lane or public Place, the Pavement, Ground or Soil whereof is so intended to be broken or taken up shall be situate, or shall have been left for him at his Dwelling House or Office within such Parochial or other Diflridl or Place, for the Space of Three Hours at the least before such Pavement or Ground or any Part thereof shall be so broken or taken up, except in all cases of sudden Emergency, in which such Notice as aforesaid shall be given to such Surveyor of Pavements or Roads as soon as possible after such Pavement or Ground or any Part thereof shall be broken or taken up ; and that the said Company shall not break or take up or disturb, or cause to be broken or taken up or disturbed, the Pavement or Ground in any Street, Road, Lane or public Place within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purpofe of laying down any Mains or Provifo for laying pipes, except Service Pipes of a Diameter not exceeding One Inch p|Ue? 1 ervice jn the Bore, without the Confent in Writing of the Commissioners or Truflees, or other Persons having the Control of' the Pavements or Roads, Ground or Soil, in any Parochial or other Diftridt or Place, signified under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, Breaking up	or other proper Officer or Officers, first obtained ; and that if the

mat Notice	fajd Company or any Person or Persons acting by or under their

Authority, shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavement or Ground without such Notice being given or left as aforesaid (except as aforesaid), or shall break or take up or disturb, or cause to be broken, taken up or dillurbed, any of such Pavement or Ground, for the Purpofe of laying down any Mains or Pipes (except Service Pipes as aforesaid), without such Confent as aforesaid, then and in every such case the said Company shall forfeit and pay to the Commissioners or Truflees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements or Roads within the Parochial or other Diflridt or Place in which such Pavement or Ground so broken or taken up or disturbed shall be situate, or to their Treasurer, Clerk or Surveyor, or to such other Person as they may appoint, the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Square Foot of Pavement or Ground which shall be so broken or taken up without such Notice orConfent as aforesaid, to be recovered, with full Coils of Suit, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by Adlion of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no EfToign, Protedlion, Wager of Law or more than One One Penalty,&c. Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided always, that the said Corn-only for One pany shall not be subject or liable to the Payment of more than One Offence.	Penalty,	or	to more than One Adtion, Suit or other Proceeding in

refpedl of any One Offence committed, whether by virtue of this Adi or any other Adt or Adis of Parliament now or hereafter in force, any Law, Statute, TJfage or Cuflom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Requiring Com- VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever and io often pany to reinstate as the said Company shall have lawfully broken up or removed the

14	Stones,

or Consent,

Penalty.

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xxiii.

551

Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of any Street, Road, High- Pavements, &c.

way. Lane or public Place, or any Part thereof, the said Company

ffiall and they are hereby required immediately thereafter to reinftate- ^own>

and make good such Ground, Soil or Pavement, in as good found

State and Condition as the fame was or were in at the time of being

so broken up, to the Satisfa&ion of the Surveyor of the Commif-

fioners or Trustees of such Pavement, Soil or Ground respectively ;

and the said Company shall carry away all surplus Earth, Filth

and Rubbifh occasioned thereby at their own Colls and Charges;

and that during the Works of the said Company, and reinstating Company to

such Qround, Soil or Pavement as aforesaid, the said Company shall guard the Works,

provide proper Watchmen with necelTary Lamps, and other wife

fecure and guard the said Works, so as to prevent any Damage or

Inconvenience happening to PalTengers, Cattle or Carriages ; and and in case of

in case the said Company shall neglect and make Default in making Neglett,

good and reinstating such Ground, Soil or Pavement as aforefaid^

within Twenty four Hours next after Notice given to or left for the

said Company at their House or Office, it shall be lawful for the Proceedings.

said Commissioners or Trustees to reinstate and make good fuch

Ground, Soil or Pavement, and the Charges and Expences thereof

shall be reimbursed and repaid by the said Company or their Trea-

furer to the said Commissioners or Trustees or their respective Trea-

furer ; and in Default of Payment thereof within Seven Days next

after Demand thereof in Writing shall have been made by the Clerk

of the said Commissioners or Trustees, Proof of such Demand being

made by the Oath of One credible Witnefs before One or more Juf-

lice or Justices of the Peace, all such Sum or Sums of Money fo

paid by them shall and may be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and

Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with

the Charges of such Diftrefs and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand

and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Juftice or Justices of the

Peace as aforesaid, and which Warrant such Juftic6 or Justices is

and are hereby empowered to grant, and such Sum or Sums of

Money shall be paid to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or their

Treasurer.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That if it shall at any time or Company to times be deemed necessary or expedient by the Commissioners of alter, &c. Pipes Sewers of the City of London or Wejiminjler, or the Commissioners on RequiGtiono or Trustees for paving or repairing the said Streets, Roads, Ways, C°mrniffioners‘ Lanes and PafTages respectively, to require the said Company to raise, fink or otherwise alter the Situation of any of the Pipes,

Stop Cocks, Plugs or Branches, which shall be laid down for the Purpofes aforesaid, the said Company shall at their: own Expence, within Three Calendar Months next after being required so to do, by Notice in Writing to them given by the said Commissioners or Trustees refpeeftively, signed by their Clerk, raise, fink or alter such Pipes, Stop Cocks, Plugs or Branches, according to such Notice, in such Manner and in such Place or Places as the said Commif-fioners or Trustees respectively shall think right and proper ; and in Default thereof it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or their Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons acting by their Order or under their Authority, to cause such Pipes, Cocks,

Plugs or Branches to be raised, funk or altered, and that the rea-fonable Cofts and Charges for doing the fame shall immediately

Nil f	there-

Hosted

552

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A. D. 1817.

If the Cofts not paid as herein mentioned,

Proceedings.

In what case Damage to be made good by Commissioners.

Company to light Parilhes on Ap-jdication, blit not beyond the Extent, of their Capita],

Term of Contract.

Contracts with Pariflies void if the Price for Gas be greater than Oil.

thereafter be paid by the said Company : Provided nevertheless, that if such reasonable Cofts and Charges be not paid within One Calendar Month next after Demand shall be made by such Surveyor or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners or Trustees at the Office of the said Company, Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witnefs, before One or more Juilice or Justices of the Peace, all such reasonable Coils and Charges ffiall and may be levied and recovered by Diilrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Diilrefs and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any such Juilice or Juflices of the Peace as aforesaid ; and which Warrant such Juf-tice or Juilices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Coils and Charges ffiall be paid to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or their Treasurer.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted,,That if by the railing, sinking or altering any of the said Pipes, Cocks, Syphons, Plugs or Branches, any Damage or Injury ffiall be wilfully or negligently done to the fame by the said Commissioners, Trustees or their Servants, then and in every such case such Damage or Injury ffiall be made good as soon as Circumftances permit, and the Coils, Charges and Expences thereof, ffiall be paid by the said Commif-^ boners or Trustees.	^

XL Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the said Company iliall upon due and reasonable Application made to them for that Purpofe on the behalf of any Parifli or Pariffies, 6r Parts of any Pariffi or Pariffies, or Extra Parochial Place or Places within the Cities of London and Wejhninfter aforesaid, the Borough of Southwark, Suburbs, Precincts and Liberties of the fame Cities, undertake to furniffi, and shall furniffi such Pariffi or Pariffies, or such Parts of any Pariffi or Pariffies r'efpedlively with a sufficient Supply of inflammable Air for the Purpofes of lighting the said Pariffi or Pariffies, or Part or Parts thereof with a stronger and better Light, and at a cheaper and lower Price, all Expences ineluded, than such Pariffi or Pariffies, or Part or Parts of Pariffies could be supplied with if lighted in the usual manner during the Exiftence of the Contrail which they may enter into with the said Company : Provided also, that nothing herein contained ffiall extend to compel or require the said Company to expend any greater Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofes mentioned in this A£t than the Members of the laid Company ffiall have raised under the Powers granted by this A61 for the Purpofes of the laid Undertaking, nor to contract with any such Pariffi or Pariffies, or Place or Places, for a less Term than Fourteen Years, but at the Option of the said Company.

XII. And be it further ena6ted, That every Contract or Agreement entered into by any Parifli or Pariffies, or Parts of Pariffies, with the said Company, ffiall contain a Claufe providing that the said Contract shall be null and void if at any time the Price charged for inflammable Air used in lighting the Pariffi ffiall be greater than what at the time such Parifli may be lighted for in the usual manner with Oil, fora Period not less than Twelve Months, by any Contra&or offering due Security for the Performance of his Contract.

XIII. Pro-

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xxiii.

553

XIII.	Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That the laid Company shall not under any Pretence or Pretences, or by any Ways or Means, contradf to supply, or shall be permitted to supply with fuch-inflammable Air as aforesaid, for the Purpofes aforesaid, any Parifli or Parifhes, or any Part or Parts of Parifhes that shall not lie cr be fltuate within the Cities of London or Wejhnlnjler, or one of them, or the Borough of South™ark, or the Suburbs, Liberties or Precindts of the said Cities or Borough respectively or adjacent thereto.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall not by any Ways or Means, or under any Pretence or Pretences, contract to fell and furnish, or shall fell or furnish any Stove, or Pipe or Pipes, or Apparatus or Machinery of any Defcription whatever, for the Purpofe of conveying or whereby such inflammable Air as aforesaid, or any Quantity thereof, may be conveyed into any Dwelling House or Houles, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpofe of lighting the fame,

XV.	And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management of the said Company shall and they are hereby required within One Calendar Month after every Half Yearly General Meeting of the said Company, or oftener if required by the Right Honourable the Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being, to transmit to the said Secretary of State, a Report in Writing iigned by the Chairman or Deputy Chairman, or One of the Members of the said Committee of Management, of the State of the said Company, and of their Works and the Means possessed by the said Company for securing the Continuance of their Operations, and such other matters relating to the Works and Proceedings of the said Company, as the said Secretary of State shall from time to time require.

Powers of supply ing; inflammable Air limited to London, West min ft er, Southwark, &e.

Company not to traffic in Machinery for conveying Gas to privai.e Houles.

Report; of Works, &c. to be lent, to the Secretary of State for the Home Department Half Yearly, or when required.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That all the Stations and Works Stations and

of the said Company shall be open at all convenient times for the Works to be Infpedlion and Examination of such Person or Persons as the said open at all times Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being Qf	^*10U

shall appoint from time to time for that Purpofe ; and the said Com- p0inted by the pany shall, and they are hereby required to conform to such Regula- Secretary of tions and Proceedings in the several Parts of their Works and Oper- State, ations, as well in relpedt of those already erected or executed as of

such as shall hereafter be erected and executed, as the said Secretary of State shall consider necessary and proper and shall direct to be adopted for the better and more effedlually lighting the several Parts of the Metropolis, and the Suburbs, Liberties and Precindts thereof, where the Mains and Pipes of the said Company shall lie, and for more effectually securing a proper and permanent Supply of Gas for lighting the public Lamps therein, and for assisting and advancing the benefits to be derived from an active and efficient Police, and for such other Purpofes as to the said Secretary of State shall seem meet and proper for the Advantage of the Public.

XVII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Laying Pipes of no Person shall lay or caul'e to be laid any Pipe to communicate Communication with any Pipe belonging to the said Company, on Pain of forfeiting Wlt^ Pipes of the the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and also the further Sum of Twenty pe\™ai*ny> Shillings a Day for every Day such Pipe shall so remain ; to be

recovered by Dill refs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels

Hosted by ^

554

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Damaging, &c. Pipes, &c.

Penalty.

Power to the Company to pur-chafe Lands, &c.

Amount of Annual Value.

tels by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Towu, Place, Divifion or Diftritt where the said Offence shall be committed, and which Warrant such Juftice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant ; and the Surplus, after such Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Charges of such Diftrefs and Sale are deduced, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels ; and in case sufficient Diftrefs cannot be found, or such Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Juftice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County, City, Town, Place, Divifion or Diftri£t, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such time as such Juftice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture and all reasonable Charges be sooner paid and satisfied.

XVIII. And be it further enabled, That if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously remove, take away, destroy, damage or injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Poft, Plug, Lamp or other Apparatus, matter or thing actually in use during the Exiftence of any Contract with any Parifh or Parifhes for the Purpofe of fulfilling such Contrads, or shall wilfully and maliciously waste or improperly use any of the inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, every Person so offending in any of the respective Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted, on the Oath of One credible Witnefs, before One or more Juftice or Justices for the County, City, Town, Place, Divifion or Diftrids, where the said Offences shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay to the aforesaid Company and their Succeffors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, Three times the Amount of the Damage proved upon Oath to be done, at the Difcretion of such Juftice or Justices ; such Penalty, together with reasonable Cofts, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, returning the Overplus (if any) ; or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County, City, Town, Place, Divifion or Diftrhft, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be committed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this A (ft it shall be lawful for the said Company to purchase and hold to them and their Succeffors, the Buildings, Ground, Works and Eftates belonging to the said City of London Gas Light and Coke Partnership, of and from the Persons entitled thereto, and also from time to time to purchase and hold to them and their Succeffors and Afligns any Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments situate in the said Cities of London and Wejlminjier and the Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties and Precin&s thereof respectively, or any of them refpe<ftively, or adjacent thereto, (the Annual Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, not exceeding the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain,) and also to fell and dispose of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any of them, as they shall think proper, and purchase and hold other Houses,

Mef-

Hosted

A.D,1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.xxiii.

555

Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, (not exceeding the Annual Value aforesaid,) without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

XX.	And be it further'enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise and contribute among themselves a Sum of Money, by way of Capital or Joint Stock, to be applied and used in establishing and carrying on the Undertaking and the Purpofes aforesaid, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred thou-fand Pounds, to be subscribed in Shares of One hundred Pounds each.

XXI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Company shall not be authorized to exercise any of the Powers granted under this Adi, until such time as the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That in order to provide a fufftcient Sum of Money for answering the Purpofes of this Adi, the said Company shall be obliged to raise among themselves, by Subscription, the full Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds within the Period of Five Years from the palling of this Adi.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person, by or for whom any Subfcription shall be made or accepted, or any* Payment made purfuantto the Orders of any General Meeting or Meetings to be held as hereinafter is mentioned, for or towards the raising the said Capital Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Adminiflrators and Alligns respectively, shall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, in proportion to the Monies to which he, (he or they shall have so contributed towards making up the fame, and to a proportional Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the Capital Stock of the said Company, and shall be admitted to be a Member or Members of the fame.

XXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the several Members of the said Company shall respectively Hand refpon-iible and answerable for all just Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the said Company, to the full Amount of their several and re-fpedlive Shares in the Capital of the said Joint Stock, but shall not be any further or otherwise liable, either personally or in their several and respective Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels or Effedls, for any Undertakings, Engagements, Contradls or Agreements entered into by the said Company, or be subject or liable, by reason of his or their being Members of the said Company, or of any Adis of the said Company, to the Statutes respecting Bankrupts, or any of them.

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds Sterling each, and that no Person or Persons shall be a Subfcriber or Subfcribers for a less Sum than One hundred Pounds Sterling ; and that all Shares in the Joint Stock and undertaking of the said Company, and in the Net Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be deemed Perfonal Estate, and not of the Nature of Real Estate, and shall be transmissible accordingly.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall not borrow or take up by Way of Loan any Sum or Sums of Money

whatsoever,

Capital of Company not to exceed 200,000).

Company not to a <51 until ioojoooi. fub-icribed.

Capital to be railed within Five Years.

Subfcribers to share in the Joint Stock in proportioiuto their Subfcription.

Subfcribers liable to the Debts of the Company in proportion to their Share in the Stock.

Stock divided into Shares of took each, and to be Perfonal Eftate.-

How far Company may borrow Money.

Hosted

55S

Officers of the Company.

No Member to he a Dealer in Articles manufactured , &c. by the Company, or hold an Office of Profit.

Perlbns interell-ed in working, &r.. for the Company, not eligible on the Committee.

Regulations of the Company as to General Meetings.

C.xxiii.	5/°	GEO*	III.	A.D.	1817*

whatsoever, other than by a Subfcription for Shares in manner and to the Extent hereinbefore directed.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That there shall be elected from time to time, as hereinafter is mentioned, from among the Members of the said Company who shall have subscribed for or be possessed of at least Fifteen Shares in the Joint Stock of the said Company, Five Persons, who shall and are hereby declared to be the Committee of Management for managing the Affairs of the said Company, and One of such Committee shall afterwards be elected the Chairman of the laid Company, and another of them the Deputy Chairman of the said Company ; and that no Person who shall not be pofTeffed of Fifteen Shares in the Joint Stock of the said Company at the time of the palling of this Adt, shall be eligible to be One of such Committee until he shall have continued pofTeffed of Fifteen such Shares for the Space of Three Calendar Months; and that no Person who shall be a Member of the said Committee shall be a Dealer, either directly or indirectly, in any of the Articles manufactured and fold or supplied by the said Company, or shall hold any other Office or Place of Profit under the said Company.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person being a Member of the said Committee shall directly or in-diredlly be interested or concerned in doing any Work for or on the behalf of the laid Company, or supplying any Materials, Articles or Things to or for the Ufe of the said Company, every such Person shall immediately ceal'e to be a Member of the said Committee., and shall never afterwards be reeligible ; and every such Person shall also, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majeffy’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by ACtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, in which ACtion or Suit refpeCtively no Protection, Effoign or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company shall be conducted, and managed under and fub-je& to the several Rules, Regulations and Reftriclions hereinafter contained ; (that is to fay,) the Members of the faid-Company shall assemble together at Eleven o’Clock in the Forenoon on the Seventh Day next after the palling of this ACt, and shall assemble at such other times and Places as they shall be duly convened in manner hereafter mentioned ; and every such Affembly shall be styled a General Meeting ; and Two such Meetings shall be held in every Year, on the Third Wednefday in the Month of January, and the Third Wednefday in the Month of July, which shall be ffyled Half Yearly General Meetings ; and that a Special General Meeting may be called at any time by the Committee of Managers; and that Five or more Members of the said Company, holding in the Aggregate Fifty Shares or upwards in the said Joint Stock, may at any time, by Writing under their Hands, left at the Office of the said Company, require the Committee of Management to call a Special General Meeting, so as such Requifition fully express the ObjeCt for which such Meeting is required to be called ; and in case of the NegleCt or Re-fufal of the said Committee to call such Meeting, the fame may be called by the said Members, as hereinafter is expressed ; and that

every

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

6'xxiii.

557

every General Meeting may be adjourned from time to time, and from Place to Place, as shall be found expedient ; and that at lead Six Days’ previous Notice of every General Meeting, and Three Days’ previous Notice of every Adjournment of any General Meeting, shall be given by Advertifement in Two or more of the London Newfpapers.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Member of the said Company shall be entitled to be present or to vote at any General Meeting or Adjournment thereof, unless he shall have subscribed for at lead Three Shares in the Joint Stock of the said Company at the time of the passing of this A£t, or unless he shall afterwards have been entitled to or continued poffefTed of at lead Three Shares in the said Joint Stock for at lead Three Calendar Months before such Meeting ; and that such Members of the said Company shall have a Vote or Votes at such General Meetings in proportion to the Number of Shares held by them respectively, as hereinafter is mentioned ; (that is to fay,) For Th ree^ Shares and less than Seven Shares, One Vote ; for Seven Shares and less than Twelve Shares, Two Votes ; for Twelve Shares and less than Twenty Shares, Three Votes; for Twenty Shares and less than Thirty Shares, Four Votes; and for Thirty Shares or upwards, Five Votes ; but no Person or Persons shall be entitled to vote in respect of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for Payment of any Indalment thereof to be called for as hereinafter is mentioned, until such Indalment or Call shall have been paid ; and that no Person or Persons shall vote at any General Meeting, upon any Quedion or Quedions relating to the Concerns of the laid Undertaking in which such Person or Persons shall be anywise interected, other than as a Subfcriber or Subfcribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, to or of the said Undertaking.

XXXI.	And be it further enatled, That when any Shafe or Shares in the said Joint Stock shall be the Property of more than One Person, the Owner or Proprietor whole Name shall have been entered fird in Order on the Books of the said Company shall, for all the Purpofes of the said Company, be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or^Shares; and all Notices required to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Company shall and may be given to or served upon such Perlon whole Name shall so dand fird in Order in the Books of the said Company, and such Service upon iuch Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Service upon all the Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, for all the Purpofes for which such Service is intended to be made upon the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares, and such Person shall be entitled to any Vote or Votes which may be given in respect of such Shares.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That any Female, Infant or other Proprietor of Three or more Shares in the said Joint Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such Shares at any General Meeting of the said Company, shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at such General Meetings as aforesaid, either in Person or by Proxy, every such Proxy being a Member of the said Company entitled to vote : Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall deliver in Proxies for more than Three Members ; and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made in the Form following ; videlicet,

.	.	‘	I	A.	B.

What Number of Shares entitled to vote.

No Persons in-terelied, other than as Sub-fcribers, to vote.

Shares Handing in the Names of more than One Person, the Person whole Name Hands fir ft dial I for all the Purpofes of this be deemed the Owner.

Empowering Proprietors of Shares to vote by Proxy.

Hosted

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Form of Appointment of Proxies.

Regu-tations of Eledtioo of Chairman, General Meetings, & c.

Eledtton of First Chairman, Deputy Chairman and Committee.

The Half Yearly Meeting in January to elect Two Managers, the Chairman and Deputy Chairman.

‘ T A. B. of	One	of the Proprietors

6 of atid in the City of London Gas Light and Coke Company,

< do hereby nominate, constitute and appoint C. D. of c	to	be	my	Proxy, in my Name and in my Abfence

c to vote or give my AfTent to or Difient from any Bufinefs, matter ‘ or thing relating to the said Undertaking, that {ball be mentioned i or proposed at any General Meeting of the said Company, in such c manner as he the said C. D» shall think proper, according to his * Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking,

6 or any thing relating thereto. In Witnefs whereof I have hereunto ‘ fet my Hand, the	Day	of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That at the First General Meeting, to be held on the Seventh Day next after the palling of this A (ft, and any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, a Chairman Hi all be elected by the Members present ; and that at every fub-fequent General Meeting the Chair shall be taken by the Chairman of the said Company, or in his Abfence by the Deputy Chairman of the said Company, and in their Abfence by a Member to be elected by the Members present ; and that at every such General Meeting all Queflions shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Members and Proxies present, and not declining to vote, according to their respective Number of Votes ; and upon any Difference of Opinion any Member may require such Votes to be taken by Bailot, but no Ballot shall be kept open more than One Hour ; and that such Member as shall be in the Chair shall be entitled to Vote, and shall also have a casting Vote in case the Number of Votes shall be equal ; and the Orders and Proceedings of every General Meeting shall be entered by the Secretary or Clerk in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Chairman ; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered and signed shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatfo-ever; and that no Bufinefs shall be transacted at any Special General Meeting besides the Bufinefs for which it shall have been calied, and no other Bufinefs shall be transacted at any Adjourned Special General Meeting than the Bufinefs left unfinished at the Meeting from which such Adjournment took place ; and if at any Special or General Meeting Seven Members entitled to vote shall not assemble and proceed to Bufinefs in One Hour from the time appointed for such Meeting, or if that Number be not present when the Whole or any Part of the Bufinefs to be tranfadied shall be decided upon, the Meeting shall adjourn to the fame Day in the following Week, or some other Day to be appointed by the Committee of Management.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That at the First General Meeting to be holden on the Seventh Day next after the passing of this Aft, or some Adjournment thereof, the First Committee of Management of the said Company, and the First Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the said Company, shall be elected.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That at the Half Yearly General Meeting to be held in January in every Year, or some Adjournment thereof, Two Members of the Company, qualified as aforesaid, who shall have been Members of the Committee eledfed in the preceding Year, shall be reeledted Members of the Committee of Management, and as soon as such Eledtion shall have been made, Three other Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid,

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.xxiii.

559

shall be ele£led Members of the said Committee, and after such Committee shall have been elected, Two of the Members thereof shall be elected Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the said Company for the ensuing Year; but all the Members of the said Committee, and the Chairman and Deputy Chairman, elected in the preceding Year, shall be immediately reeligible ; and after such Eledtions as aforesaid shall have taken place, the said Officers respectively, who shall not be reelected, shall respectively go out of their refpedfive Offices.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That any Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the said Committee of Management, may at any time be removed from his refpedfive Office by a General Meeting specially called for that Purpofe ; and any Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the said Committee, may at any time vacate his Office, by fending his Refignation in Writing to the Office of the said Company ; and in case any Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the said Committee shall, during the Continuance of his refpedfive Office, by Transfer, Forfeiture or otherwise, reduce the Number of Shares in the said Joint Stock held by him respectively below the Number of Fifteen Shares, or shall otherwise become disqualified to be a Member of the said Committee, then and in every such case the Office of such Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the said Committee, shall instantly determine and become vacant; and that every Vacancy in the Offices of Chairman, Deputy Chairman and Members of the Committee, by Death, Removal, Refignation or becoming ineligible or unqualified as aforesaid, shall be filled up at a Special General Meeting to be called for that Purpose, within Fourteen Days next after such Office respectively shall become vacant ; and every Person who, in consequence of a Vacancy occasioned by any other Caufe than that of going out of Office according to the Rotation aforesaid, shall be appointed Chairman,Deputy Chairman or a Member of the said Committee, shall be deemed only a Subftitute for the Person whose Place he shall supply, and shall continue in Office upon the fame Terms and only for the fame Period as the Person whose Place he shall supply would have continued, if his Office had not been vacated before the time at which he mufl necessarily have gone out of Office.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That the General Meeting shall from time to time ele£t some Person to be Treasurer of the said Company, and it shall not be necessary that such Person be a Member of the said Company ; and any General Meeting may from time to time difmiss, remove or suspend such Treasurer from time to time as they shall think fit; and the first Treasurer shall be elected at the Firfl General Meeting to be holden on the Seventh Day next after the passing of this A61, or some Adjournment thereof.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That any General Meeting, or General Meeting specially called for that Purpose, shall have full Power to call for and examine and fettle the Accounts of the said Company; and that at every Half Yearly General Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, an Half Yearly Dividend or Dividends shall be made out of the Interect, Profits or Advantages of the said Undertaking, unless such Meeting shall declare otherwise; and such Dividend or Dividends shall be at and after the Rate of so much for every One Hundred Pounds upon all and every the Sum and Sums of Money paid to the said Company by the Members

thereof,

The Offices may be vacated, and are to be supplied by Special General Meetings.

General Meev ing to elett a Treasurer.

General Meeting to fettle Accounts, and Half Yearly Meetings to declare Dividends.

Hosted

SCO

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Half Yearly or Special General Meetings may make Call? on Subfcribers.

Power of General Meetings to make Bye Laws,

and

Penalties.

Bye Laws not to be repugnant to the Laws of England.

thereof, their Executors, Adminiftrators, SuccefTors or Afsigns, as such Meeting or Meetings shall think lit to appoint and determine : Provided that no Dividend shall be made or paid for until after the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed for towards the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company ; and that no Dividend shall be paid in respect of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for Payment of any Call for Money in respect thereof, until such Call shall have been paid : Provided also, that no Dividend shall be made whereby the Capital of the said Company shall be in any Degree reduced or impaired ; and that the Chairman, Deputy Chairman and Committee of Management, who shall make such Dividends, shall be personally responsible to the Proprietors, and also to the Creditors of the said Company, for any Injury which may arise therefrom.

XXXIX. And be it further enabled, That any Half Yearly General Meeting, or Special General Meeting to be called for that Pur-pose, or Adjournment thereof respectively, shall have full Power to make such Call or Calls for Money from the several Subfcribers and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Adminiftra-tors, SuccefTors and Afsigns, as such Meeting shall from time to time find wanting and necessary for the Purpofes of the Undertaking, so that no one such Call to exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds for or in respect of any one Share of One hundred Pounds, and so that no Call or Calls be made but at the Diitance of One Calendar Month at least from another ; and that the Sum or several Sums of Money so to be called for shall be paid into the Hands of the Trea-furer to the said Company, and that the said several Sums of Money so called for shall be paid at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by such General Meeting, of which time and Place Thirty Days’ previous Notice at least shall be given in Two or more of the Daily London Newfpapers.

XL. And be it further enabled, That the General Meetings shall have full Power to superintend, regulate and control all the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company, and shall have full Power and Authority from time to time to make such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws as to them shall seem meet and proper for the good Government of the said Undertaking, and for regulating the Proceedings of the Committee of Management, and for the Management of the said Undertaking in all respects whatsoever, and from time to time to alter and repeal such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to make others, and impose and infiift such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending againff such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws, or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the said General Meeting shall seem meet and expedient ; and all Rules, Orders and Bye Laws so made as aforesaid, being reduced into Writing, and the Common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed, shall be printed, and be binding upon all Persons, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall aft under the fame: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any of the express Directions or Provifions of this Aft : Provided also, that all such Rules, Orders aod Bye Laws shall be subject to Appeal in manner by this Aft directed.

XLI. And

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xxiii.

5GI

XL I. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management of the said Company shall meet together at the Office ot the said Company one Day in every Week at the least, and at such other times as they fnall think proper; and any Two of the said Committee may at any time call a Meeting of the said Committee, by Notice in Writing sent to the Refidence of every Member of the said Committee, when they shall think fit ; but no Bufinefs shall be transacted at any Meeting of the said Committee, unless Three Members be present when such Bufinefs shall be decided upon; and that the Chair shall be taken at every Committee by the Chairman, or in his Abfence by the Deputy Chairman, or in their Abfence by a Member to be chosen by the Members present; and that all Queftions, matters and things which shall be proposed, dif-cufFed or considered by them, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of the Members then present ; and in case of an equal Division, the Member for the time being in the Chair shall have the calling Vote, besides his own Vote ; and that it, on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Committee, Three Members shall not attend, that then and in every such case the Meeting shall be adjourned to the next Day by the Members or Member then present, or if none be present, by the Secretary or Clerk to the said Company, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place; and the Proceedings of every Committee shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Secretary or Clerk for that Pur-pose, and signed by the Person in the Chair.

XLXX. And be it further enabled, That the Committee of Management shall and may call a Special General Meeting of the said Company for any Purpofe they may think proper, and shall appoint the time and Place of holding every General Meeting, and shall give at least Six Days’ Notice of every General Meeting by Advertifement in Two or more of the London Newfpapers, and shall give Three Days such Notice of every Adjourned General Meeting, and such Notice shall be given for every Special Meeting which shall be required to beheld by Five or more Members holding in the aggregate Fifty Shares or upwards, within Six Days next after such Requiiition shall have been given, and shall cause a Special General Meeting to be called within Fourteen Days next after any Vacancy shall happen in the Offices of Chairman, Deputy Chairman Or Member of the Committee, and shall cause to be expressed in the Notices of every Special and Adjourned General Meeting the Obje&s for which such Meetings respectively are to be held.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Committee of Management for the time being shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Six Days to comply with any such Requifition, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Members who shall have signed the fame to call a Special Meeting of the Company by Advertifement in Two or more of the London Newfpapers, specifying the Place where and the time when such Meeting is to be held, the time not being less than Six Days after such Notice, and the Place somewhere in the said City of London, and likewise specifying in such Notice the Reafon for and Intention of calling such Special Meeting ; and the Members are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and take into Confideration the Matter or Matters to be submitted to them by the Persons calling such Special 57 Geo. III.	O	o	Meeting

Regulations concerning Meetings of the Committee,

Queftions decided bv Majority.

Powers and Duties of Committee as to calling General Meeting.

Special Meetings of the Company may be convened by Members on Negleft of Com-mittee.

Hosted

56 2

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Power to the CoiYnniuee to appoint Clerks, Sic.

General Powers of Covnrmttee,

&c.

Treasurer not to issue Money without an Order signed by Three of the Committee.

To compel Payment of hubfcriptions.

fn Default of Payment of Calls, Shares to be f0j f> iLcd s

Meeting, and specified in such Notice ; and the Decifion and Determination of the Proprietors present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, according to the Number of Votes they shall have a Right to give respecting such matter or matters, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been made at a General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management shall appoint all the Clerks, Officers, Servants and Workmen, and Tradeimen of the said Company, and difmiss, remove and suspend them as they shall think fit, and may require such Security from the Clerks and Officers, and also from the Treasurer for the time being of the said Company, as they shall think necefiary.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management for the time being shall have the Cuftody of the Common Seal of the said Company, and shall have Power and Authority to direct the Affairs and Bufinefs of the said Undertaking, as well in issuing, receiving and laying out and disposing of all Sums of Money to be issued or received, laid out or disposed of, for the Purpofes of the fame, as in contracting for and purchasing Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods and Chattels for the Ufe of the said Undertaking, and entering into Contra&s for the Lighting of any such Parifhes, Places, Streets, Roads, Ways, Houfes or Buildings as aforesaid, and in ordering, directing and employing the Works and Workmen, and in felling and disposing of all Articles produced from such Manufacture of Air or Gas as aforesaid, and in making all Contracts or Bargains touching or in any wise concerning the fame, fubjeCf to such Orders, Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations as shall at any time be duly made by the said Company in Reftraint, Control or Regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this ACl granted.

XLVIo And be it further enaCled, That the Treasurer or Trea-furers, or other Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Company, shall not issue any Sum or Sums of Money on account of the said Company without an Order or Orders in Writing signed by Three or more Members of the said Committee; and that the Receipts of the said Treasurer, for all Monies payable to him on account of the said Company, shall be effectual Difcharges for the fame.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards carrying on the Works hereby authorized to be made, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them refpeCtively subscribed or such Part's or Portions thereof as shall from time to time be called for by any General Meeting, under and by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this ACt, at such times and Places as shall be directed by a General Meeting in manner before mentioned ; and in case any Person or Persons shall negleCt or refuse to pay the fame at the time and in the manner required for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Subfcriber or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors or Afsigns, fhall

11	negleCt

Hosted

D. 1817*

57? GEO, III;

C. xxii t

sm

negle& or refuse to pay his, her or their Part or Portion of the Money to be called for by any General Meeting as aforesaid, by the time appointed for Payment thereof, then in such case such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall (whether or not the fame shall then have been sued for in any Court of Law or Equity) absolutely forfeit all his, her or their Share, Part and Intereft in the said Undertaking and Capital Stock, and all Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her or them on account thereof, to and for the Ufe and benefit of the said Company, unless otherwise determined by a Special General Meeting ; and that all Shares which shall or may be so forfeited shall or may be fold at a public Sale for the most Money that can be gotten for the fame, and the Produce thereof shall go to and make Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company ; but that no Advantage shall be taken of such Forfeiture of any Share in the said Undertaking as aforesaid until after Thirty Days' Notice shall be given by the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the said Company to the Owner or Owners thereof, by Notice in Writing left at his, her or their usual or lash Place of Abode ; and that eyery such Forfeiture so to be declared shall be an absolute Indemnification and Dif-charge to and for the Subferiber or Subfcribers, Proprietor and Proprietors, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Afsigns, so forfeiting, against all A&ions, Suits and Profecutions for any Breach of Contra& or other Agreement between such Subferiber or Subfcribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Affigns.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die before Payment shall have been made by him or her of the full Sum to be called for or in respect thereof as aforesaid, without having made any sufficient Provifions as aforesaid, by WiH or otherwise, how such Share Or Shares shall be disposed of, and how the future Calls in refpe£t thereof shall be answered , that then and in such case the Executors or Adminiftrators of such Proprietor and Proprietors, and the Truftee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or other Person entitled to the Eftateand Effe&s of such Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against such Infant, and all other Persons whomsoever, for paying any Money which shall be called for as aforesaid in respect of the Share or Shares of such deceased Proprietor.

L. And in order that where the original Holder or Proprietor of One or more Share or Shares in the. said Undertaking shall die, become Infolvent or Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his or her Right and Intereft to some other Person, and no Regifter shall have been made of the Transfer thereof'with the Clerk to the said Company, it may not be in the Power of the said Company to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or, Shares, in order to give him, her or them, their Executors, Ad* miniftrators,'Succeffors and Afsigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to Be made on such Share or Shares, and to maintain any Action or A&ions against him, her or them, their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Afsigns, for the Recovery of the fame, or for the Purpofe of safely paying to him, her or them, their Executors, Adihiniftrators, Succeffors and Afsigns, the Intereft or Dividends to

O o 2	which

but Notice to ks

given.

Executors, &c. indemnified in paying Calls*

For afeemining the Proprietor-fhip of Shares in cases of Death, Infolvency, &c.

Hosted

C.xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

56 i

PiOViHou if CjIIs not paid in such cases.

Shares may be transferred.

which he, she or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; Be it therefore further enabled. That in all the cases aforesaid, where the Right and Property in One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Subfcriber or Subfcribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof in the Form and manner herein specified, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons, before One of His Ma-jefty’s Justices of the Peace, Hating the manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons, their Executors, Adminiflrators, Succeflbrs and Afsigns, and that such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the said Company, to the Intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the, Regifter Book, or Lift of Subfcribers and Proprietors to the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Company ; and that in all or any of the said cases it shall be lawful for the Subfcribers and Proprietors, at any General Meeting, after Thirty Days’ Notice shall have been given by the said Treasurer or Clerk to the Owners or Persons claiming by such Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and that such Person or Persons, their Executors, Adminiflrators, Succeflbrs and Afsigns, shall not have paid his, her or their Portion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any .Call or Calls, and after Notice thereof shall have been given Three times, at the Intervals of Seven Days at least between each Adver-tifement, in some Two or more London Newfpapers, to declare, at any General Meeting, the fame Share or Shares to be forfeited, and that in such case the fame shall be and become forfeited, and be fold and disposed of in such manner as the said Members at any Meeting or Meetings shall direA, or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund of the said Company.

LI. And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the several Members of the said Undertaking, iheir Executors, Ad-miniftrators, Succeflbrs and Afsigns, to fell and transfer any Share or Shares of which they shall refpeAively be possessed ; and every such Transfer shall be in the Form and to the EffeA following; (that is to fay,)

loi m of Trans- 6 T	of	in	confxderation	of

^er*	‘	^	paid	to me by	of

6 do hereby bargain, fell and transfer to the faid

*	the Sum of	Capital	Stock	of	and	in	the	Un-

*	der taking called “ The City of London Gas Light and Coke 4 Company being my Share [or -Shares] No.

6	]	in	the said Undertaking, to hold to the faid

‘	Executors,	Adminiflrators and Afsigns, fubjeA to the

*	fame Rules, Orders and ReftriAions, and on the fame Conditions^

‘ that I held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof; and c I the faid	do	hereby	agree	to	accept	and	take

*	the faid	Share,	fubjeA	to the fame Rules, Or-

‘ ders, ReftriAions and Conditions ; as witness our Hands and Seals, c this	Day	of	in	the	Year

*	of our Lord

And

Hosted

A.EU8I7.

51° GEO. III.

C. xxili.

565

And that every such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Company ; and a Copy of fucli Regilter, signed by the Clerk or other Officer of the said Company duly authorized thereto, /hall be sufficient Evidence of every such Sale, and received as such in all Trials before any Court in the United Kingdom ; and that, until such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Company as aforesaid, no Purchafer or Purchafers of any Share or Shares, their Executors, Adminiftrators, SuccefTors and Afsigns, /hall have any Part or Share in the said Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, nor ffiall receive any Intereft or Dividends for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased,-nor be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings as Member or Members of the said Undertaking in respect of such Share or Shares, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after such Transfer ffiall have been registered.

Eli. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after any Call for Money ffiall have been made by virtue of this Aft, no Person or Persons ffiall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, ffie or they ffiall possess in the said Undertaking, after the Day appointed for the Payment of the said Call, until the Money so called for or in respect of his, her or their Shares intended to be fold ffiall be paid 5 and until such Money so called for ffiall be paid, any such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares ffiall be void ; and all and every Person or Persons making Default herein ffiall be subject and liable to forfeit such his, her or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to and for the general Benefit of the said U:> dertaking, unless he, file or they ffiall at the time of such Sale or Transfer pay to the Treasurer of the said Company the full Sum of Money called for upon every Share so to be fold or transferred ; such Forfeiture nevertheless to be first notified and declared in manner directed by this Aft with respect to the Forfeiture of Shares for not answering the Calls to be made thereon as aforesaid;

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company, or their Committee of Management, ffiall and they are hereby required to cause the Names and Defignations of the several Persons who ffiall be entitled to Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares, and also the proper Number by which every Share ffiall be diftinguiffied, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book to be kept by their Clerk, and after such Entry to cause the fame to be signed by their Chairman, and they ffiall also cause a Certificate, to be signed by the Chairman and Clerk, to be delivered to every Proprietor upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or ffie is entitled in the said Undertaking ; and such Certificate lhail be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or her Executors, Adminiftrators and Afsigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified ; but the Want of such Certificate ffiall nGt hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment or Determination of any Juftice or Justices of the Peace relating to any matter or thing in this Aft mentioned or contained, may within Three Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgment or Beter-

OoS	mination

Transfer to be reeiltered.

Evidence.

No Share to be fold after a Cad till the Money is paid.

In such case Transfer void.

Names,&c. of Proprietors to be entered, and Certificate of their Shares delivered to them.

Appeal to Quarter Selilons.

Hosted

C. xxiii—xxv.

ST GEO. III.

A.P.181 7

56S

Notice of. Appeal.

Power of Quarter Selfions.

Provifofor Rights of Persons 16. light Streets, &c. and for Com-millioneis of Pavement, Sewers, New River Company, &c.

Provifo for Persons aggrieved proceeding against the Company.

Public Aft.

56 G-3, c.46.-

*5 G- .3- c. 67. 35 G. 3. c. 132. lubjedl as herein

miration (ha'll have been made or given, (fijrft giving Twenty one Days’ Notice of such Complaint to the Person or Persons againfE whom such Complaint is intended to be made,) complain to the Juilices of the Peace at the General Quarter Seffions to be held in and for the City or County in which the Caufe of Appeal shall arise, who shall in a summary way either hear and determine the said Com* plaint at such General Quarter Seffions, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be held for such City or County $ and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Determination ; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this A£t shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoyer, into any of His Majeily’s Courts of Record at WBjlminJlei'> or elsewhere 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithilanding.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall have the Effect of depriving any Person or Persons of any Right which he or they at present possess, or of in* terfering with any Right which he or they may hereafter acquire, of lighting Streets or Houfes with Gas Lights, or in any other manner i Provided also, that nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be construed to defeat, abridge, alter, obstruct or in any manner interfere with the Powers and Authorities of the Commissioners or Trufleesfor Lighting or Paving, or of the Commissioners of Sewers* or the New River Company, or any other Company eftabUlhed for the Supply of Water in or for any of such Parifhes or Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Rights of any Person or Persons to make, enlarge, repair or amend any Vault under any Street within such Parifhes or Places ; Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding againll the said Company, or against any of their Officers, Servants or Workmen, in respect of any Works of the said Company* or the Method which shall be employed by them for fur-nifhing such Light as aforesaid, as a public or private Nuifance, or from bringing any Action against the said Company, or any. of their Officers, Servants or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works or Method of Lighting, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Nature of such Method of Lighting, or the CarelefTnefs or Want of Skill of the Persons employed therein. ‘ LVI. And be it further enacted, That this A61 shall be deemed and taken to be a Public A 61, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded*

Cap. xxiv.

An A61 to amend an A61 of the lafl Session of Parliament, for the better repairing the several Roads leading into and from the City of Worceflef.	[23d	May	1817-7]

Cap. xxv.

An A61 to continue and amend Two A6ts of the Fifteenth and Thirty fifth Years of His present Majesty for amending and

widening

Hosted

A.D.1817.

570 GEO. III.

C. xxv—xxix.

567

widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge through Little mentioned, con-Yarmouth, to Gorlesson, in the County of Suffolk, (c)	tinued during

[23d Afryt 1817.] 'he Refidue of L J	J	'	-*	their refpedhve

Terms, and for 21 Years, &c. afterwards.

Cap. xxvh

An Adl for amending the Roads leading from Bafingjlone, near 26 G. 2. c. 51. Bagshot, through Farnham, in the County of Surrey, and Alton x3 G. 3* c; 51* and New Alresford, to Winchester, in the County of South- 35	3-

ampton.[k)	[23dil^ 1817.3 repe^le(1*

[.Additional Tolls on Sundays,"]

Cap. xxvii.

An Adi for more effedlually improving the Road from Richmond, in 24 G- 2. c. 17. the County of York, to Lancqfter, in the County of Lancaster, and G. 2. c.91. the Road from Richmond to Lucy Cross, and from Gilling to the exec t '^cor!-Turnpike Road on Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, [a) tinued by this

[23d May	A<f>, repealed •

from ill June/ ~	...	1817.

Lap. xxvm.

An Adi for continuing and amending an Adi of His present Ma- 35 G. 3 c. 148. jelly, for repairing the Road from the Town of Bedford in the continued. County of Bedford, to Klmbolton in the County of Huntingdon. (a)

[23d May 1817.]

is not

\_New Trujlees, Power to appoint AdditionalTruflees. Former Tolls to fated] cease, and new Tolls granted,]

Cap, xxix.

An Adi for better paving, improving and regulating the Streets of the Metropolis, and removing and preventing Nuifances and Obftrudlions therein.	[16th	June 1817.3

4 VTTHEREAS many of the Streets and public Places within 4 VV that Part of the Metropolis which is situate within the

4	Weekly Bills of Mortality, and the Parifhes of Saint Pancras and

5	Saint Mary le lone, in the County of Middlesex, are divided into 4 parochial and other Diftridts, and are paved and repaired and 4 regulated, and Obftrudlions and Nuifances therein are removed, uh~ 4 der the Diredlion of certain Commillioners or Trustees, or other 4 Persons appointed to superintend and regulate the fame in each 4 of such parochial or other Diftridts, by virtue of certain local 4 Adis of Parliament 5 and the Pavements of many of such Streets * and public Places are often in a State dangerous to Paffengers,

4 and frequently contain Nuifances and Obftrudlions which are 4 offensive or injurious 1 And Whereas it would materially tend to 4 the remedying of such Defedls in the Pavements, and such Nui-4 fances, if more summary means of compelling the speedy Repa-4 ration of the Pavements of such Streets and public Places, and of 4 enforcing due Regulations as to the various Water and Gas Com-6 panies and Commillioners of Sewers, by whom the Pavements of 4 such Streets and public Places have been frequently displaced ; 4 and also if more adequate Funds and Authorities were'given to

O o 4	6	the

Hosted

503

C. xxix.

5 7° GEO. HI.

A.D.181?.

How far A£t to extend.

Surveyors of Pavements to be appointed in P.jriflies or other DiftriCts.

c the said several Commissioners, Trustees and other Persons having ‘ the Superintendence and Regulation of the Pavements of such ‘ Streets and public Places;’ For which Purposes, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That this ACt and the Provifions herein contained shall extend to all Streets and public Places which are now paved, or which may be hereafter paved, within the Cities of London and Wejlminfter and Borough of Southwark, and any other Parts of the Metropolis which are included within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and to all Streets and public Places which are now paved, or which may be hereafter paved, within the Parifhes of Saint Pancras and Saint Mary le hone in the said County of Middlesex, except only any Parts thereof which may be hereinafter particularly excepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That within Two Calendar Months after the pafling of this A<ft the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any Pariih or other DiftriCl included within the Operation of this A&, shall appoint One or more competent Person or Persons, being a Houfe-keeper or Houfekeepers, and having an House or Houses, or an Office or Offices, within their several Parifhes or other Diftridts, and to be and be called “ The Surveyor” or “ The Surveyors of the Pavements,” within each of such respective Parifhes or other Diftridts, and that such Person or Persons so to be appointed the Surveyor or Surveyors shall superintend the Pavements .of the several Parifhes ot other Diftridls to which he or they shall be so appointed by the Commiftioners, Trustees cr other Persons having the Control of the Pavements therein, and shall observe and perforin all the Duties im-pofed on Surveyors or Infpedfors of Pavements by this A6f, or by the several local Acfts of Parliament whereby or by virtue whereof such Commiftioners, Trustees or other Persons shall have been and shall be appointed, and which they shall be from time to time directed to observe and perform by the several Commiftioners, Trustees or other Persons by whom they shall be so appointed ; and also that all and every the Surveyors so appointed shall and may be discharged and removed from time to time by the several Commiftioners, Tfuftees and other Persons by whom they shall be so appointed, at their Pleafure ; and that they shall be paid such annual or other Salaries, Gratuities or Compenfation, out of the Monies arising from the Rates made and to be made for or towards the paving and repairing the Pavements of each of such Parifhes or other Diftri&s, and either separately or jointly with any other Objedls or Purposes, during their continuance in the said Office, as the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons by whom they shall be severally appointed, shall from time to time think fit : Provided nevertheless, that this ASt £fhall not limit or prevent the Appointment by the said Commiftioners, Trustees or other Persons, of any Infpe&ors or other inferior Officers for the Afliftance of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements within each of their respective parochial or other Diftri&s, fec they shall think necessary for the better Prefervation and Superintendence of the pavements therein.

III. And

Hosted

a.d.1817.	57°GE6. iri.	ix.

III.	And be it further enabled, That no Person /hall at any time hereafter be appointed to the Office of Surveyor of the Pavements of and in any Pari/h or other Diftricft, or /hall continue in fucfo Office, or /hall a£f therein, who at the time of such Appointment /hall be, or after such Appointment shall become, a Commiffioner of Truftee, or a Person having the Control of the Pavements of such Pari/h or other Diftridt by virtue of any local A61 or A6ts of Parliament or otherwise, or who /hall be a Pavior or Mafon, or Dealer in Stones, and who /hall have any Share or Intereft in any Employment or Contract for the Pavement or Reparation of the Pavement of such Pari/h or other District, or in any other public Works under fach Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons within such Pari/h or other Diftridl ; and that no Person /hall be continued in such Office of Surveyor of Pavements by any Commissioners, TrufteesT>r other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any Pari/h or other District, or /hall aft therein, who /hall cease to be an House -keeper, or to have an House or Office within the particular Pari/h or other Diftricft, to the Superintendence of the Pavements whereof he shall have been so appointed, or who /hall become otherwise dif-qualified by virtue of this A£t ; and that if any Person /hall presume to aas a Surveyor of Pavements for and in any Pari/h or other Dif-tridt, being disqualified as herein mentioned, every such Person /hall for every such A6t forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Add

IV.	And be it hereby further enabled, That from time to time and at all times hereafter, within One Calendar Month after the Death or Removal or Difqualification of any Person appointed by any Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements within any parochial or other Diftridft, to be a Surveyor of the Pavements of and within such parochial or other Dif-trids, the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other such Persons, ffiall appoint another competent Person, qualified as hereinbefore directed, to the Office of a Surveyor of the Pavements of and within such parochial or other District, in the Room or Stead of the Person who /hall so die or be removed, or otherwise become difquali-fied for such Office.

V.	And be it hereby further enacted, That the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in every parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdi&ion of this Adt, from time to time and at all times within Fourteen Days after they ftiall have appointed any Person or Persons to the Office of a Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements of and within such parochial or other Diftrids, /hall cause to be painted on Boards the Christian and Surnames of each and every such Person or Persons so from time to time by them appointed to the Office of Surveyor for such parochial or other District, with the Number of the House, and the Street or other public Place within the said parochial or other Diftridl which may then be the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or Office or Offices, of the Person or Persons so appointed a Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for such particular parochial or other District, and that such Infcriptions ftiall be so painted on the said Boards in Oil Colours, and in Roman Letters, being at ieaft One Inch in Height ; and that they the said Commissioners or

Trustees,

5&J

What Persons incapacitated from being Surveyors.

Incapacitated Persons aftine;,

Penalty.

Succeffors to Surveyors to he appointed within-One Month after Vacancy.

Gommififioneiu See. to cause Boards, inferibed with the Names and Refidence of Surveyors,to be placed in conspicuous Parts of every Diitridt.

Hosted

570

57° geo. m.

Removing or obliterating such Boards or In-fcriptiotis, Penalty.

Certain Houfe-keepers living within Juril'dic-tiqn of A61 may give Notice to Surveyors of dangerous or defective Pavement, and require the Reparation thereof*

C.xxix*

A.D.1S17*

Truflees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in every fucli parochial or other District, shall also cause one of such Boards, being so painted, to be fet up or fixed in a conspicuous Place of the external Part of every Parifh Church and parochial Chapel and Watch House, within their several parochial or other Diftritffs, and also on any Walls or Erections or Buildings within their several parochial or other Diftri&s respectively, not being private Dwelling Houses, as they may think necessary, and from time to time may vary and transpose the fame, or cause the fame to be varied or tranfposed, as they shall think necessary or convenient ; and that they the said Commissioners or Truffees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in every such parochial or other District, from time to time and at all times shall cause to be renewed or repaired and repainted all and every such Boards with the Infcriptions aforesaid, when and as often as occasion shall require* and so that the Infcriptions on the said Boards, with the Names and Refidence of the several Surveyors of the Pavements of and in every parochial or other District, shall be legible at all times during the Day; and that if any Person shall wilfully remove, destroy or injure any of such Boards, or shall obliterate or deface the Words painted thereon, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or shall cause or procure the fame to be removed, destroyed or injured, or obliterated or defaced, then every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Thirty Shillings nor less than Fifteen Shillings, to be recovered in the manner hereinafter provided.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person being the Occupier of an inhabited Dwelling House, situate in any Parifh or Place also within the Jurifdi£tion of this A<ff, and rated to the Relief of the Poor of such Parifh or Place wherein such Dwelling House shall be situate, at the Sum of Fifty Pounds at the leafs, for and in respect of such Dwelling House, or in case any Two Persons being the Occupiers of Two several inhabited Dwelling Houfes situate in any Parifh or Place, Parifhes or Places, also within the Jurifdidlion of this A£t, and each of whom shall be rated to the Relief of the Poor of such Parifh or Place, Parifhes or Places* wherein such Dwelling Houfes shall be respectively situate, at the Sum of Twenty five Pounds at the least, for and in respect of their said respective Dwelling Houses, shall think that the Pavement of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftritff within the Jurifdi&ion of this A&, or any Part of such Pavement, is in a State dangerous to Paffengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Paffengers and Carriages, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such One Person alone, or for such Two Persons jointly, to prepare a Notice, signed with his or their respective Hand or Hands, setting forth the Number of his or their respective Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, and the Street or public Place, or Streets or Public Places, wherein such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houfes is or are situate, and de* scribing the Part of the Pavements of any Street or public Place which he or they consider to be then dangerous to Paffengers, or so very defe6tive as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Paffengers and Carriages, and also requiring the Reparation thereof, and to address such Notice to any Person being a Surveyor for the time being of

Hosted

A. D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

371

the Pavements of and within the parochial or other Diftrid wherein the Part of any Street or public Place shall be iituate, the Pave-, rtient whereof shall then be dangerous to PafTengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, and to give such Notice to any such Surveyoi*, or to leave the fame for him at the Dwelling House or Office within such parochial or other Diftrid, inscribed on the Boards to be from time to time fet up by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Per-fons having the Control of the Pavements of and within such parochial or other Diftrid, pursuant to the Directions of this Ad.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That every Person from time to Surveyors to time hereafter being the Surveyor of the Pavements of any parochial CJul'e such dan' or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, to whom shall ger°usor defeCfc-be given or for whom shall be left a Notice, signed and prepared as	^

before directed, of the dangerous or very defective State as aforesaid of any Part of the Pavement of any Street or public Place in the parochial or other Diftrid in and for which he shall then be a Surveyor of Pavements, shall forthwith infped the Part of the Pavement described in such Notice given to or left for him ; and if the fame or any Part thereof shall really be in a State dangerous to PafTengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Paf-fengers and Carriages, and if the Colls and Charges of and about the repairing of such dangerous or very defective Pavement will not exceed the Sum of Two Pounds, he shall cause such Pavement to be if Charge do not effectually repaired within Three Days after the Day whereon such exceed 2I. Notice shall have been given to or left for him as aforesaid ; and if the Colls and Charges of and about the repairing of such Pavement will exceed the Sum of Two Pounds, but will not exceed the Sum if exceeding 2I. of Ten Pounds, then he shall cause such dangerous or very defective Pavement to be effectually repaired within Seven Days after the Day whereon such Notice shall have been given to or left for him as aforesaid ; and in either of such cases, such Surveyor may and shall cause such Pavements to be so effectually repaired by and of his own Authority, and without any Order or Direction from the Commissioners or Trustees or other Ferfons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other Diftrid wherein he shall be appointed to ad ; and the Cofts and Charges of such effectual Repa* Such Charge to ration shall be paid by such Commissioners or Trustees or other Per* be paid by Corn-fons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other p^e^e^s°&c Diftrid wherein such dangerous or very defective Pavement may be	L	*

situate; but if it shall appear to the laid Surveyor, upon the Infpec-don of the Pavements described in any Notice to be given to or left for him as aforesaid, that the fame is really in a State dangerous to PafTengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to PafTengers and Carriages, and that the Cofts and Charges of and about the effectual Reparation of such Part of the Paid Pavements as may then be in a State dangerous to PafTengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to PafTengers and Carriages, will exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, then and in every such case, the If Charges ex-laid Surveyor shall deliver a Copy of the Notice given to or left for ceed iol. him as aforesaid, to the Clerk or Clerks or other proper Officer of Proceedings* the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other Diftrid, within Three Days after such Notice shall have been given to or left for him as aforesaid, and shall in Writing require such Clerk or Clerks, or other

proper

Hosted

57*

C. XXis.

A.D. 1S17.

JuHtces on Negledt may summon Survey ors, and order the Repair.

57° GEO. III.

proper Officer, duly to summon a General Meeting of the Commif-fioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, according to the usual Cuftom of such Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer, or to the Directions of the local A& or ACts of Parliament under or by virtue whereof such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in such parochial or other DiftriCt, shall be appointed ; and that such Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer, within Two Days after he shall receive such Notice and Requifition from the said Surveyor, shall summon or cause to be summoned a General Meeting of the said Commif-lioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in such parochial or other Diftricft, to be held within Four Days then next, for the Purpofe of considering the Notice given to or left for the Surveyor appointed by them as aforesaid 5 and that the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other DiftriCl, or a sufficient Number of them for the TranfaCtion of Bufinefs, according to the Provifions of the local A& or A&s of Parliament under or by virtue of which they are or shall be appointed, shall alfemble at their usual Place of Meeting pursuant to such Summons, and shall then and there consider such Notice so given to or left for the said Surveyor of the Pavements of such parochial or other Diftridl ; and if such Part of the Pavement described in such Notice, or any Part thereof, shall really be in a State dangerous to Paflengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Paflengers and Carriages, then such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall then and there direCl the effeClual Reparation of such Part of the Pavements mentioned in the said Notice as may be dangerous to Paflengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, and shall cause the fame and every Part thereof to be so effectually repaired ,at their Coils and Charges, within Twenty eight Days then next, if the Charges of and about so effectually repairing the fame will not in their Judgment exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and within Six Weeks then next if the Charges of and about so effectually repairing the fame will in their Judgment exceed the said Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if at any time or times hereafter the Pavement of any Street or public Place within the Jurifdi&ion of this A&, being in a State dangerous to Paflengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Paflengers and Carriages, whereof a Notice, prepared and iigned as hereinbefore is dirc&ed> shall have been given to or left for any Person being a Surveyor of the Pavements of the parochial or other Diftri& wherein the Pavement so dangerous to Paflengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, may be fltuate, shall not be Efficiently repaired within the times hereinbefore appointed for the Reparation thereof, (that is to fay) within Three Days from the Day whereon the said Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, if the Cofts and Charges of and about such Repair would not exceed the Sum qi Two Pounds, and within Seven Days from the Day whereon the said Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, if the Cofts and Charges of and about such Repair would not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, and within Twenty eight Days from the Day whereon the said Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, if the Cofts

and

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

p >»o

5/o

and Charges of and about such Repair would not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and within Six Weeks next after the said Notice fhali have been given or left as aforesaid, if the Coft3 and Charges of and about such Repair would exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons by whom any Notice signed as hereinbefore is directed fhali have been given or left as aforesaid, to apply and complain to any Two Juf-tices of the Peace acting for the City, Borough or County wherein the Pavement of the Street or public Place described in the Notice so given or left as aforesaid fhali be situate, and that upon Proof proofon oth upon Oath, by One or more credible Witnefs or WitnefTes, that a of Qne wirnefa. Notice, prepared and signed as hereinbefore is directed, had been given to or left for a Person appointed and notified to be a Surveyor of the Pavements of such parochial or other Diftridl wherein the Pavement described in such Notice may be situate, and according to the Diredlions of this A<ft, and that the Part of the Pavements in any Street or public Place described in such Notice, and being in a State dangerous to PafTengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to PafTengers and Carriages, had not been fuf-ficiently repaired within the time hereinbefore limited by this A6f, according to the Cofts and Charges which mull be incurred in and about such Reparation; then such Justices of the Peace, by a Summons under their Hands, fhali require the said Person, being appointed and notified to be a Surveyor of the Pavements for the parochial or other Piftridl wherein the Pavement of any Street or public Place dangerous to PafTengers, or so very defedlive as aforesaid, fhali be situate, to or for whom the said Notice, prepared and signed as aforesaid, fhali have been given or left, according to the Directions of this ACt, to appear before them the said Justices, at .a Place and time to be mentioned in such Summons, (and the Time being Twenty four Hours at the lead after the said Summons fhali have been given to the said Surveyor, or fhali have been left for him at his Dwelling House or Office within the parochial or other Diftrid the Pavement whereof he fhali be appointed to survey, inferibed on the Boards hereinbefore directed to be fet up in every parochial and other DiftriCt within the JurifdiCfion of this ACt,) and then and there to show Caufe why the Pavement described in the Surveyor to show said Notice hath not been fufftciently repaired according to such Caufe why Notice, within the times hereinbefore by this A6f limited, according Pavement not to the Expence which must be incurred in and about such Repair ; rePajrefl-and that if the said Surveyor, or some Person authorized by him fhali not attend before the said Justices at the time and Place mentioned in such Summons, or if he or such other Person authorized by him shall then and there attend, and fhali not show to them the said Justices a fuflicient Caufe or fufftcient Caufes why the said Pavement described in the said Notice given to or left for the said Surveyor as hereinbefore is directed, and every Part thereof, hath not been sufficiently repaired according to such Notice, then and upon Proof upon Oath by Two or more credible WitnefTes that the Pavement described in the said Notice is then dangerous to Paf-fengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, and that the fame is situate within the parochial or other Diftridt for which the said Surveyor fhali have been appointed and notified as appointed to act, it fhali and may be lawful to and for the said Justices* by Order under their on Default. Juf-

Handi tices may order

Hosted

57-1

Cxxix.

57° GEO. III.

Surveyor to pay Money expended, and to repair.

Proceedings on the said Order.

If Surveyor ftiow that Notice not duly given, &c.

Justices may dif-mifs Coro plaint, and inflitt

Penalty of 40s,

AJD. 181?.

Hands and Seals, to order and direct that the said Surveyor shall pay to the Person or Persons by whom the said Notice shall have been1 signed as aforesaid, such Sum of Money as he or they shall have legally expended for the Cofts and Charges of such Summons and Order, and which said Sum of Money so by the said Justices ordered to be paid by the said Surveyor shall and may be recovered in the same manner in which any other Forfeitures and Penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this A£t ; and the said Justices shall also then and there, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, order the said Surveyor to sufficiently repair or cause to be repaired all the Pavement described in the said Notice being in a State dangerous to PafTengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, and being in the parochial or other Diftridl wherein he the said Surveyor shall have been appointed to act as Surveyor of the Pavement, within Three Days then next if the Cofts and Charges of and about such Repair will not exceed the Sum of Two Pounds, and within Seven Days then next if the Cofts and Charges of and about the said Repair will not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, and within Twenty eight Days then next if the Cofts and Charger of and about such Repair will exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds but will not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and within Six Weeks then next if the Cofts and Charges of and about such Repair will exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds ; and the said Order of the said Two Justices of the Peace, within Twenty four Hours after the fame shall be made, shall be given to the said Surveyor, or left for him at his Dwelling House or Office within the Parifh or other Diftrift the Pavement whereof he shall be appointed to survey, inferibed on the said Boards hereinbefore directed to be fet up, and shall be obeyed and performed by him ; and he the said Surveyor shall sufficiently repair the said Pavements, or cause the fame to be sufficiently repaired, within the time to be directed by the said Order, at the Cofts and Charges of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of that parochial or other Diftrift wherein the Pavements shall be situate which by such Order shall be so ordered to be repaired 5 but if the said Surveyor, or any Person authorized by him, shall attend before the said Justices at the time and Place mentioned in such Summons, and shall show to the said Justices that such Notice was not prepared and signed and given or left according to the Dire&ions of tBis A£t, or that the Pavement described in such Notice was not in a State dangerous to PafTengers, or was not in a State so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to PafTengers and Carriages, either at the time of the Delivery of such Notice, or at the time of the Application of the Person or Persons signing such Notice to such Justices, or shall then and there show to such Justices such other Caufe or Caufes as they shall deem sufficient why the said Pavements have not been repaired according to such Notice, then and iri any or either of the said Cafes the said Justices shall dismiss the said Com-1 plaint of the Person or Persons by whom the said Notice shall haVe been signed as aforesaid, and by an Order under their Hands and Seals shall declare that filch Person or Persons having signed the said Notice, and having made the Application arijd Complaint to them the said Justices, hath or have forfeited the Sum of Forty Shillings, and shall direct the fameJBum of: Forty Shillings to be paid by him . 1	or

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

575

or them to the said Surveyor or other Person authorized by him,

then attending before the said Judices, for his own Ufe and Benefit;

and such Sum of Forty Shillings so forfeited shall be recovered in

the manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are hereinafter

diredled to be recovered by virtue of this A61 : Provided always, proviso where

and be it hereby also ena6ted, That if it shall appear to the said Expence otRe-

Judices of the Peace that the Cods and Charges of and about the J^a^o^he^0**

Repair of any Pavement so by them ordered to be repaired as afore- cotripieteci within

said will exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, or that such Reparation six Weeks.

cannot be probably completed within Six Weeks then next, then and

in such case, or under any other special Circumdances, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Judices to extend any of the

times for completing the Repair of any such Pavement to fome

other time beyond the Period of Six Weeks, or beyond the other

Periods mentioned by this A6t, at their Difcretion, and so that fuch

Repair be completed with all the Expedition which the Extent of

such Repair and such special Circumdances, in the Judgment of the

said Judices of the Peace, will permit.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That if any Person from time Surveyors ne-to time hereafter, being the Surveyor of the Pavements of any paro. gle&ing to attend chial or other Didri6t within the Jurifdiftion of this A6t, and being	^L,ft)ces>or.

fummoned by any Two Judices of the Peace as hereinbefore is di- orders!^ re6!ed, shall refuse or negle^ either personally or by some Person authorized by him, to attend before such Judices at the time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, or shall refuse or negle6l to perform and obey any Order which may be legally made by such Two Judices of the Peace, under their Hands and Seals, as hereinbefore is directed, and which shall direct, according to the Provi-fions of this A6i, the Reparation of any Pavements dangerous to any Paffengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Paflengers and Carriages in any Streets or public Places within the parochial or other Didridl for which he shall be appointed to a6i as a Surveyor of the Pavements, and to perform and obey the fame within the time specified therein, (he having Notice thereof as hereinbefore is directed, and not being prevented from the Obfer-vance and Performance of such Order by Frod or other unavoidable Circumdances, or by the Negledt or Proceedings of any Water or Gas Company, or Commissioners of Sewers,) then and in such case the said Person being the Surveyor as aforefais shall forfeit and pay for such Refufal or Negledt any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for the Fird Offence and a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds for First Offence, a Second Offence, and a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds for every Second Offence, Third Offence, to be recovered in such manner as other Penalties or Third Offence. Forfeitures are by this A6t hereinafter directed to be recovered, and to be paid, when recovered, to the Churchwardens or Overseers of Penalties.

Poor of the Parifh or Didridt wherein any such dangerous or defective Pavement shall be situate, and to be by them applied to and for the Ufe of the Poor of such Parifh or Didrift, and in aid of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parifh or District, and to no other Person or Persons, and for no other Ufe or Purpofe what-foever ; and such Person who shall be guilty of such Third Offence shall thereafter become difqualiffed from acting in the said Office of DiiquaUfctL a Surveyor of the Pavements in the fame or in any other parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdiftion of this Adt, and from being

re-appointed!

Hosted

Provifo for Re-jmburfement of Cofts incurred by any Person in Performance of Orders of Com-miflioners, tfcc.

Notice of Appointment of Surveyor to be given to Water ind Gas Com-p. arises.

end Commit oners of Sewers*

Provifo as to Ne-ceflity of giving

C.xxix.	h7°	GEO. III.	A.D. 1317.

re-appointed or appointed thereto, and from acting therein, either gratuitoufiy or othenvile, or under any Pretence whatfoyer, unless he shall so aft under the Direction and by the Command of the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed : Provided always, that all Cods, Charges and Expences which such Person, being the Surveyor of the Pavements of any parochial or other District, shall incur or expend in and about the Obfervance and Performance of any such Order made by the fa id Two Juflices of the Peace as aforesaid for the Reparation of the Pavements in such parochial or other Diftrift being dangerous to Paffengers or very defective as aforesaid, as hereinbefore is directed, or which he shall incur or be put unto in consequence of his Refufal or Negleft to perform and obey any such Order by the Directions in Writing of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other Diftrift for which he may be appointed to aft, shall be forthwith paid or reimbursed to him by such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, out of the Monies which they shall then poftess, or shall first thereafter receive, by virtue or on account of any Rates or AffefT-ments thentofore or thereafter made, for and towards the Expences of the Paving or Reparation of the Pavement of such parochial or other District, or otherwise, by virtue of any local Aft or Afts of Parliament, or by virtue of this Aft.

X. And be it further enacted, That from time to time, when and as often as any Person shall be appointed by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, to be a Surveyor of the Pavements of the Streets-and public Places irf such parochial or other District, such Appointment shall be notified, within Seven Days after every such Appointment, by the Clerk or Clerks or some other Officer of such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons, to a Clerk, Secretary or some Officer or Servant of each of the several Companies for the Supply of Water, or Proprietors of Water Works, commonly and hereinafter called and described as 6 Water Companies,5 and of each of the several Companies or Societies or Proprietors of Works for the Supply of inflammable Air or Gas or Gas Lights, commonly and hereinafter called and described * Gas Light Companies/ whose Pipes for the Conveyance of Water or Gas may or shall then be laid beneath the Surface of any of the Streets or public Places within each of such parochial or other Diftrifts for which such Surveyor shall have been so appointed, and also to a Clerk or Secretary of the Commissioners of Sewers then having Jurifdiftion over the common and public Drains and Sewers within every such parochial or other District, by a Notice in Writing to be signed by such Clerk or Clerks or other proper Officer of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, and to be given to a Clerk, Secretary or some other Officer or Servant of the said several Water and Gas Light Companies, or to a Clerk or Secretary of such Commissioners of Sewers, or to be left for them or some or one of them at their or some or one of their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houfes or Place or Places of Abode, or at an Office or Counting House for the time being of each of such Water and Gas Light Companies or Commif-fioners of Sewers: Provided, that it /hall not be neceftary to give

any

Hosted

C. xxix.

577

any fach Notice to any Water or Gas Light Companies or Commissioners of Sewers which shall not have previously notilied that their Pipes or Drains and Sewers have been and are placed beneath the Streets or public Places within each of such parochial or other Dif-trifts, to the Clerk or Clerks or other proper Officer of the Com-miffioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places within each of such parochial or other Diftrifts respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Water or Gas Light Company, or for any Commissioners of Sewers, or any Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of them or any of them, or on their Account, to break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements in any of the Streets or public Places within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, for the Purpofe of making and laying down any Main or Mains of Pipes, or of making any Sewer, Vault or Drain, or for any other Purpofe (except for the Purpofe of altering the Pofition of, or of repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of substituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain), unless Notice in Writing of their Intention to break or take up such Pavement, signed by the principal Clerk or Secretary of such Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers for the time being, or by their Surveyor, or Infpeftor, or Turncock for the time being, specifying the Street or public Place, and the particular Part of such Street or public Place in which such Pavement is intended to be broken or taken up, shall have been given to a Surveyor of the Pavements for the time being of the parochial or other Diftrift wherein such Street or public Place the Pavement whereof is so intended to be broken or taken up shall be situate, or shall have been left for him at his Dwelling-houfe or Office within such parochial or other District, for the Space of Three Days at the least before such Pavement or any Part thereof shall be so broken or taken up for the Purpofes aforesaid ; and that no Gas Light Company shall break or take up or disturb, or cause to be broken or taken up or disturbed, the Pavement of any Street or public Place for the Purpofe of laying down any new Mains or Pipes, without the Confent in Writing of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District, signified under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks,, or other proper Officer or Officers, first obtained; and also, that any Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, or any of them, who shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements in any of the Streets or public Places within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, for the Purpofe of altering the Pofition of or repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of substituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain, shall give such Notice thereof as aforesaid, signed as aforesaid, and in manner aforesaid, unto such Surveyor as aforesaid, within Twelve Hours after any such Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, or any Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of them, or any of them or on their Account, shall begin to break or take up, or to cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavements for the Purpofes last aforesaid ; and that if any such Water or Gas Light Company, or 57 Geo. HI.	Pp	any

Notice in certain cases.

Previous Notice to be given by the said Companies and Commissioners of Sewers to Surveyors before they break up any Pavement, except for Repairs, Sec,

and to have Confent of Commissioners, Sec.

Notice after beginning to break up for Repairs, Sec. of Pipes, See.

Companiesj Sec, breaking op

Hosted

C. xxix.

57® GEO. HI.

A.D. 1817-

5’J'o

without Notice, (Exception)

Penalty.

New Mains of Wacer Pipes, <kc. to be made of Iron only.

Not laid down during the Months of December, January or February,

And lo from Ten Year:, front pafliug this, Act.

any Commissioners of Sewers, or any Person or Persons a<fting by or under their Authority, or on their Account, shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavement (except for the Purpofe of altering the Pofition of or repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of substituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain) without such Three Days previous Notice being given or left as aforesaid ; or if any Gas Light Company shall break or take up or difttirb, or cause to be broken or taken up or disturbed, any of such Pavement, for the Purpofe of laying down any new Mains or Pipes, without such Confent as aforesaid ; or if any Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, who may break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements aforesaid, for the Purpofe of altering the Pofition of or of repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of substituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain, shall refuse or neglecft to give or leave, or to cause to be given or left, such Notice thereof as aforesaid within Twelve Hours after any such Water or Gas Light Company, or Commif-ftoners of Sewers, or any Person or Persons atfting by or under the Authority of them, or any of them, or on their Account, {ball begin to break or to take up, or to cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavements, then and in every or any such case, the Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or Persons so breaking or taking up the fame Pavement, or any Part thereof, or cauiing or diretfting the fame to be broken or taken up, or under whose Authority or on whose Account the fame shall be so broken or taken up, or the Persons so breaking or taking up the fame, shall forfeit and pay to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements within the parochial or other Diftri<ft in which such Pavement so broken or taken up or disturbed shall be situate, or to their Treasurer, Clerk or Surveyor, or to such other Person as they may appoint, the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Square Foot of Pavement which shall be so broken or taken up without such Notice or Confent as aforesaid, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this A<ft.

XII. And be it further ena<sted, That all new or complete Mains or Pipes for the Conveyance of Water, or inflammable Air or Gas, which after the palling of this A<ft shall be laid down beneath the Surface of any Streets or Public Places within the Jurifdi<ftion of this A<ft, by or on account of any Water or Gas Light Company, and whether such new or complete Main of Pipes shall or {ball not be substituted for or added to any other complete Main or Mains of Pipes for the Conveyance of Water or inflammable Air or Gas, then-tofore laid down for the Conveyance of Water or of inflammable Air or Gas, shall consist and be made of Iron alone, and of no other Material ; and that the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within the Jurifdi<ftion of this A (ft, or any Part thereof, shall not be broken or taken up for the Purpofe of laying down any new Main of Pipes, for the Conveyance of Water or of inflammable Air or Gas, during any Part of the Months of December, January or February in any Year ; and also, that from and after Ten Years from the passing of this A (ft all and every new Main Pipe and Pipes for the Conveyance

Hosted

A.D.1817.	57°GEO. III.	C.xxix.

ance of Water, or of inflammable Air or Gas, which shall be laid down by or on account of any Water or Gas Light Company, or other Persons, shall consist and be made of Iron alone, and of no other Material; and all and every new Service and other Pipes shall not consist or be made of Wood, but shall consist or be made of Iron or Lead, or of some durable Material; and that if any Water or Gas Light Company, or any other Person, shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any such Pavement for the Pur-pofes aforesaid during the Months aforesaid, or shall lay or cause to be laid down any Pipes consisting or made of any Materials in Violation of the Provifions of this A61, then and in every such case the Company or other Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Square Foot of Pavement which shall be Penalty, so broken or taken up by them or on their Account, and the like Sum for every Foot in Length of Pipe which shall be so laid down consisting or made of any such Material; and which said Forfeitures and Penalties shall be recoverable in the same manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this A61 : Provided always, that nothing herein contained Proviio for shall extend or be construed to extend to hinder or prevent any Water Com-Water Company, at any time within or after the Space of Ten Years ^ei^n^Mains2 from the passing of this A£t, from repairing all or any of their en aans* present Mains or Service Pipes, which are not conftrudfed of Iron, with Wood or such other Materials whereof such Mains or Pipes are now conftru61ed.

XIII.	And be it further enabled. That it shall and may be lawful Plans of Pipes to and for any Person appointed to act as a Surveyor of the Pave- and Sewers imy ments in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdi61ion of this	q£ h/

A61, and to and for any other Person or Persons appointed by the pavement °&r, Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any such parochial or other Diftrids, when he shall be directed so to do by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he or they shall be appointed to act, from time to time and at any times between the Flours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and of Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day not being a Sunday or Holiday appointed by Law, at the Office or Counting House of any Water or Gas Light Company, any of whole Pipes for the Conveyance of Water or of inflammable Air or Gas shall then be laid beneath the Surface of any of the Streets or public Places within each of such parochial or other Diftridfs, the Pavements whereof shall be under the Control of such several Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or for which any such Surveyor shall be appointed to act, and at the Office of any Commissioners of Sewers then having Jurifdidtion over the common and public Drains and Sewers within every such parochial or other Diftrids, to examine and inspect any and every Map or Plan, or Draft or Survey, or Delineation or Description, of all and every the Main of Pipes and Pipes belonging to any of such Water or Gas Light Companies, then possessed by them, or being in their Cuftody or Power, and any and every Map or Plan, or Draft or Survey, Delineation or Defcrip-tion, of the common and public Drains or Sewers being within such parochial or other Diftrids, and under the Jurifdidfion of such Com-miffioners of Sewers, then possessed by them, or being in their Cuftody or Power, he such Surveyor for the time being, or fuch

P p 2	other

Hosted

580

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Notice thereof in Writing.

Officers of Companies, &c. to notify their Names and Places of Abode to Clerks of Commiffioneis or to Surveyors of Pavements.

Penalty.

other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, having given to a Clerk or Secretary of any such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or having left at the Office or Counting House of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, Two Days previous Notice in Writing of his or their Intention to attend at the Office or Counting House of such Companies or Commissioners of Sewers for the Purpofe aforesaid ; and that the Secretary or Clerk, or/ome other Officer of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers ffiall then and there produce and ffiow, or cause to be produced and ffiown, unto such Surveyor or other Person or Persons, all and every the Maps, Plans, Drafts, Surveys, Delineations and Defcriptions aforesaid, in the Cuftody or Power of the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers, and ffiall permit him or them then and there to take Extracts therefrom, or Copies thereof, or of and from any of them, or any Part of any of them, so far as may relate to the Mains of Pipes or Pipes, and to the public or common Sewers or Drains which ffiall be laid or be beneath the Surface of the Streets or public Places within the parochial or other Diftrift for which such Surveyor of Pavements, or other Person or Persons appointed by any such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of Pavements, ffiall be deputed or directed to act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Secretaries or Clerks, Surveyors or Infpedlors, and the several and respective Turncocks employed or appointed, or hereafter being employed or appointed by all and every the Water and Gas Light Companies, any of whose Pipes ffiall be laid beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdi&ion of this A<ft, and also all and every the Clerk and Clerks, Secretary and Secretaries appointed or being hereafter appointed by any Commissioners of Sewers whose Jurifdi6tion ffiall extend over the common or public Drains or Sewers within every such parochial or other District, within Forty Days next after the passing of this A&, or within the Space of Five Days next after he or they ffiall be hereafter severally appointed to such several Offices, Situations or Employments, ffiall give Notice in Writing to each and every of the Clerk or Clerks to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements, or to the Surveyor and Surveyors of the Pavements of each parochial or other District, beneath the Surface of the Streets or public Places wherein the Mains or Pipes of such Company, or any of them, ffiall be laid, or there ffiall be any common or public Drains or Sewers within the Jurifdi&ion of such Commissioners of Sewers, of his, their and every of their Christian and Surnames and Place or Places of Abode, and of the Company or Commissioners of Sewers by whom he or they is or are, or hath or have been so appointed or emploved, and also of the Place which is appointed as the Office or Counting House of the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers ; and that in case any such Person or Persons ffiall negle£t to give such Notice within the refpe&iive times aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending in either of the said Cafes ffiall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this A6t.

XV. And

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

581

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall appear to any Person appointed to a <51 as a Surveyor of Pavements in any parochial or other D.i-ftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this A£t, that any Pipe or Pipes, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing belonging to any Water or Gas Light Company, or that any public Sewer beneath the Surface'of the Pavement of any Street or public Place within such parochial or other District, be broken or damaged, it shall be, lawful for such Surveyor, and he is hereby required, to give immediate Notice, signed by himself, to the Company or Commissioners of Sewers to whom it may appear to him that such Pipe or Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, .or Sewer, doth or may belong, by either giving such Notice to a Clerk or Secretary, or to a Turncock of such Company, or to a Clerk or Secretary of such Commissioners of Sewers, or to some or one of them, or by leaving the fame at the Place or Places of Abode of some or one of them, or at the Office or Counting House of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, and. shall require that such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, or Sewer^ be examined, and, if needful, that such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing be repaired, altered, amended or renewed, and such Sewer be repaired by such Company or Commissioners of Sewers; and thats within Forty eight Hours after such Notice shall be so given or left as aforesaid, the said Company or Commissioners pf Sewers, to or for whom, or to or for whose Officer or Servant such Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, shall cause to be taken up the Pavement of the Street or public Place beneath which the Pipe, Stopcock,. Plug or other defective Thing, or Sewer, shall be, and shall cause the Ground to be opened,, and shall also cause the said Pipe,- Stopcock, Plug or other Thing to be fubflantially repaired, , altered, amended or renewed, or the said Sewer to be examined, ana/, if necefiary, to be fubflantially repaired, and the Ground properly filled in with hard Rubbifh or other good Materials, and rammed downs, within Forty eight Hours next after, such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, or with all convenient Expedition, in the Judgment of the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other Diftridl wherein such Pavement, Street, or public Place shall be situate, and to their Satisfaction, or the Satisfaction of any Three or more of them and also within Twelve Hours, after such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing shall be so fubflantially repaired, altered, amended or renewed, or such Sewer shall be so fubflantially repaired, and the Ground above the fame shall be so filled in and rammed down, the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall cause Notice thereof, iigned by the Clerk or Secretary to such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, to be given to the said Surveyor of Pavements, or to the Pavior or Paviors or other Persons then employed or appointed by the Commissioners or Truflees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other Difirid, to pave and repair the Pavements within such parochial or other District, as the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons for the time being may from time to time. direCf, that such Examination, and, if necef-fary,. such Reparation, Aiteration, Amendment or Renewal, hath been made pursuant to such Notice of the Surveyor of Pavements, and that the Ground hath been refilled and rammed down, that the Pavement in such Street or public Place may be forthwith relaid in

P p 3	the

Surveyor may require Repair of Pipes and Drains when defective.

Notice to be given to repair them.

f Sit,

To be done -within 48 Hours from Notice; f Sic. .

and Notice thereof to Commissioners, &c.

Hosted

-582

Company to whom the Pipes belong not repairing and giving Notice thereof to Surveyor, &c.

First Offence.

Second Offence. Subfequent Offence. Penalty.

Where Notice not made to the proper Company,

Proceeding!’.

C.xxix.	57° GEO. III.	A.D.	1817*

the manner directed by this Aft ; and in case the Water or Ga3 Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, to or for whom such Notice of the Surveyor of Pavements shall have been given or left as aforesaid, and to whom such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing or Sewer, referred to in such Notice shall belong, shall neglect to cause the fame to be repaired, altered or amended, or renewed, as the case may be, and the Ground to be filled in and rammed down to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other Diltrift, or any Three or more of them, within the time hereinbefore limited and appointed for those Purposes, or shall neglect to give or cause to be given Notice thereof as aforesaid to the said Surveyor of the Pavements, or to the Pavior or Paviors, or other Persons employed or appointed by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, to pave and repair the Pavement within such parochial or other Diftrift ; then the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall for the first Negleft and Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the second Negleft and Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Eight Pounds, and for the third and every subsequent Negleft and Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are directed to be recovered by virtue of this Aft.

XVL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen and it shall be discovered, after any Pavement in any Street or public Place shall have been taken up, and the Ground shall have been opened, that any Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, beneath the Surface of the Pavement of any Street or public Place, which fnall have appeared to any Surveyor of Pavements to require to be repaired, altered, amended or renewed, shall not belong to the Water or Gas Company to or for whom such Notice for the Preparation, Aiteration, Amendment or Renewal thereof as aforesaid shall have been given or left as is hereinbefore directed by the said Surveyor, but to some other Water or Gas Company, or to some other Persons, then such Company to or for whom the said Notice of the said Surveyor of Pavements shall have been given or left, within Twenty four Hours after the Notice from the said Surveyor of Pavements fnall have been given or left as aforesaid, shall cause a Notice, signed by the Secretary or Clerk, to be given in the same manner hereinbefore directed as to the Service of the original Notice to the Company or other Persons to whom the Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing shall appear to belong, which did appear to the said Surveyor of Pavements to require Reparation, Aiteration, Amendment or Renewal, and shall thereby require them to obey and perform and comply with the said original Notice from the said Surveyor of Pavements, instead of the Company to whom such original Notice had been given; and that such Company or other Persons to whom such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing shall belong, shall reim-burfe and pay on Demand to the first mentioned Company to or for whom the original Notice may have been given or left, the reasonable Cofts and Charges which they shall have incurred in and about taking up the Pavements and opening she Ground, and shall obey, execute, and perform the said original Notice of the said Surveyor, and the Directions of this Aft relating thereto, in such and the same manner,

and

Hosted

A.D. 1817.	57° GEO. III.	C. xxix.	583

and within such and the same time, in all respects, as if the said original Notice from the said Surveyor had been given to them \ and Penalty, they shall be liable to and shall incur the fame Penalties and Forfeitures on Negledl so to do, as they ought to have done, or would have been liable to, and would have incurred, if the said original Notice had been given to them in manner before directed ; and that Company open-the Company by whom the Pavements shall be first taken up and the ^vjn^No-H* Ground shall be opened, who shall neglect to give the Notices hereby ™(fompan/io* required to the Company to whom the Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or wh0m Pipe other Thing which shall appear to the Surveyor of the Pavements belongs, to require Reparation, Aiteration, Amendment or Renewal, shall appear to belong, in manner hereinbefore directed, shall for the first First Offence. Negleft and Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and Second Offence, for the second Neglect and Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Eight Pounds, and for the third and every subsequent Subfequent Negle£t and Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, Offence, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and For- ena feitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Adf.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever after the passing Repairs and of this A£t any Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners Works by pora-of Sewers, pursuant to the Provifions hereinbefore contained, shall executed -with ^ take up or cause to be taken up any Pavement of any Street or ^ convenient public Place in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidfion Expedition; of this A eft, or shall place in any Street or public Place any Pipes or other Materials and Things, for the Purpofe of executing any Works beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place, or otherwise, all and every such Works shall be executed and completed within such reasonable time as the Commissioners or Trustees, or any other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in such parochial or other Diftri£t, or any Three or more of them, shall from time to time and at any time direct and appoint; and also, that all such Pipes or other Materials and Things shall be and remain on the Surface of any such Street or public Place, and of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftri£i, for no longer Period than shall be unavoidably necessary in the Judgment of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or any Three or more of them ; and also that the fame and pipes, &rc. Pipes or other Materials and Things shall be from time to time and removed at all times removed and taken away off and from the Surface of any and every Street or public Place by the Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, or by the Officers or Servants of the Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, by whom or by whose Order, or by whose Officers or Servants, or for whose Offices or Works, all or any such Pipes or other Materials or Things shall have been brought to and placed on the Surface of such Streets or public Places, or any of them, and at their Cofts and Charges, within Forty within Forty eight Hours after such Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall eight Hours on have been required to remove and take away the fame by the Com- ^0tice-miffioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other Diftrids, or any Three or more of them, by a Notice flgned by Three or more of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, and given to such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or left for them at the Dwelling

P p 4?	Houfe

584

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.18I7.

Neglecting to comply with Notice.

Offence.

Second Offence.

Subfequent

Offence.

Penalty.

Rubbifh and Obftru£tions occasioned in Streets by the Repairs of Pipes, ivvC. to be speedily removed

on Notice-

Negle&ing,

House or Place of Abode of any Secretary or Clerk or Turncock employed by such Company, or of a Clerk or Secretary to such Commissioners of Sewers, or at the Office or Counting House of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers ; and that in case any Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall at any time or times neglect to comply with any and every such Notice, and to obey all and every the Directions which the said Commissioners or Trustees or~ other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other DiftriCt, or any of them, are by this ACt authorized and empowered to give, then and in every or any such case such Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall for the First NegleCt and Offence forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the Second NegleCt and Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Eight Pounds, and for the Third and every subsequent NegleCt and Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are directed to be recovered by virtue of this ACL

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Dirt, Gravel, Filth? Rubbifh and other Things, which at any time or times after the palling of this ACt shall be placed, collected or occasioned by or by means of any Water or Gas Light Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or of any Repairs or other Works executed and performed or intended to be executed and performed by their Officers or Servants, or by their Orders or Directions, or on their Account, in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DiftriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, by the taking up of the Pavement of such Streets or public Places, or any of them, or by opening the Ground beneath the, Surface of such Streets or public Places, or by the Execution of the Works of any Water or Gas Eight Company or otherwise, or which shall be in anywise consequent thereon or incidental thereto, in the Judgment of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any such parochial or other DiftriCt, or any Three or more of them, shall be from time to time and at all times collected and removed and carried away, by or at the Colls and Charges of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, with all practicable Expedition, and to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other DiftriCt, or any Three or more of them \ and that such Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall especially so do whenever they shall be required so to do by any Notice from such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other DiftriCt, or any Three of them, or from any Surveyor of the Pavements appointed by them, signed by them or him and given to such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or left for them at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of any Secretary or Clerk or Turncock employed by such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or at any Office or Counting House of such Company, or of any Clerk or Secretary to any such Commissioners of Sewers; and that in case any such Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall negleCt to colle£t, carry away and remove, or cause to be collected, carried away and removed, from all and every such Streets and public Places, all such Dirt, Gravel, Filth, Rubbifh and other Things whatsoever, within Twenty four

Hours

C. xxix.

585

57° GEO. III.

Hours after any such Notice shall be from time to time given or left as aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of such Commilfioners or Trustees, or other Persons by whom any such Notice shall be signed, then the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall for every such Negled and Offence forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered and applied by virtue of this Aft.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from time to time and at all times after the pafhng of this Aft, all and every Water or Gas Light Company or Commissioners of Sewers, who /hall take up or shall cause or direct the taking up of any Pavement in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftrifl within the Jurif-di&ion of this Aft, for the Purpofe of laying down or repairing any Pipe or other Thing, or any Sewer or Drain beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place, or for executing any other Works or otherwise, from time to time and at all times, from the Commencement until the Completion of all and every such Works, and from the breaking up of the said Pavement of any Street or public. Place until the fame Pavement shall be relaid and repaved, at their Colls and Charges (uniefs the said Works shall be completed during the Day on which the said Works shall be commenced) ffiall place or cause to be placed such Pofts, Rails, Bars or Ropes, Lanthorns and Watclimen, in any and every such Street or public Place, and adopt and execute all such other Means for the Prevention of any Accidents or Mifchief to any Paffengers, Horfes, Cattle or Carriages, and every other public Inconvenience, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Favements of the parochial or other DiftriCt wherein any such Street or public Place shall be situate, or of a Surveyor of Pavements, or other Officer or Person appointed by them, in the manner and whenever from time to time such Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall be required so to do by such Surveyor of the Pavements, or any Officer or Person appointed by the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other DiftriCt, by any Notice to be signed by him or them, and given to such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or left for them at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of any Secretary or Clerk or Turncock employed by such Company, or of any Clerk or Secretary to any such Commissioners of Sewers, or at any Office or Counting House of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers ; and that in case any such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, for Three Hours after any such Notice as aforesaid, signed as aforesaid, be given or left as aforesaid, shall neglect to place, or shall neglect to continue for the time before limited, in any Street or public Place, such Pofts, Rails, Bars or Ropes, Lanthorns and Watclimen, or to adopt and execute any and every other Means for the Purpofes aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other DiftriCt wherein any such Street or public Place ffiall be situate, or of a Surveyor of Pavements or other Officer or Person appointed by them, by whom any such Notice ffiall be signed, pursuant to and in the manner directed by any such Notice as aforesaid given or left as aforesaid, then and in every such case the said Company or Commissioners of

Sewers

Penalty 5L

Bars, Watchmen and other Securities are to be provided during Repairs of Pavement:*, to prevent Accidents,

on Notice.

Neglecting,

Hosted

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

renalty 51.

Breaches in the Pavement may be inclosed by Surveyor.

By whom coPs paid.

Stand Cocks placed dining Ftofts3

to the Satisfaction of Surveyor.

Penalty 203.

Work3 neglected by Companies, &c.

Sewers shall for every such NegleCt and Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be also recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this ACt.

XX. And be it hereby further enabled, That in case at any time or times hereafter any Pavement in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DillriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt shall by the breaking or falling in or Decay of any Sewer or Drain, Ceffpool or Watercourse, or any Pipe or Pipes, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, become broken or irregular, so as to be dangerous or hazardous to Palfengers or Carriages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Surveyor of the Pavements for any such parochial or other Difbri6t to cause and direct such Part of the Pavements of any Streets or Public Places as he shall deem so dangerous or hazardous to be forthwith inclosed, in such manner, by such Persons, and with such Materials as he may direct, and as may be needful to prevent such Danger and Hazard to Palfengers or Carriages ; and that the Coils and Charges incurred thereabouts shall be ascertained and determined by him, and shall be paid and discharged by the Commissioners of Sewers, Water or Gas Company, or other Person or Persons to whom the Sewer or Drain, Ceffpool or Watercourse, Pipe or Pipes, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing so broken, fallen in or decayed, and by the Breach, falling in or Decay whereof such Breach or Irregularity of the Pavements as aforesaid may have been occasioned, and shall and may be certified to them or him, and be paid by them or him within the time, and shall and may be recovered from them or him in such and the fame mariner as is by this ACt directed, limited and authorized as to any Monies to become due from any Persons whom-foever for the Coils and Charges of repairing or paving or repaving any Pavements of any Streets or public Places by the Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DillriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt.

XXI.	And be it further enabled. That no Water Company whose Mains or Pipes shall be laid beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other DillriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, shall place or fet up, or cause to be placed or fet up, any Stand Cock or Pump, or other Xnftrurnent, Machine or Thing, for the Supply of Water in times of Froft or otherwise, in any public Street or Place within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, which shall be furnished with any other than a Metal Cock and Spout, to be to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor of the Pavements for such parochial or other DiftriCl for the time being ; and that any Water Company who shall fet up or cause to be fet up any other Stand Cock, Pump or other Inflrument, Machine or Thing, furnished with any other than a Metal Cock and Spout, in any Street or public Place, and which shall not be to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor of the Pavements for such parochial or other DiflriCt, shall forfeit and shall pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter direCled to be recovered by virtue of this ACt*

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Water or Gas Eight Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, at any time or times after the passing of this ACt, shall negleCt to take up the Pavement

14	in

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

587

in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this A61 ; or to open any Ground beneath the Surface of such Street or public Place ; or substantially to repair, alter, amend or renew any Pipe, Plug, Stopcock or other Thing, or any public Sewer, as the case may be ; or to give the Notices required by this A61 to any other Company, or to any Paviors, Surveyors of Pavements or other Persons; or to remove or take away any Pipes or other Materials or Things from any Street or public Place; or to collect and carry away or remove all Dirt, Gravel, Filth, Rubbifh and other Things, from any Street or public Place ; or to place and continue Pods, Rails, Bars or Ropes, Lanthorns and Watclimen, in any Street or public Place ; or to do and execute all and every such Works and Things, and all or any other Works and Things directed and required by this A 61 to be done and executed by any such Company or Commillioners of Sewers, and pursuant to any Notice given or left as herein directed by any Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places within any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this Adi ; or by the Surveyors of Pavements, or other Officers or Persons appointed by them or otherwise, and to their respective Satisfaction, and within the several times and Periods specified and directed by this Act; then and in every or any of such cases, and at all times afterwards, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for any Surveyor of the Pavement of the parochial or other Diftridl wherein the Street or public Place shall be situate as to which any such Neglect ffiall occur, and all and every such Surveyors are hereby empowered and required, forthwith to cause all and every such several Works, Matters and Things, which ffiall not be executed and performed by every such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or which ffiall not be well, substantially and effectually executed and performed to his or their Satisfaction, or to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he or they ffiall be appointed, within the times and Periods limited by this Act, to be well and effectually performed, to his or their Satisfaction, or to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as afore-said, as herein provided, at the Cofts and Charges of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers who ffiall have so neglected well, substantially and effectually to perform and execute the fame, and every of them, and every Part thereof; and that such Cofts and Charges and every of them ffiall be reimbursed and paid by any and every such Company or Commissioners of Sewers to such Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or to the Person or Persons employed by him or them to perform and execute any or every of such Works, or to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other Diftrict within which such Works ffiall be performed and executed, or to their Treasurer, or to such other Person or Persons as such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons ffiall from time to time appoint to receive the fame; and that the Amount of such Cofts and Charges, and of the Monies so to be paid, being directed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, ffiall be ascertained and notified, and certified and recovered, (over and above all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures which may be incurred for any such Negledl by virtue of this A61,) in the same manner in which any Cofts and

Charge*

may be executed by Surveyors of Pavements.

Charges reimbursed to Surveyor by CommiHioners,

The Amount thereof nfcer-tained and recovered.

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 181

C. xxix.

Pavements taken up by Companies, See. to be relaid by Commissioners of Pavements.

Charges thereof ascertained and certified,

Charges which may be incurred, and any Monies which may become due, for and about and in respect of the relaying or repairing of any Pavements hereafter broken or taken up in any Streets or public Places by or by the Direction or on Account of any Company, Com-miffioners of Sewers or other Persons, are to be ascertained and notified and certified, and may be recovered by virtue of this A61.

XXIII. And be it further ena6led, That when and as often as any Pavement of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdi&ion of this A 61 shall be broken or taken up by any Water or Gas Light Company, or by any Commissioners of Sewers, or by any Person or Persons acting by or under their re-fpe6tive Orders or Authorities, or by any other Person or Persons by the Directions of this A£t, or by and with or without the Con-fent of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diftri6t wherein any Street or public Place shall be situate, the Pavements whereof or any Part whereof shall be broken or taken up, then all such Part and Parts of the Pavements of any such Street or public Place which from time to time and at all times shall be so broken or taken up as aforesaid, and the Pavement contiguous thereto, as far as may be rendered necessary in the Judgment of a Surveyor of Pavements to such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other Diftri6t, and after the Ground opened shall be refilled and rammed down pursuant to the Dire6tions of this A6t, shall be with all convenient Speed completely and substantially repaved, with all necessary Stones, Ballast, Gravel and other Materials, and shall be kept in complete Repair, by the Pavior or Mafon then contracting with or employed by such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or by such Person or Persons as they may from time to time appoint for that Purpose, under the Infpe6tion and Dire&ion and to the Satisfa6tion of the said Surveyor of Pavements to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, for the Periods following ; (that is to fay,) all such Part or Parts of the Pavements of any such Street or public Place, which from time to time and at all times shall be so broken or taken up as aforesaid, and the Pavement contiguous thereto as aforesaid, which shall be so broken or taken up for the Purpofe of making and laying down any Main or Mains of Pipes, or of substituting Iron for Wooden Pipes, or of making any Sewer, Vault or Drain, for Twelve Calendar Months next ensuing the breaking and taking up of the fame Pavements ; and all such Part or Parts of the Pavements of any such Street or public Place, which from time to time and at all times shall be so broken or taken up as aforesaid, and the Pavement contiguous thereto as aforesaid, which shall be so broken or taken up for the Purpofe of altering the Pofition of or of repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain, for Three Calendar Months next ensuing the breaking and taking up the fame Pavements ; and that the Cofts, Charges and Expences of taking out any Ground, and filling in hard Rubbifh or other good Materials, and of repairing and keeping in necessary Repair for the Periods aforesaid all or any such Pavement in manner aforesaid, and all the Expences of Cartage, and all other Charges and Expences attending the fame, as well as all Cofts and Charges which may be incurred pursuant to the Dire6tions of this A6t by any Sur,-

veyor

Hosted

sr GEO. III.

a xxix.

589

veyor of Pavements in and about executing and performing any Works or Matters neglected to be executed and performed by any Company or Commissioners of Sewers, as hereinbefore directed, shall be ascertained and fixed from time to time by the Surveyor of Pavements to such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons within whose parochial or other Diftridl such Works or other Matters shall have been performed and executed, or such Pavements shall have been broken up and repaved ; and such Colls and Charges from time to time, whenever directed by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons, shall be certified by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or one of them, or forne other Officer or Servant appointed by them, by a Note to be given to the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers or other Persons who shall have neglected to perform and execute such Works, or by v/hom or by whose Orders or Authorities or on whose Account such Pavement shall have been broken or taken up, or to be left for such Company,

Commissioners of Sewrers, or other Person or Persons, at their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or Place or Places of Abode, or at any Office or Counting House of any such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or at the Dwelling House or Place cf Abode of any Secretary, Clerk or Turncock employed by such Company, or of any Clerk or Secretary to any such Commissioners of Sewers ; and and repaid to that the full Amount of the Cofts and Charges so certified shall be them by/ucl1 paid within Two Months after the fame Note shall be given or left ComPan,e£> as aforesaid, by such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or Persons to or for whom the fame Note shall have been given or left as aforesaid, to the Surveyor of Pavements, or to the Trea-furer to such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, or to the Mafon or Pavior or other Person or Persons by whom any such Works or Matters shall have been done and performed, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, by the said Note of their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Servant, shall direct and appoint to receive the fame, or any Part thereof; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons so appointed to receive the fame shall be a good and effectual Difcharge or Difcharges for any and every such Payment, and for all and every the Monies in any such Receipt or Receipts expressed and acknowledged to have been received ; and also that in case at any time or times the full Amount of such Cofts and Charges so certified as aforesaid shall not be so fully paid without any Dedudfion or Abatement whatsoever, within Two Months after such Noteas aforesaid shall have been given or left f aforesaid, and although no other j-S/V. Demand shall be made of any such Amount or Cofts and Charges, or any Part thereof, then from time to time and at all times afterwards it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, to recover Double the Amount of such Cofts and Charges so cer- 0r Double the tilled and being unpaid, of and from the Company or Commissioners Amount .reco-of Sewrers, or other Person or Persons to or for whom such Note vercd-fhall have been given or left as aforesaid, either by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers or other Person or Persons, by a Warrant under the Hand Proceedings, and Seal of any Jultice of the Pe^oe for the City, Borough or County "	wherein

Hosted

•">90

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

NecefTary Paving Rates may be made by Persons herein mentioned;

wherein such parochial or other Diftrid shall be situate, and which Warrant every such Juftice is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof of the Service of such Note as aforesaid, and of the Nonpayment of the Cofts and Charges thereby certified, by the Oath or Affirmation of the Person who shall have left any such Note as directed by this Ad, and by the Oath or Affirmation of the Person or Persons appointed by such Note to receive such Cofts and Charges of the Nonpayment thereof, and every Part thereof, to him or them, and which Oath or Affirmation any and every such Juftice of the Peace is hereby empowered and required to administer, or to recover the fame and every Part thereof in any Court or Courts of Requefts or County Court, or by any Adion, or Adions in any Court of Law ; and that in any such Proceedings in any Court or Courts of Requefts or County Court, or in any such Adion or Adions, it shall be only necessary for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or the Complainant or Complainants, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any such Proceedings or Adions, to prove the Service'of such Note pursuant to the Diredions of this Ad, to entitle him or them to recover by such Proceedings, or by fucli Adion or Adions, from the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers or other Person or Persons, Double the full Amount of such Cofts and Charges so certified by such Note, unless the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers or other Person or Persons shall prove, upon the Return of the Summons in such Proceedings in any Court or Courts of Requefts or County Court, or on the Trial of such Adion or Adions, the actual Payment of the full Amount of the Cofts and Charges so certified, within Two Months after the said Note was left as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons thereby appointed to receive the fame ; and that in any and every such Adion or Adions, no Effoign, Protedion or Wager of Law, or Plea in Abatement, or any dilatory Plea, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it may be lawful to and for the Persons, who, under any local Ad or Ads of Parliament for any parochial or other Diftrid vvilhin the Juriididion of this Ad, are empowered to make Rates and Affeffments for the Expences of paving or keeping in Repair the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within such parochial or other Diftrids, either separately or jointly with other Purposes, from time to time and at all times after the palling of this Ad, for and notwithstanding any Provifions or Reftridions, Matters or Things, in such local Ad or Ads of Parliament contained, to make and sign all and every or any such Rates or Affeffments as shall be from time to time necessary or expedient for paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other Diftrid, pursuant to the Diredion of the local Ad or Ads of Parliament for such parochial or other Diftrid, or of this Ad ; and for the Payment of all Debts or Charges heretofore incurred or hereafter to be incurred in and about the Execution of such local Ad or Ads of Parliament and of this Ad, or either of them, as to the paving and repairing the Pavements of and in such parochial or other Diftrid ; and for the Payment of any Intereft or Annuities charged or chargeable on the Paving Rates of the said parochial or other Diftrid, or for the Payment of any principal Monies which may be due in respect thereof, either separately or jointly for other Purposes, as to fuch

Perfons

Hosted

A.D. I817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

591

Persons shall seem reasonable and proper, not exceeding in Amount in any one Year double the Sum or Sums in the Pound limited and fixed in the local Aft or A6ls of Parliament for such parochial or other Diftri61 as the Rate or Rates in the Pound which may be made for and towards the Charges of paving and repairing the Pavements therein, and either separately or jointly with any other Objects or Purpofes ; except in such parochial or other Diftri61s wherein the Sum or Sums in the Pound limited and fixed in the local A61 or A6ls of Parliament for each of such parochial or other Diftridfs, as such Rate or Rates in the Pound, are at the time of the palling of this A61 limited and fixed at a Sum not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound, and in any such parochial or other Diftri6t not exceeding in Amount in any one Year treble the Sum or Sums in the Pound so limited and fixed ; and that such Rates or AfTelfments may be either substituted for the Rates or Aflelfments directed by such local A 61 or Acts of Parliament to be made for or in refpedf of the paving and keeping in Repair the Pavements of such parochial or other Diflrids, either separately or exclusively or jointly with any other Ob-jedts or Purposes, or may be additional thereto, as the Persons making the said Rates or Alfelfments from time to time at the making thereof may determine and direct; and that such Rates and Alfelfments, and also all Rates or AlTelTments made and signed from and after the palling of this A61, for and in respect of or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftri61, and either separately or jointly with or towards any other Obje61s or Purposes, by virtue of any local A61 or A6ls of Parliament, or by virtue of this A61, shall be laid upon all and every Person or Persons who do and shall inhabit, hold, occupy, be in Polfeflion of or enjoy, any Melfuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, Coach Houses, Stables, Celiars, Vaults, Houses, Shops, Warehoufes or other Buildings or Hereditaments, situate or being within any of the Streets or Places within the said parochial or other Diftri61, and shall be just and equal Pound Rates, and shall be laid according to the annual Rents or Value of such Melfuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, Coach Houses, Stables, Celiars, Vaults, Houses, Shops, Warehoufes or other Buildings and Hereditaments respectively ; and also that all Rates or Affeffrnents hereafter made by virtue of this A6t shall be made and signed and allowed and pub-lifhed by the fame Persons and in the same manner as hath been directed by the local A61 or A 61s of Parliament relating to each particular parochial or other District, as to the Rates or Alfeff-ments for such parochial or other Diftri61 for and towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements therein, and either separately or jointly with any other Obje61s and Purposes, by such local A6i or A6ts of Parliament; and that all such Rates or Aflelf-ments, being so made and signed and allowed and published (when such Signature, Allowance and Publication shall be necelfary), shall be good and effe6tual; and that all and every such Rates and Alfeff-ments to be made by virtue of this A61, or to be hereafter made by virtue of any local A61 or A6fs of Parliament, for any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdi&ion of this A61, shall become due and payable and may be received and recovered as soon as the fame shall have been duly made and signed, publilhed and allowed, when such Signature, Publication and Allowance shall be necelfary under

any

not exceeding is. in the Pound.

Upon whom laid.

Laid according' to Annual Rent or Value, and to be publilhed, &c.

Hosted

5.92

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

At what times, and how colledt-td.

Provifo for Occupiers of public Wharfs in Southwark.

Separate Rates may be made for other Objects.

To whom to be ..-aid.

If adequate Rates be not otherwil'e made,

any local Adi or Adis of Parliament for any such parochial or other Diflridl ; but that the fame may be collected in one or several Payments, or yearly or half yearly, or quarterly, as the Commissioners or Truflees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places of any such parochial or other Diftridt* shall from time to time think proper and dirett: Provided neverthe-leis, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to render the Inhabitants and Occupiers of public Wharfs within the Town and Borough of Southwark liable to a greater Proportion of such Rates or AfTefTments than they now are liable to under the local Adts of Parliament relating to the Pavements and Improvements of the said Town and Borough of Southwark.

XXV. Provided always, and be it also enacted, That in any parochial or other Diflridl wherein by virtue of the local Adi or Adis of Parliament One general Rate or AfTeffment only is directed to be made for the paving and repairing of the Pavements therein, as well as for other Objects and Purpofes mentioned in such local Adi or Adis of Parliament, it may be lawful to and for the Persons authorized by such local Adi or Adis to make such Rate or AfTeffment, to make and sign from time to time such separate Rates or Affeff-ments for the other Objedls and Purpofes mentioned in such local Adi or Adis of Parliament, and to make and sign such other separate Rate or AfTeffment as may be necessary for the Purpofes of paving or repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other Diflridl, and for the Payment of any Interefl or Annuities chargeable thereon, or for the Payment of any principal Monies due or which may become due in respect thereof under and by virtue of this Adi, or shall and may make and sign from time to time general Rates or AfTefTments, as well for and towards the Expences of and concerning the paving or repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other Diflridl, for all and every or any of the other Objedls and Purpofes relating to the said parochial or other Diflridl mentioned in any such local Adi or Adis of Parliament, as such Persons authorized by such local Adi or Adis to make such Rates or AfTefTments shall from time to time deem mofl expedient ; and that the Monies to be raised under and by virtue of such several separate Rates or AfTefTments, or general Rates or AfTefTments, when and as they shall be collected and received, or any Portions of such general Rates or AfTefTments, shall be either paid to One Treasurer or other PerTon or Persons, and be coniidered as One general Fund, to be applied to the Purpofes mentioned in such local Adi or Adis of Parliament and in this Adi, or shall be paid to different Treafurers or other Person or Persons, and be considered as separate and diflindl Funds, to be applied in Part for and towards the Expences of and concerning the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in each of such parochial or other Diftridls, and in other Part towards the other Objedls and Purpofes for which the several separate Rates and AfTefTments or general Rates or AfTefTments shall be made, as the Persons authorized to make such separate Rates or Affeff-ments, or such general Rates or AfTefTments, from time to time at the making and signing thereof may determine and direct.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Persons authorized by any local Adi or Adis of Parliament for any parochial or other Diflridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi to make the Rates and AfTefTments for and towards the. Expences of paving or keeping in

Repair

Hosted

A. D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

593

Repair the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within such parochial or other District, jointly or separately with any other Objects or Purposes, shall refuse or neglect to make such Rates or Af-feffments from time to time as shall be necessary for paving and repairing the Pavements of and within such parochial or other District, and for the Payment of any Intereft or Annuities charged on the paving or other Rates of such parochial or other District, and for the Difcharge of any Debts due and demandable in respect of the Pavements thereof, and for all the Purpofes of this Adi, after defraying the Charges and Expences attendant upon and of the other Objedls and Purpofes for which any such Rates or AfTefTments may from time to time be made, then and in every such case, and so often as it shall happen, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, and they are hereby required, so meet together, and having ascertained the Money necessary to be raised for the Purpofes aforesaid, the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or such Number of them as, under and by virtue of their particular local Adt or Adis of Parliament or of this Adi, shall be competent to act, or more of them, shall make and flgn such just and equal Pound Rates or AfTefTments CommilTioners, as may from time to time be needful to produce and obtain such &c. may make Money necessary to be raised for the Purpofes aforesaid ; and that l3°und Rates, such Rates or AfTefTments shall be made and allowed andpublifhed in the manner before directed as to Rates and AfTefTments to be made by virtue of this Adt, where any Allowance or Publication shall be necessary under any local Adl or Adis of Parliament for any such parochial or other District, and which Rate or Rates, Affeffment or AfTefTments, being so made and signed, published and allowed, when such Signature, Publication or Allowance shall be necessary as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be as good, valid and effectual, and shall and may be collected and levied in like manner, as if the fame had been made and signed by the Persons authorized to make and flgn such paving or other Rates or AfTefTments for such parochial or other Diftridl by virtue of any local Adt or Adis of Parliament; any such Adi or Adis, or any other Cuftom, Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Other Rates ful to and for the Clerk or Clerks, or any other Person or Persons rnay infpedfc-appointed by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Perfonis hav^ ing the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in p^n^Rates* any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, under any local Adi or Adts of Parliament, or by the Persons authorized by any such local Adt or Adis of Parliament, or by virtue of this Adi, to make any Rates or AfTefTments for or towards the paving and repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within any such parochial or other District, either separately or jointly with any other Objedls or Purpofes as hereinbefore is mentioned, at any time or times between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, on any Day not being a Sunday, or an Holiday appointed by Law, to peruse, examine and infpedl the Book or Books of the Rates or AfTefTments for the Relief of the Poor, or tor the Land or Affeffed Taxes, or of any other public, parliamentary, parochial or local Tax affecting or 57 Geo. III.	Q	q	charged

Hosted

594

C’. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

and Copies taken at the Expence of Co;nmil-oners, 5<c.

Rites to he produced on Notice.

Penally 51.

Property in different Diilridts to be proportionally a defied.

charged upon or in proportion to the MefTuages or Hereditaments inhabited, held or occupied by any Person or Persons within any such parochial or other District, in order that thereby the Names of such Persons liable to be assessed to such paving or other Rates or AfTefTments, and the MefTuages or Hereditaments in respect whereof such Person or Persons should be charged to such Rates or Affeff-ments, and the Value of such MefTuages or Hereditaments, may be more correctly ascertained; and that such Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons so appointed, at the Expence of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he or they shall be employed or appointed may then take Copies or Extradts from such Books and Rates and AfTefTments at his or their Pleafure ; and the Clerk or Clerks, Colledtor or Colledtors, or other Persons having the -Cuftody or Power over such Books and Rates and AfTefTments, shall and he and they is and are hereby directed to produce the Tame, and all and every of them, whenever thereunto required by the Clerk or Clerks or other Persons To appointed as aforesaid for the Pur-pofes aforesaid, by a Notice signed by such Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid, given to or left for him or them, or any of them, at his or their or any of their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Office or Offices, or last or usual Place or Places of Abode, at the Hour and on the Day and at the Dwelling House or Office mentioned in such Notice ; and that if such Clerk or Clerks, Colledtor or Colledtors, or other Person or Persons having for the time being the Cuftody or Power of such Book or Books, Affeffment or AfTefTments, shall neglect so to do, then he or they shall forfeit for such Offence and Negledt and shall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Adt.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted. That if any MefTuages or other Hereditaments shall be partly within Two or more parochial or other Diftridts within the Jurifdidtion of this A<ft, or partly within any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this Adt, and partly without such Jurifdiction, then the Inhabitant, Holder or Occupier thereof, or other Person or Persons liable to be rated in respect thereof, shall be rated and assessed to the Rates and AfTefTments to be made by virtue of any local Adt or Adts of Parliament relating to the Pavements of each of such parochial or other Diftridts, jointly or separately with any other Objedts or Purposes, or by virtue of this Adi, to the paving and other such Rates and AfTefTments, for each of such parochial or other Diftridts, for a proportionable Part of the Rent or Value thereof, according to the Quantity or Extent or Value of the Part of any such MefTuages or other Hereditaments which may be in each of such parochial or other Diftridts ; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Commissioners or Trustees, or any other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in each of such parochial or other Diftridts, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, to afeertain, fettle and determine in what Proportion of the Rent or Value of such MefTuages or Hereditaments such Person or Persons shall be rated and assessed and shall pay towards the said paving and other Rates or AfTefTments of each of such parochial or other Diftridts respectively.

11	XXIX.	And

AJX1817.

5r GEO. III.

C. xxix.

595

XXIX.	And be it further enabled. That if it /hall appear to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, at any time or times after any Paving Rate or AfTeffment shall have been duly made, or made and allowed, by virtue of any local Aft or Afts of Parliament for their parochial or other District, or by virtue of this Aft, that the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who ought to be included in such Rate or AfTeffment hath or have been omitted therein, or that the Name or Names of some Person or Persons hath or have been inserted in such Rate or AfTeffment as Inhabitants, Holders or Occupiers of any Meffuages or Hereditaments, for and in respect of which some other Person or Persons ought to have been rated or affeffect, or that any other Alteration or Amendment of such Rate or AfTeffment may be necessary, then and in any or either of such cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons, to add or insert, or cause to be added and inserted, to or in such Rate or AfTeffment, the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so omitted, together with the Sum or Sums for which he or they ought to be rated and affeffect, and the Amount of such Rate or AfTeffment in respect thereof; and also to insert and substitute, or cause to be inserted and substituted, the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as may be the Inhabitants, Holders or Occupiers of any Meffuages or Hereditaments, in-ftead of and for the Name or Names of the Person or Persons incorre6tly inserted in such Rate or AfTeffment as the Inhabitants, Holders or Occupiers of any Meffuages or Hereditaments, and otherwise from time to time to alter and amend the said Rate and AfTeffment as they may from time to time deem necessary; and that every such Addition, Infertion, Alteration and Amendment, to or in any such Rate or AfTeffment, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and the Monies charged to any Person or Persons in consequence thereof shall and may be demanded, received and recovered in the same manner as if the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, or other Alteration or Amendment, had been inserted and made in such Rate or Affeff-ment at the time of or previous to the original making or Signature or Allowance or Publication thereof, where any Signature or Allowance or Publication may be required by the said local Aft or Afts.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That it may be lawful to and for the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrift. within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, to include in any Rate or AfTeffment for or towards the Cofts and Charges of paving or repairing the Pavement of and within such parochial or other Diftrift) either jointly or separately with any other Objefts or Purposes, to be hereafter made by virtue of the respective local Aft or Afts relating to the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or to such Pavements and other Objests, or by virtue of this Aft, and from time to time to rate and affels thereby any Cathedral, collegiate or other Church or Churches, parochial and other Chapels, Meeting Houses, Places for Religious Worffiip, Hofpitals, public Schools, and all other public Buildings within each of such parochial or other Diftrifts, which now is or hereafter may be built,

Q q 2	and

Commissioners, &c. may rectify Omiffions or Errors in Paving Rates.

Public Buildings to be rated.

Cathedrals, Churches, Hof-pitals, f/c.

Hosted

596

C'.xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Church Yards, Dead Walls, &c.

| Sic.

By whom Rates paid for Carhe-dials, Scc.;

for Holpitals ;

for public Schools;

Seffior.s HoufeSj &c.;

for Cemeteries, &c. not being parochial;

and all other Place or Places which by any local Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to any particular parochial or other Diftrift may be or are or is liable to be rated or assessed for those Purposes, or any of them, at a Rate not exceeding in any one Year the Sum of One Shilling for every Square Yard of the Foot, Carriage Way, and other Pavements contained in One Half of the entire Width of as much of any and every Street or public Place as shall or may lays before or at the Sides or Rear of, or abut upon or adjoin to such Cathedral, collegiate, or other Church or Churches, parochial and other Chapels, Meeting Houses, Places for Religious Worship, Hofpitals, public Schools, and other public Buildings or Place or Places respectively, or before, upon or to the Areas or Ground in front of or surrounding or belonging to the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Entrance to the fame ; and also to rate and assess thereby all and every the Church Yards, Cemeteries or other Burying Places, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground within such parochial or other District, and which are not charged to such Rate or Affeffment in respect of any MefTuage or other Building whereunto they may be appurtenant, at a Rate not exceeding in any one Year the Sum of One Shilling for every Square Yard of the Foot and Carriage Way, and other Pavements contained in One Half of the entire Width of as much of any and every such Street or public Place as shall or may lays before or at the Sides or Rear of, or abut upon or adjoin to such Church Yards, Cemeteries or other Burying Places, dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, or any Part or Parts thereof; and that every of the said Rates or Affeffments so made from time to time shall be paid for such Cathedral, collegiate or other Churches, parochial and other Chapels* Meeting Houses, Places for Religious Worship, Hofpitals, public Schools, and other public Buildings, Church Yards, Cemeteries or other Burying Places, dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, by the Persons following; (that is to fay,) the Rates or Affeffments of and for any Cathedral or collegiate Church, by the Dean and Chapter thereof; and of and for any other Churches or parochial Chapels, and Church Yards and parochial Cemeteries, by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens thereof respectively for the time being ^ and the Rates or Affeffments of or for any Hofpitals, by the Stewards or Houfekeepers of such Hofpitals for the time being ; and the Rates or Afleftments of or for any public Schools, by the , Mafters or Miftreffes of such public Schools for the time being; and the Rates or Affeffments of and for any Seflions Houfes or Gaols* or Courts of Juftice, by the Clerk or Clerks of the Peace for the City, Borough or County for the time being ; and the Rates or Affeffments of and for any other public Buildings, by the Houfe-keeper or other Keepers, or other Person or Persons having the Care of such other public Buildings as aforesaid for the time being; and that such Rates or Affeffments of and for any other Cemeteries or Burial Places, not being parochial, shall be paid by the Owners or Proprietors thereof respectively, or by the Persons who for the time being shall receive the Money which shall be paid for the Interment of the Dead therein ; and such Rates or Affeffments of and for any other Chapels or Meeting Houfes and Places for Religious Worfhip (not being parochial) shall be paid by the Owmer or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers thereof re?

fpeftively,

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

59/

fpedively, or any Person or Persons who ffiall receive or collect any

Money for the Seats or Pews therein, or any other Money arifing

therefrom; and such Rates or AfTefTments of and for such dead DeadWalls,&c.;

Walls or void Spaces of Ground shall be paid by the Owner or

Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers thereof

respectively, or the Person or Persons claiming to be the Owner or

Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any void Spaces of Ground,

when there shall be no actual Occupier or Occupiers thereof refpee-

lively, as the Commissioners or Trufcees or other Persons having

the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other Dif-

trid shall from time to time direct; and that all and every fuch

Persons respectively shall be charged with and shall pay such Sums

of Money as shall from time to time be rated, affelfed or impofed

on or in respect of or for the said Premifes respectively ; and the any other Place

Rates or AfTefTments for any other Place or Places which by any hy loc^l

such local Ad or Ads as aforesaid may be or is or are liable to Acts*

be rated and afTeffect, shall be paid by such Person or Persons,

Officer or Officers, as by the fame local Ad or Ads are directed to

pay the Rates thereby authorized to be made and afTeffed ; and How recovered

that the fame Rates and AfTefTments may be recovered from all and antl applied.

every such Persons respectively, and be applied, in such manner as

other Rates and AffefTme'nts made for and towards the Expences of

paving and repairing the Pavements, either separately or jointly with

any other Objeds and Purposes, are directed to be recovered and

applied by any local Ad or Ads relating to the Pavements and

other Objects and Purpofes of such parochial or other Dilirid, or

in and by this Ad.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That every Rate or AfTefT- Rates of Present which at any time or times hereafter shall be made, laid or let ro Am" afTeffect, by virtue of this Adi, or by virtue of any local Ad or Ads ^ abU b &C* of Parliament, for or towards the paving or repairing the Pave- Landlords, ments of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, and either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objeds or Purposes, for or in respect of any Meffuage or Hereditament which any AmbafTador, Envoy,

Refident Agent, or other public Minifter of any Foreign Prince or State, or the Servant of any such AmbafTador, Envoy, Refident Agent, or other public Miniller, or any other Person who may not be liable by Law to pay such Rate or Affeffment, now doth or hereafter shall inhabit, shall be paid by and recoverable from the Landlord or Owner of every such Meffuage or Hereditament, who shall be liable and compellable to the Payment thereof; and the fame shall be recovered from such Landlord or Owner in such and the same manner as the other Rates or AfTefTments made by virtue of this Ad, or by virtue of any local Ad or Ads of Parliament, for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objeds or Purposes, may be recovered from any other Owner or Occupier of any Meffuages or Hereditaments either by virtue of this Ad or of any such local Ad or Ads.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That where any Meffuages Empty Houles, or Hereditaments, at the time of making any of the Rates or A fTefT- how rateable.

Q q 3	ments

C. xxix.

5r GEO. III.

A. D. 1817'.

By whom such Rates paid.

Rates may be recovered for fmail Houfes let at fmail Rems, or to weekly or monthly Lodg-eirs.

ments directed to be made under or by virtue of this Aft, or of any local Aft or Afts of Parliament, for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, either exclu-lively or jointly with or for any other Objefts or Purposes, shall be empty, untenanted or unoccupied, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons entitled by any local Aft or Afts of Parliament or by this Aft to make such Rates or AflefTments for such parochial or other District, to rate and assess such Meffuages or Hereditaments respectively at One Half of such Rates or AfTeffments during the time only that such Mef-fuages or Hereditaments shall be empty, untenanted or unoccupied $ and also in case any such Premises, after the making of such Rates or AfTeffments, shall become empty, untenanted or unoccupied, One Half only of such Rate or Affeflment shall be charged on iuch Premifes respectively for and during so long time as the fame shall continue empty* untenanted and unoccupied $ and then and in any of the said cases, the said Rates or AfTeftments, and all Arrears due thereon, shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, or by the first or any other Tenant or Occupier thereof respectively ; and in which last case every such Tenant or Occupier shall and may and is hereby authorized to deduct and detain the fame out of his or their Rent or Rents respectively, and the Owner or Owners of such Meffuages or Hereditaments is and are hereby required to allow such Deduftion and Payment out of his or their respective Rent or Rents, and the said Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be and is and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his or their Rent or Rents as shall be the Amount of any such Rates or AffeiT-ments, and all Arrears due thereon so paid by him or them in respect of such Meffuages or Hereditaments, during such Period as the fame shall have been empty, untenanted and unoccupied, previous to his or their Tenancy or Occupation thereof.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That as to and for any Meffuages or other Hereditaments in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, the yearly Value of any of which Meffuages or Hereditaments shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, or which shall be let to weekly or monthly Tenants, or shall be let furnished or in Lodgings, or in separate Apartments, or at Rents which shall become payable and to be collected at any shorter Periods than quarterly, the Owner or Owners of all and every such Meffuages or Hereditaments (for the Purpofes of this Aft, but not as to any Settlement which may be gained by any Person or Persons in respect of his, her or their renting or occupying such Meffuages or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof,) shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier and Occupiers of such Meffuages or Hereditaments, and may be rated and affefTed for and in respect of the fame accordingly; and that the Person or Persons letting such Meffuages or Hereditaments respectively, or claiming oi: receiving the Rents and Proceeds thereof, may be from time to time deemed and considered to be the Owner and Owners thereof; and that all and every such Owner and Owners from time to time and at all times hereafter may be rated and assessed to and by any Rates or AfTeffments made or to be made for or towards the Expence of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in

Hosted by ^.

57°.GEO. III.

C. xxix.

599

the parochial or other Diftridt within which such MeiTuages or Hereditaments may be situate, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objedls or Purposes, either by virtue of any-.local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or of this Adi, as the Occupier or Occupiers of such MefTuages or Hereditaments respectively, unless the Person or Persons making such Rates or AfTefTments by virtue of any such local Adi or Adis, or of this Adi, shall from time to time prefer and determine to rate the actual Occupier or Occupiers of such MeiTuages or Hereditaments respectively ; and the Person or Persons so rated, whether the Owner or Owners, or the Occupier or Occupiers, shall from time to time pay or cause to be paid all and every such Rates or AfTefTments in respect of such MeiTuages or Hereditaments respectively ; and upon Nonpayment thereof, such Rates or AfTefTments may be levied by the Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons respectively, wheresoever they shall be found, or of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons inhabiting the fame MeiTuages or Hereditaments respectively, and may be otherwise sued for or recovered in like manner in which such Rates or AfTefTments may be levied and recovered from any other Persons by virtue of such local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or by virtue of this Adi : Provided always, that no Owner or Owners, nor any Person or Persons, shall be charged with or liable to pay for and in respect of any increased Rent reserved or made payable to him or them for or on account of any Agreement made by such Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons, with the actual Occupier or Occupiers of such MeiTuages or Hereditaments, that such Owner or Owners or other Person or Persons would pay the several Rates or AfTefTments theretofore chargeable upon the Occupier or Occupiers of such MeiTuages or Hereditaments respectively : And provided also, that if the Owner or Owners of any Meffuage or Hereditament, the yearly Value whereof shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, and which shall be let to One Tenant only at a Rent which shall become payable and be collected only by quarterly Payments, shall be rated and affefTed as the Occupier or Occupiers of any such MefTuage or Hereditament, then upon Requefl in Writing under the Hand or Hands of any such Owner or Owners, and a true and full Statement in Writing of the Name of the actual Tenant or Occupier of every such MefTuage or Hereditament, and such other Information relating thereto as the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other Diftridl respectively shall from time to time direct and require, and to their Satisfaction, the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons aforesaid shall compound with any such Owner or Owners of such MefTuage or Hereditament for Payment of the said Rates or AfTefTments for and in respect of every such MefTuage or Hereditament, at such reduced yearly Rental as such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons shall think reasonable, not being more than Three Fourth Parts nor less than One Half of the Rack Rent or Annual Value of each of such MeiTuages or Hereditaments respectively, or shall remit to such Owner or Owners such Part of such Rate or AfTefTment as such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons shall think reasonable, not being less than One Fourth Part nor more than One Half of such Rates or AfTefTments, to which Tuch Owner or Owners shall be

Q q 4?	rated

By whom such Rates paid.

Provifo refpeft-ing Agreement for paving Rate between Owner and Occupier.

Provifo refpe<SK ing Meffuages not exceeding 2cl. annual Value let to One Tenant, payable quarterly, as to compounding for Rate.

Hosted

600

C. xxix.

57" GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Commissioners may compound for Rates with Owners of MelTuages, &c. herein delcribed.

Provifo for Agreements between Landlords and Tenants.

Rates not paid may be levied.

Proceedings.

rated or aftefted in respect of each of such Meffuages or Hereditaments respectively ; and also, that it may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, if they shall think proper, to compound with any Owner or Owners of any Meffuages or other Hereditaments in their parochial or other Dif-tridl, which shall be let to weekly or monthly Tenants, or which shall be let furnished or in Lodgings, or in separate Apartments, or at Rents which shall become payable or to be collected at any shorter Periods than quarterly, for Payment of the said Rates or Afteft-ments for or in respect of such MefTuages or Hereditaments at such reduced Yearly Rental as such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall think reasonable, not being less than Two Third Parts of the Rack Rent or Annual Value of such Meffuages or Hereditaments respectively, or to remit to the Owner or Owners of any such Meffuages or Tenements respectively lait mentioned such Part of such Rate or Affeffment as such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons shall think proper, not being more than One Third Part of the Rates or Afteffments to which such Owner or Owners shall be rated or assessed in respect of each of such last mentioned Meffuages or Hereditaments respectively, or otherwise to collect from such Owner or Owners the whole of such Rates or Afteffments, as they shall think proper ; and also that any such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, may vary, discontinue or renew either or any of such Compolitions, as such Commiftioners, Trustees and other Persons shall from time to time deem expedient.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no- . thing in this Act contained shall be construed, deemed or taken to impeach, alter or make void any Agreement made between any Landlord and Tenant in any Leafe now granted, or hereafter to be granted pursuant to any Contract or Agreement now existing ; any thing in this Adi contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That in case at any time or times hereafter any Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of any Meffuage or Hereditament, situate in any Street or Place in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Junfdidtion of this Adi, for and in respect whereof he or they shall be rated or assessed to any Rate or Affeffment made or to be made for and towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavement of the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other District, and either exclu-fively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, either by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament, relating to such parochial or other District, or by virtue of this Adt ; ot any other Person or Persons so rated and afTeffect, or liable to be rated and affeffect, or to pay the Money so rated or assessed as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated and assessed upon him or them respectively, or which he or they may be liable to pay by virtue of such local Adi or Adis of Parliament or of this Adi, and all Arrears now or hereafter due thereon, or upon any former Rate or Rates or Affeflment or Afteffments, it shall be lawful for any One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other Diftridl shall be situate, and he is hereby authorized and directed, by Writing under his Hand, or in his Name under the Hand of any Person authorized by him to sign the fame, on Complaint made by the

Com-

Hosted

A.D. 181.7.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxixo

601

Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or any One or more of them, or any Officer or other Person appointed by them, to summon all and every Person and Persons who shall have refused Summons, and neglected as aforesaid, to appear, at a time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, before such Juftice, or before any Juftice or Justices of the Peace, for the fame City, Borough or County who shall be then and there present ; and it shall be lawful for any Person appointed to collect and receive such Rates or AfTeif-ments, or for any of the Constables, Headboroughs or Beadles of any such parochial or other District, or for any other Person, to serve all and every such Summons and Summonfes upon all and every Person and Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, either by delivering the fame to the Person or Persons thereby intended to be summoned, or by leaving the fame at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or at or on the Premifes for or in respect whereof the Rate or Rates, AfTefTment or AfTefTments mentioned in such Summons, shall remain due and owing ; and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall refuse or neglect to attend at the time and Place mentioned in such Summons, or if he or they shall attend, and shall not shew good and sufficient Caufe to such Juftice or Justices as may be then and there present, that he or they is or are not chargeable with such Rate or Rates, AfTefTment or AfTefTments, then and in every such case every such Person or Persons shall pay the Rate or Rates in refpedfc of which such Summons was ifTued, and also the Cofts and Charges of such Summons ; and in all cases where Cofts of Sum-fuch Rate or Rates, AfTefTment or AfTefTments, or any of them, shall ™ons* not be paid upon the Return of such Summons, it shall be lawful for the Juftice who shall have fignea and ifTued such Summons or Summonfes, or who shall have directed such Summons and Summonfes to be signed and ifTued as aforesaid, or for any other Juftice of the Peace for the fame City, Borough or County, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Oath made before him of the due Service of such Summons or Summonfes by the Person who shall have served the fame, to grant a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, authorizing or directing any such Perfon- appointed to collect such Rate or Rates, AfTefTment or AfTefTments as aforesaid, or any Con-stable, Headborough or Beadle of the said parochial or other Diftrids, or any other Constable, Headborough or other Person, to levy Rate and Cod? such Rate or Rates, AfTefTment or AfTefTments, and all Arrears of Summons thereof, and the said Cofts and Charges of the Summons (if the fame shall not have been paid before), and the Cofts and Charges 1 1 of every such Warrant, and also the Cofts, Charges and Expences of executing the fame, by Diftrefs of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so negledling or refusing, which shall be found either within the said parochial or other District, or elsewhere, and of which said Goods and Chattels he or they may either continue in PofTeffion on the said Premifes where the fame shall be distrained, or they may be removed therefrom, as the Person or Persons making the Diftrefs shall think proper ; and if within Five Days next after any Diftrefs shall be made pursuant to the Diredtions of this Adt, the said Rate or Rates, AfTefTment or AfTefTments, with all Arrears due thereon, together with all the said Charges for the said Summons, and the said Charges for the said Warrant, and the Charges and

Expences

Hosted

ft no Goods ioutid to be ciillrained, or Diftrefs obftru 61 ed, or no fuffi-ctent Distress,

Proceedings.

Constables, &c. to assist in fuclt Levy.

Fenalty jl.

Cxxix.	57°	GEO. III.	A.D.I8I7,

Expences of executing the fame Warrant, and of making such Distress, and of keeping such Goods and Chattels, ftiall not be paid, then the said Person appointed to collect as aforesaid, or the Con-itable, Headborough, Beadle or other Person authorized by the said Warrant, ftiall cause the said Goods and Chattels to be appraised by one or more Appraifer or Appraifers, and to be fold either on the Premifes where the fame shall be distrained, or elsewhere, or such Part or Parts thereof as in his or their Judgment shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Rates, AfTeffment or Afleffments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the said Cofts, Charges and Expences of the said Summons, Warrant, Distress, Removal or keeping Poffeflion of such Goods and Chattels so distrained, and the reasonable Cofts, Charges and Expences of appraifmg and felling the fame, and shall return the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made by him or them ; and in case no such Goods and Chattels can be found to be distrained by virtue of any such Warrant, or in case any such Goods and Chattels, shall be locked up or secured, or shall be removed, so that such Person appointed to collect the said Rates or Afleffments as aforesaid, or such Constable, Headborough, Beadle or other Person, cannot distrain the fame, or in case, after such Diftrefs and Appraifement or Sale as hereinbefore are directed, the Proceeds thereof shall not be sufficient to pay such Rates or Afleffments, with the Arrears due thereon, and all the said Cofts, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then and in any of such cases, upon Information thereof given to any Juftice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County within which such parochial or other Diftrid shall be situate, it shall be lawful to and for any such Juftice of the Peace, and he is hereby authorized and required, to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Apprehenfion of any such Person or Persons making Default in the Payment of such Rates or Afleffments and the Arrears thereof, or of any Part thereof, and of such Cofts, Charges and Expences, or any of them, and to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City, Borough or County within which such parochial or other Diftrid shall be situate, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month, unless such Rates or Afleffments and all Arrears thereof, and all such Cofts, Charges and Expences, or so much thereof as ftiall remain unsatisfied by any such Diftrefs or Diftrefles or otherwise, shall be sooner paid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where a Diftrefs is authorized to be made by any local Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the paving of any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objeds or Purposes, or by this Ad, if any Constable or Headborough of any Parifh or Place within which such parochial or other Diftrid shall be situate, or of any other Parifh or Place where such Diftrefs is to be made, upon being required by any Person appointed to collect any Rates or Afleffments, or by any other Person (who ftiall have obtained a Warrant for such Diftrefs from any Juftice of the Peace), shall refuse or neglect to aid or assist in making a Diftrefs and Sale pursuant to such Warrant, every such Constable or Headborough shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in

which

Hosted

57° GEO. HE

603

C.	XXLX.

which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Adi.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That every Warrant of Form of War Diftrefs for Nonpayment of any Rates or AfiefTments, authorized rant of DiflicJ and directed to be issued by virtue of this Adi, ffiall be in the Words or to the Effedl following :	_

<	[hfirt'tbt City, 1 T0 1116 C°1Iea°r3 °f the. PavinS .

Borough or County.] J Rates [or, of the paving and lighting, and watching and cleansing Rates, as the case may be'] for the Parifh or Diilridl of [defcribe the Diflriff according to the local Act], and to all Conftabies, Headboroughs, Beadles and Peace Officers for the [City, Borough or County aforesaid, as the case may be] : Whereas

<	the under mentioned Person [or Persons, if more than One] now or late an Owner or Occupier [or Owners or Occupiers, if more than

*	One] of a MefTuage [or of Meffiuages, if more than One Person be in-

*	eluded in the Warrant] or other Hereditaments within the said [infert

*	the Name of the D if riff] was and is, or were and are [as the 6 case may be] rated and afleffect, or is or are [as the case may be]

‘ liable to the Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money fet at and ( opposite to his or their respective Name or Names [as the case may

*	be] hereunder written, by virtue of a Rate or Rates duly made

* under and by virtue of a certain Adi [or Adts] passed in the

*	Year [or Years, as the case may be] of the Reign of

i	[fet	forth the Title of the Aff or Jiffs under which the Rais

<	or Rates were made] : And Whereas the said Person or Persons c has or have [as the case may be] refused or neglected to pay the

*	Sum or the several Sums of Money fet at and opposite his or their

*	Name or Names [as the case may be] hereunder written, due from c him or them by virtue of such Rate or Rates [as the case may be]9 6 and the said several Sum and Sums of Money is or are [as the cafe

*	may be] Hill remaining due and unpaid, as appeareth upon Oath to ( me, One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the said [City,

<	Borough or County, as the case may be] ; and the said several Per*

*	fon or Persons [as the case may be] having been summoned to appear

*	to answer the Premises, as also appeareth to me the said Juftice 6 upon Oath, and neither he or they nor either of them [as the cafe

*	may be] having ffiewn any sufficient Caufe why such Sum or Sums ‘ of Money [as the case may be] should not be paid by him or them s respectively [as the case may be], as also appeareth to me upon c Oath : Now these are therefore in His Majefiy’s Name to will

*	and require you or either of you forthwith to levy the said Sum *• or several Sums of Money [^j the case may be] due from the said ‘ Person or Persons [as the case may be] and hereunder fet at and c opposite to his or their Names respectively [as the case may be],

‘ and also the Two several Sums of [inferting the Amount of the Cojls ‘ and Charges for the Summons and for the Warrant, or for either of c them, as the case may be] for the Colts and Charges of the said ( Summons and of these Presents, by Diftrefs and Sale of his or their ‘ respective Goods and Chattels [tfj the case may be]y such Goods 6 and Chattels being kept for the Space of Five Days before the

*	fame are fold, rendering to him or them respectively [as the cafe

*	may be] the Overplus (if any) on Demand, and the reafonable

*	Charges of such Difirels, and of any Removal or keeping Pof-

‘ feffion

Hosted

601

a xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

6

(

t

session, Appraifement or Sale thereof, being lirft deduced ; and if no sufficient Diftrefs can be had or taken, that then you certify the fame to me, to the end such Proceedings may be had therein as to the Law doth appertain : And I do hereby strictly charge and command all and singular the Constables, Headboroughs and other His Majefty’s Peace Officers for the said [City, Borough or County, as the case may be~\ to be aiding and assisting in all Things relating to the Premifes. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of	in the Year of our

Lord

* A. B. -	-	-

<	C. D...............................

c E* F. (the Landlord for divided Premifes)

<	G.H................................

&

j.	d.

Rates may also be recovered by Adlions as herein mentioned.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it ffiall be lawful at any time or times hereafter for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this A61 (if they ffiall think it expedient), in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks for the time being, or of any Person or Persons appointed by them to collect or receive any Rate or Rates, Affeffment or Affeffments, made or to be made for or towards the Charges of paving or repairing the Pavement of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objedfs or Purposes, to bring or cause to be brought any Adlion or Adlions of Debt, or special Adlion on the Cafe, or other Adlion or Adtions, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or to proceed in any Court of Requests, or other Court whatever (for the Recovery of Debts above or under Five Pounds) within the Jurifdidtion of which the said Meffuages or Hereditaments in respect whereof such Rates or Affeffments ffiall be made, or wherein the Person or Persons or either of them against whom such Adlion or Adlions or other Proceedings may be brought ffiall reside, and against any Executors or Adminiftrators of any Person or Persons deceased, or against any Meffengers or Affignees, or Sheriffs or other Officers, or against any other Person or Persons liable to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for or in respect of or by virtue of any Rates or Afleffments made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objedts or Purposes, by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or by virtue of this Adi, for the Recovery of the Sum or Sums of Money due from any such Person or Persons dying or becoming Bankrupt, or whose Goods, Chattels or Effedls may be seized or taken in Execution or other-wife, or from any other Person or Persons liable to pay the fame by virtue or in respect of any such Rates or Affeffments ; and that in any such Adlion or Adlions or other Proceedings it ffiall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Complainant to declare or aliege, that the Person or Persons against whom such Adlion or Adlions or other Proceedings

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

605

ings may be brought is indebted to such Plaintiff or Complainant in fuGh Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear to be due by or on account of any such Rates or Affeffments ; and that it shall only be ne-ceffary for such Plaintiff or Complainant to produce any such Rate or Rates, Affeffment or Affeffments, and to prove that the Person or Persons against whom such Adtion or Actions or other Proceedings shall be brought, or who shall be deceased, or who hath become Bankrupt, or whose Goods, Chattels or Effects have been taken in Execution or otherwise, was or were the Person or Persons mentioned in such Rate or Affeffment, or liable to the Payment thereof by virtue of any local Adt or Adts of Parliament, or of this Adt, to entitle such Plaintiff or Complainant to recover the whole of the Sum or Sums of Money for the Recovery whereof such Action or Adtions or other Proceedings shall be brought against such Person or Persons, or against such Executors or Adminiftrators, Meffengers or Aflignees, or Sheriffs or other Officers ; and that if such Plaintiff or Complainant by any such Action or Actions or other Proceedings shall recover such Sum or Sums of Money so intended to be recovered thereby, or any Part thereof, he shall have the full Colts of such Actions or other Proceedings, to be levied in the manner in which all other Monies and Colts recovered in any Court or Courts wherein such Adtion or Adtions or other Proceedings shall be brought, may be levied and obtained ; and that in any such Adtion or Adtions no Effoign, Protedtion or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rates or Affeffments which shall be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavement of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this Adt, either exclusively or jointly with any other Objedts or Purposes, and either by virtue of any local Adt or Adts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or by virtue of this Adt, shall be paid by the Executors or Adminiftrators of any Person or Persons who shall be charged in such Rates or Affeffments with the Payment of any Sum or Shuts of Money for or in respect of any Meffuages or Hereditaments within any such parochial or other District, and who shall depart this Life without paying the fame, out of the first Effedts of the Person so dying, which shall come to their or any of their Hands, in preference to all other Debts (except Debts to the King's Majesty), and shall also be paid in like manner by any Meffengers and Aflignees acting under any Commiflion of Bankrupt, and every Sheriff or other Officer acting under any Writ or Writs iffaed out of any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or any other Court or Courts, and who shall seize or take Poffeffion of any Goods, Chattels or Effedts of any Person or Persons so rated or affeffect, and frqpi whom any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of any such Rates or Affeffments shall then be due and unpaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other Diftridt wherein the Meffuages or Hereditaments shall be situate for and in respect whereof such Rates or Affeffments shall be due, and for any Person appointed by them to collect and receive such Rates or Affeffments, to compel the Payment of ail and every such Sum and Sums of Money by such Executors or Adminiftrators,

or

Neceflary Proof for Plajntift

Rates may be recovered from the Ellates of Persons who die or become insolvent.

in preference of all other Debts, except to the Crown.

Hosted

GOG

C.xxix.

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

Prov'ifo as to charging Sheriff”, &c. "

Rates may be recovered from Pei Ions remov-

by Warrant from Juftice,

without Fee.

or Meffengers or Affignees, Sheriffs or other Officers, by Diftrefs or by Aftion at Law, or by such other Means as are appointed by this Aft for the Recovery of Rates or Affeffments when unpaid by any Person or Persons whomsoever, and by such other legal Ways and Means as to them shall seem meet: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to charge such Meffenger or Affignee, or Sheriff or other Officer, with the Payment of any of such Rates or Affeffments for more than One Year then last past, or of any larger Sum or Sums of Money than the Value of the Goods, Chattels or Effefts which any such Meffenger or Affignee, or Sheriff or other Officer, shall seize, or of which Poffeffion shall be taken by him or them.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case at any time or times hereafter any Person or Persons who hath or have been rated and assessed to any Rates or Affeffments which shall be made by virtue of this Aft, or by virtue of any local Aft or Afts of Parliament, for and towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or. other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, either exclusively or jointly with any other Objefts or Purposes, shall quit his or their Meffuages or Hereditaments within the said parochial or other District, for or in respect whereof he or they shall be rated or affeffect, before he or they shall have paid any such Rates or Affeffments, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons appointed to collect or receive any such Rates or Affeffments by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or any One of them, (Oath being made by him or them that he or they doth or do suspect that such Person or Persons hath or have removed his, her or their Goods and Chattels,) by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any of His Ma-jefty’s Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County where such parochial or other Diftrift shall be situate, and which Warrant such Juflice or Justices is or are hereby authorized and required to grant, (and in case such Person or Persons shall have removed into any other County, City or Place, such Warrant being first backed and countersigned by some Magiftrate of the County, City or Place to which such Person or Persons shall have removed, and which Warrant every such Magiftrate is hereby empowered and dirested, without Fee or Reward, to back or countersign,) to distrain and ap-praife and fell the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons who shall have so quitted the said Meffuages or Hereditaments before he or they shall have paid such Rates or Affeffments, for the Sum or Sums of Money due from any such Person or Persons by virtue of such Rates or Affeffments, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and for all Cofts, Charges and Expences occasioned by such Warrant, Distress, Appraifement, and Sale, in any County, City or Place to which such Person or Persons shall have removed, in such and the same manner as if the fame Person or Persons had continued in the parochial or other Diftrift wherein the Meffuages or Hereditaments shall be situate in respect whereof any such Rates or AfTeifments shall have been made.

Rates collefted	XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Goods and Chattels

d^id* d"TeneS	°^ eack anc^ eveiT Person and Persons renting and occupying any fe-

niems to be*2"	Parate Part	Apartment of or in any Meffuage or Hereditament,

and

Hosted

57° GEO. IIL

C. xxix.

A.D.18I7.

607

and the Goods and Chattels in every MefTuage or Hereditament let ready furniihed, although the Person or Persons occupying such MefTuage or Hereditament, or separate Part or Apartment, be not rated or afTefTed under or by virtue of this Adi, or of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diflridl within the Jurifdidiion of this Adi, shall be liable to be diilrained and fold by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of His Majefly’s Juflices of the Peace, which he is by this Adi authorized and directed to grant, for any Rates or AfTefTments made by virtue of this Adi, or of any local Adi or Adis, for or towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other Diflridl, and either exclusively or jointly with any other Objedls and Purposes, which have accrued or become due during the term of the Occupancy by any such Person or Persons of any such MefTuage or Plereditament, or separate Part or Apartment thereof, and for the Cofls and Charges and Expences of such Warrant, and of any Appraifement, PofTefiion, Removal or Sale of such Goods and Chattels, or attendant thereupon ; but no such Person or Persons shall be required or compellable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Difcharge of the said Rates or AfTefTments, or any of them, than the Amount of the Rent actually due and payable by such Person or Persons to the Owner or Owners of such MefTuage or Hereditament, or other Person or Persons rated or afTefTed as the Occupier or Occupiers of the MefTuages or Hereditaments so entirely or partly occupied by such Person or Persons; and that each and every Person or Persons who shall pay any such Rates or AfTefTments as ought to have been paid by the Owner or Owners of any such MefTuage or Hereditament, or by his or their Landlord or Landlords, or upon whose Goods or Chattels the fame shall be levied in pursuance of this Adi, shall and may deduct the fame from and out of the Rent due and payable or to become due and payable to his or their Landlord or Landlords so letting out the fame MefTuage or Hereditament, or separate Part or Apartment, to him or them, (unlefs there shall be Tome Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant) ; and the Receipt and Receipts for such Payment or Payments shall be a sufficient Difcharge to every such Person or Persons for so much Money as he or they, shall have so paid, or which shall have been so levied on his or their Goods and Chattels in pursuance of this Adi, and shall be repaid by such Owner or Owners, or be allowed by such Landlord or Landlords of such MefTuages or Hereditaments, in part or full Payment, as the case may be, for the Rent due or to become due to him or them from such Person or Persons as aforesaid, for or in respect of such MefTuages or Hereditaments, or separate Parts or Apartments thereof respectively.

XLII. And be it further enacted, to prevent Difputes touching the Defignation of Owner or Landlord or Proprietor of any MefTuages or Hereditaments intended to be made liable to be rated and afTefTed by any Rates or AfTefTments made or to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diflridl within the Jurifdidiion of this Adi, and either exclusively or jointly with any other Objedls or Purposes, and either by virtue of this Adi or of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament^ That the Person or Persons legally authorized and empowered to receive and collect, or receiving and

colleding,

repaid by Landlords ;

and may be deducted from Rent, unless Agreement to the contrary.

Persons receiving Rents to be deemed Owners,

Hosted

608

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Uriel's real Owner declare^.

Rates may be apportioned between incoming and outgoing Tenants.

Proportion may be ascertained by Commifooners, h c.

collecting, or claiming to be entitled to receive and colleCt, the Rents of any Mefluages or Hereditaments from the Tenants or aClual Occupiers thereof, or any of them, may be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Mefluages or Hereditaments, and shall be liable to be rated and assessed, and shall be compellable to pay the Rates and AflefT-ments, in respect of such Mefluages or Hereditaments, in all cases in which either Owners or Landlords or Proprietors are made liable to be rated and assessed and to the Payment of Rates and AfTefTments by virtue of this A6t, or of any such local A6t or ACts, unless the real Owner or Owners, or Landlord or Landlords, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, shall be declared by himself or themselves to be the real Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or shall be distinctly and certainly known to their Satisfaction by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other OiftriCt.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons now or hereafter occupying any Meffuage or other Hereditament in any parochial or other DiftriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, fh?dl remove out of or from or quit the PofTeffion of any such Meffuage or Hereditament, before any Rate or Affeffment made or to be made for and towards the Expence of paving or repairing the Pavements in any such parochial or other DiftriCt, and either exclusively or jointly with any other ObjeCls or Purposes, charged on or in respect of any such Meffuage or Hereditament by virtue of any local ACt or ACts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other DiftriCt, or of this ACt, shall be paid and discharged ; or if any Person shall enter into the Occupation of any such Meffuage or Hereditament, out of or from which any other Person shall have so removed, before any such Rate or AfTeffment shall have been paid and discharged, or which, at the time of rating or affefiing the" fame, shall be empty or unoccupied, then and in every such case, the Person so removing out of, and the Person entering into the PofTeffion or Occupation of any such Meffuage or Hereditament, shall be refpeCTively liable to the Payment of every such Rate or Affeffment, in proportion to the time that such Person or Persons possessed or occupied the fame respectively, in like manner as if the Person so removing or quitting as aforesaid had remained in the PofTeffion or Occupation of such Meffuage or Hereditament, or the Person or Persons so entering into the Occupation thereof had been rated or assessed in respect thereof in any such Rate or AfTeffment at the time of the making thereof; and that the Amount of such Proportion (m case any Difputes should arise) may be ascertained and determined by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other Diftridl in which such Meffuage or other Hereditament may be situate; and that according to such Determination such Rates and AfTefTments shall be paid by each of such Persons in such Proportion, and may be levied and recovered from each of such Persons accordingly; but that the fame shall be without Prejudice to any of the Provifions hereinbefore contained as to the Mefluages or Hereditaments being empty and unoccupied, and as to the Rates or AfTefTments remaining charged on the Mefluages or Hereditaments in respect whereof they

12	fhall

Hosted

A. D. 1817.	57°	GEO.	III.	C. x	six.

shall be made, or to any other of the Provifions hereinbefore con-tained.

_ XLIV. And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful from time to time, and at all (times hereafter, for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, and they are hereby empowered, upon the Complaint or Requeft of any Person or Persons fubjetl to the Payment of any Rate or Rates, AfleiTment or AfTeffinents, made or to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within any such parochial or other District, and either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objedls or Purposes, and either by virtue of this Adi or of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any such parochial or other District, who shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved thereby, or incompetent to pay the fame, to mitigate, reduce or lessen the fame, as they in their Difcretion shall think just and reasonable, and also to remit or excuse the Payment thereof for any Caufe which they shall deem sufficient, or for or on account of the Poverty or Indigence of any Person or Persons liable to pay the fame, so complaining or requelling the Remiffion or Redudlion of any such Rates or Afteffments.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adt, may from time to time appoint One or more Treasurer or Treafurers for receiving all the Monies to be raised and collected for and towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements in such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Purpofes or Objedls, and either by virtue of this Adi or of the respective local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to their respective parochial or other Dif-Cridls, not being also the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other Diftridl ; and from time to time, as they shall think necefiary, may remove such Treasurer or Treafurers, and appoint such other Person or Persons in his or their Stead, as they shall think proper ; and such Treasurer and Treafurers is and are hereby directed to keep distinct Accounts of the Monies by him or them received and paid of, for or on account of such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements, by whom he or they shall have been appointed, and from time to time to pay and discharge all such Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall order and direct him or them thereout to pay; and the said Treasurer or Treafurers shall account, whenever thereunto required by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons by whom he or they shall have been appointed, for all the Monies by him or them received and paid of, for or on account of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons ; and the said Treasurer or Treafurers shall pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of the said Accounts respectively shall remain in his or their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons by whom he or they shall have been so 57 Geo. III.	R r	appointed,

609

Rates may be remitted by Commissioners, &c. on account of Poverty,&c.

Commissioners, &c. to appoint a Treasurer.

Duty of such Treasurer in re-fpe£t of keeping Accounts, See.

Hosted

610

C.%%IK.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

appointed, shall by Writing under their Hands authorize to receive Re Ming, &c. to fame, whenever he or they shall be required so to do ; and if render Account, any such Treasurer or Treafurers shall at any time or times refuse or neglect to render any such Accounts, and make such Payments as aforesaid, then and in every such case every and any such Treasurer or Treafurers shall be liable to such Proceedings, and upon Penalty.	Convidion	fhall be liable to such Penalties and Punishments, as by

this Ad, or by any local Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to such parochial or other Diftrid, by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements whereof he or they shall have been so appointed, are imposed or directed to be imposed on Colledors or other Officers neglecting or refusing to ac-T'b'eTr/a’ count at tifnes and in the manner thereby directed ; and that -cmj> c 1 a any Person or Persons being so appointed a Treasurer as aforesaid, although he shall be a Commiffioner or Truftee, or one of the Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other Diftrid, shall not in consequence of such Appointment become disqualified or incapable to ad as a Commiffioner or Truftee, or in the Control of the Pavements for such parochial or other Diftrid ; any Thing in this Aft or in any local Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Aft, shall have appointed or shall hereafter appoint any Treasurer or Treafurers as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Com-miffioners or Trustees or other Persons shall and they are hereby required to take good and sufficient Security from such Treasurer or Treafurers, by the Bond or Bonds of Two or more sufficient Persons in a sufficient Penalty, and such further Security as they may deem necessary and shall approve, conditioned that such Treasurer or Treafurers shall duly account for and pay all Monies received by him or them pursuant to the Directions of this Ad, or of the local Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to such parochial or other Diftrid, by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements whereof he or they shall be or shall have been so appointed.

Colletflois and XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners or oilier Officers Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of pointed hy Com- anY parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, milfioners, &c. may at any Meeting or Meetings appoint a Clerk or Clerks, and may appoint One or more Colledors of the Rates or Affeflments, and an Infpedor or Infpedors of the Pavement within their parochial or other Diftrid, and such other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Ad or of the local Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the paving of such parochial or other Diftrid, exclusively or jointly with any other Matters or Objeds, as such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons shall think proper, and may from time to time remove them or any of them, and appoint other Persons in his or their Stead, as they shall think it necessary or convenient ; and by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Ad, or of such local Ad or Ads of Parliament, may and they are hereby and Salaries, kc. empowered to appoint and pay such Salaries, Gratuities and Allowances to such Clerk or Clerks, Colledors, Infpedors and other 12	Officers,

luier.

Treafurers, if appointed, to give Security.

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57* GEO. III.

O. xxix.

6*11

Officers, and to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements by this ACt directed to be appointed, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners, Truflees or other Persons employed in the Execution of this ACt, or of such local ACt or ACts, as they /hall think reasonable ; and aifo /hall take good and sufficient Security and take Secu-from every such Collectors, and may take such Security for the nt^* due Execution of their refpeCtive Offices by such other Officers and Persons as aforesaid, as they /hall think proper ; and that in case of the Appointment of any Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or A/Teflments, then all and every Person and Persons who is or are liable to pay any such Rates or AfTe/Tments, or any Sums of Money authorized to be raised and demanded by this ACt, or by such local ACt or ACts of Parliament, /hall pay the fame to such Collectors, or to the Persons who /hall from time to time be so appointed to colleCt and receive the fame, according to the true Meaning of this ACt, or of such local ACt or ACts of Parliament ; and that each and every of such Collectors or other Person or Per- Collectors to fons, weekly and every Week, or as often as they or any of them account to Com-/hall be thereunto required by the Commissioners or Trustees, or ra^onerj> &c* other Persons having the Control' of the Pavements of such parochial or other DiftriCt, by whom he or they /hall have been so appointed, /hall render and deliver unto them the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or to their Clerk or Clerks, or to any other Persons whom they /hall direCt, diftinCt, true and perfeCt Accounts in Writing, /igned with their own Hands refpeCtively, of all Monies from Week to Week and from time to time collected and received by them, and each and every of them refpeCtively, of any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on account of such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons, by whom he or they /hall have been so appointed ; and that all other Officers and Persons so to be The like as to appointed as aforesaid, under their Hands, and at such time and ot^er Officerc. times and in such manner as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom they /hall have been appointed may direCt,

/hall deliver to them, or to any other Persons whom they /hall direCt, true and perfeCt Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge, and also of all the Monies which /hall have been by such Officers or Persons refpeCtively received by virtue of such Appointment, or for or on account of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom they /hall severally have been appointed, and how much thereof hath been paid and dif-burfed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments ; and that the said Col- Collectors to pay leCtors of the said Rates and A/Te/Tments /hall weekly and every tolrealurers, Week pay to the Treasurer or Treafurers appointed by the said ^c‘ Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons for the time being, or to such Person or Persons as they /hall direCt, all Sum or Sums of Money by each of them refpeCtively collected and received during the preceding Week, or oftener, if the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons /hall so direCt and require ; and that aH other The like as to Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid /hall from time otker Officer?, to time pay to such Treasurer or Treafurers, or such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements /hall direCt, all Monies which may be and remain in their or any of their refpeCtive Hands; and

Rr 2	that

Hosted

612

C. xxix.

,57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Colleftors to verify their Accounts on Oath.

Colle&or or other Officer not 1 endering Accounts, &c.

Com miflioners, &c. may bring Action,

or may apply to Juftice of the Peace.

Proceedings

thereon.

Collector proved to have unduly detained Money, &c.

Proceedings for the tavne, and Coll6 by Dillrefs.

that they the said Colledlors for the time being-, and each and every of them, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom they shall have been appointed, shall verify the Truth of all Accounts and Statements so rendered and delivered by them from time to time respectively upon Oath, and which Oath any and every Commiffioner or Truftee or other Person having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, is hereby empowered to administer ; and that if any Col-le&or or other Officer or Person appointed as aforesaid, shall not render and deliver, iigned with his own Hand, all and every such Statements and Accounts, or shall not verify the fame upon Oath, when thereunto required as aforesaid, or shall not produce and deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to all Monies received and paid by him, or shall not pay any Monies in his Hands to such Treasurer or Treafurers, or to such other Persons as the Com-miffioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed shall direct, or shall not deliver to such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed, or to any other Person or Persons whom they shall direct, all Books, Papers and Writings in his or their Cuftody or Power relating to the Execution of this Adt or of any such local Adi or Adis of Parliament as aforesaid, within Twenty four Hours after he shall have been required so to do by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed, then and in either of the cases aforesaid, such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom any such Colledlor or other Officer or Person shall have been appointed, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Adlion or Adlions against any such Colledlor, Officer or other Person so negledling or refilling as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Colledlor, Officer or Person respectively, or against the Person or Persons having become Securities for him ; or such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or their Clerk or Clerks, or any other Person whom they shall direct for that Purpose, may complain of any such Refufal or Negledl as aforesaid to any Juftice of the Peace for the City, Borough, County or Place wherein such Colledlor or other Officer or Person so negledling or refufmg shall be and reside; and such Juftice may and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Colledlor or other Officer or Person so refufmg or negledling, and against whom such Complaint shall be made, to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way ; and if upon the Confeffion of the Party, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, it shall appear to such Juftice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected and received by any such Colledlor or other Officer or Person shall be in the Hands of such Colledlor or other Officer or Person, or that he shall not have rendered and delivered such true and perfect Account, signed as aforesaid, or shall have detained any Receipts or Vouchers, Books, Papers or Writings as aforesaid, then such Juftice may and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money, and all Coils, Charges and Expences incurred and to be incurred thereabouts, to be

levied

Hosted

570 GEO. III.

C\ xxix.

613

levied by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods, Chattels and other Effects

of such Colledor or other Officer or Person respectively ; and if no If no Diftrefe,

Goods or Chattels of such Colledor or other Officer or Person can ^t^nyC°m*

be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the mlc e

said Coils, Charges and Expences of diflraining, removing and felling

the fame Goods, Chattels and other Effeds, and all other Coils,

Charges and Expences to be incurred thereabouts, then and in either of the Cafes aforesaid such Juilice shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Corredion for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other Diflrid shall be iituate, or wherein such Offender shall reside, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have rendered and delivered, signed as aforesaid, such true and perfect Account as afo-resaid, and shall have delivered as aforesaid all Receipts and Vouchers relating thereto, and shall have paid all Monies received by him for and in respect of the said Rates and Affeffments, or otherwise as aforesaid, remaining in his Hands, or shall have compounded for the Amount of such Monies due from him with the said Commissioners or Truflees, or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed, to their Satisfaction, and shall have paid the Amount of such Compofition in such manner as they shall approve (and which Competition they are hereby empowered to make and accept), or until he shall have delivered up all Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid in his Cuftody or Power, or shall have given Satisfadion in respect thereof to the said Commissioners or Truflees, or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed; and that in any such Adion or Adions or other Pro- What Proof ne-ceedings againff any such Collector, or against any Person or Persons cefTary by Com-who shall have become Securities for him, it shall not be necessary jniffioners, &c. in for the Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons by whom he uc ^ 'ons* shall have been appointed to prove the Receipts by him of every Sum of Money included in any Rate or Affeffment which he shall have been appointed to collect, with the Amount whereof and with which they shall seek to charge him or them, and to recover from him or them by any such Adion or Adions, or other Proceedings, but that it shall only be necessary for such Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons to prove the total Amount of the several Rates or Affeffments which he shall have been appointed to collect, and that the full Amount thereof shall be deemed to be due from him, and from any Person or Persons having become Securities for him, and shall be recovered from and be paid by him or them accordingly, except only such Part or Parts thereof as he or they shall prove, by a credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, to have been paid by him the said Colledor to such Treasurer or Treafurers as aforesaid, or to some other Person or Persons directed to receive the fame by the Commiffihners or Truflees or other Persons by whom he shall have been so appointed as aforesaid, or that he hath not received and collected, from the Person or Persons charged with the Payment of any Sums of Money by the said Rates and Affeffments which he shall have been appointed to collect, any of the Sums of Money charged by such Rates and Affeffments ; Provided always, that such Length of Colledor or other Officer or Person so committed as aforesaid shall Imprifonment, not be detained and kept in Prifon by virtue of such Warrant or for any longer Space of Time than Twelve Calendar Months : Pro- Commissioners, vided also, that no Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons &c. net liable for

R r 3	having

Hosted

C.xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Default of Treasurer,

Colle£lors unduly retaining Monies,

Penalty aol.

Proceedings agaiuft Officers or Compofition not to discharge their Securities.

Exception.

Officers accepting any unauthorized Fee,

having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiction of this Aft, by whom any Treasurer or Treafurers, Colleftor or other Officer shall be appointed, shall be liable for or by reason of any Default of such Treasurer or Treafurers, Colleftor or other Officer so appointed ; and that any Sum or Sums of Money which shall or may be received by any such Treasurer or Treafurers, Colleftor or other Officer, and which shall not be recovered from him or them, shall and may be made up by any future Rates or Afleffments, to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within any such parochial or other District, either ex-clufively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objefts or Purpofes whatsoever.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Colleftor of the Rates or Afleffments so appointed as aforesaid shall at any time retain and have in his Hand any Sum or Sums of Money, amounting together to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, collected and received by him by virtue of such Appointment for the Space of Seven Days, without paying over the fame to the Treasurer or Treafurers for the time being to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, by whom he shall have been appointed, or to such other Person or Persons as they (hail have from time to time appointed or directed to receive the fame, then every such Colleftor shall for every such Retention or Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Aft*

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Profecution or Commitment, Aftion or other Proceedings, of or against any Treasurer, Colleftor or other Officer appointed as aforesaid, by any Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft as aforesaid, nor any Compofition accepted by them from him, shall in any manner acquit, release or discharge any Surety or Security that shall or may have been taken by or given to or for the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed, for the due and faithful Execution of the Duties of any such Appointment as Treasurer, Colleftor or other Officer, or for the due and punctual Payment and Application of the Monies received by him in pursuance or by virtue of such Appointment, or for the proper Obfervance and Performance by him of the Duties enjoined on any such Treasurer, Colleftor or other Officer by virtue of this Aft, or of any local Aft or Afts of Parliament, nor shall acquit, release or discharge in any manner any Person or Persons who shall have become bound for him or on his Behalf to such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been so appointed, except only, that in case any Compofition shall be accepted as aforesaid, then such Person or Persons shall be discharged from the Payment of so much Money as shall be received by the said Commif-fioners or Trustees or other Persons by virtue thereof.

E. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be appointed to be a Treasurer, Surveyor, or Infpeftor of the Pavements,

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

615

ments, or Colledlor, or if any Person who shall be otherwise employed by the Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdi&ion of this Adi, in or for the Execution thereof, shall exact, take or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances and Rewards as are directed by this Adi, or by any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating, to such parochial or other District, or as shall be from time to time appointed, allowed and approved of by the said Commifiioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, for or on account of any thing done or to be done by virtue of such Office or Appointment, or shall in any way be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contradl made or to be made by or with the said Commifiioners or Truflees or other Persons by whom he shall be so appointed, then he shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereafrer directed to be recovered by virtue of this Adi ; and if he shall in any way be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contradl made or to be made by or with the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall be so appointed, he shall also be disqualified and for ever incapable of continuing to serve or of being employed by fuck Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been so appointed, as well as forfeit and pay the Penalty aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Treasurer or Treafurers, Colledlor or Colledlors, Officers or other Persons, appointed by the Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, for the Colledlion and Receipt of the Monies to be collected and received by virtue of any Rates and Affeffments which may be made for or towards the Expences of paving and keeping in Repair the Pavements of any Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objedls or Purposes, shall happen to die or become Bankrupt before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all Monies received by him or them for or in respect of any such Rates or Affeffments, or for or on account of the Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he or they shall have been appointed, then and in every such case, if such Treasurer or Treafurers, Colledlor or Colledlors, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall die, the Executor or Executors, Admi-niftrator or Administrators, Reprefentativ-e or Reprefentatives, or other Person or Persons possessing the Eftate and Effedls of every such Treasurer or Treafurers, Colledlor or Colledlors, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Com-miffioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, or if he or they shall become Bankrupt, then the Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate and Effedls of such Bankrupt, shall, out of such Eftate and Effedls, pay to the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other Diftridl as aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons as they shall from

R r 4	time

Penalty aol.

Reprefentatives of Officers deceased or becoming Bankrupt, to account,

Hosted by C 3gle

616

in preference to all other Debts, except to the Crown.

Executor, &c. on Action, may plead such Payment.

Executor, &c. not paying Monies due from his Telia tor, &c. Commissioners, &c. may sue.

Colls.

C.xxix.	57°	GEO. III.	A.D.	1817-

time to time direct to receive the fame, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been collected or received by such Trea-furer or Treafurers, Colledtor or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons appointed by the laid Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and which shall be due and owing from him or them to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid by whom he or they shall have been so appointed, at the time of his or their Death, or at the time of the suing out any Commiffion of Bankruptcy against him or them, and not paid over, or so much thereof as the said Eftate and Effedts of such Treasurer or Treafurers, Colledtor or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, who shall so die or become Bankrupt, will extend to pay, and in preference to any other Debt or Debts (except Debts due to the King’s Majesty) ; and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, or of any Person or Persons directed by them from time to time to receive the fame, shall be a good Difcharge or good Difcharges for the Money therein expressed to be received ; and that every Executor or Adminiftrator, Affignee or Affignees, or other Perlons possessing the Eftate and Effedts of any such Treasurer, Colledtor, Officer or other Person as aforesaid, may, to any Adtion or Suit commenced or brought against him or them, plead or give in Evidence the Authority of this Adt for such Payment, and shall be allowed the fame prior to any other Debt or Demand whatsoever (fave and except only Debts due to the King’s Majesty as aforesaid) ; and in case of Nonpayment of all and every such Sum or Sums of Money by any Executor or Adminiftrator, Affignee or Affignees, or other Person as aforesaid, for the Space of Ten Days after the fame shall have been demanded by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom such Treasurer, Colledtor, Officer or other Person dying or becoming Bankrupt had been appointed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements within such parochial or other District, by whom any such Treasurer, Colledtor, Officer or other Person had been appointed, to commence one or more Adtion or Adtions in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster against such Executors or Adminiftrators, Aflignee or Affignees, or other Persons as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the fame Sum or Sums of Money ; and that in any such Adtion or Adtions it shall only be necessary for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons to prove the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money due from such Treasurer, Colledtor, Officer or other Person, without proving what Monies, Eftates or Effedts of the Person or Persons so dying or becoming Bankrupt shall have been or might have been received by any of such Executors or Adminiftrators, Affignee or Affignees ; and that they shall by such Adtion or Adtions recover the full Amount of all the Sum or Sums of Money due from such Treasurer, Colledtor, Officer or other Person at the time of his Decease, or of the issuing of the said Commiffion of Bankrupt, with the full Cofts of such Adtion, to be taxed as between an Attorney and

Hosted

A.D.1817.	57° GEO. III.	C.xxlx.	gi7

his Client, and in which Adlion no EfToign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commifiioners, to and for the Commifiioners or Trustees, or other Persons having ^c- may pave the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other DiftriCl within the Jurifdi£lion of this A£l, from pavjng Mate/)-time to time to pave and keep in Repair, or eaufe to be paved and als being vested kept in Repair, or to enter into any Contract or Contrails for paving in them, and keeping in Repair, all or any Pait or Parts of the Carriageways or Footways of all or any of the Streets or public Places in their respective parochial or other DifiriCls within the JurifdiCtion of this A6t ; and also that all and every the Pavements, Stones, Polls and other Materials which now are or which may be hereafter placed in the Foot or Carriageways of any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Diftri&s, which shall have been or may from time to time be paved or repaired by the laid Commifiioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavement in each of their respective parochial or other Diftri&s, and all Things and Implements which shall be then laid down, or may be purehafed, provided or made use of by them therein or thereabouts, shall be and the fame are hereby veiled in the respective Commissioners or Trullees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within each of their respective parochial or other Diftri&s, and shall and may be laid and Hated as their Property, How such Pro-according to the general Name or Title by which they are dif- Perty hated m tinguifhed in the respective local A <51 or A6ls of Parliament relating to their respective parochial or other Diftri&s, under and by virtue fam^Mate-whereof they are or shall be from time to time appointed to a<5l, and rials, not according to their individual Name or Names, in any Indidlment,

Information, or other Proceeding which may be preferred or hied, or taken againll any Person or Persons for removing or taking away,

Healing, detaining, spoiling, injuring or dellroying the fame Pavements or Materials, or Implements or Things, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and also that it shall and may be lawful Commlfiloners, for them from time to time to order all or any of the Stones and other &c- uie Materials then being in any such Streets or public Places, as they ^tones> &c-may from time to time pave or repair, to be made use of in or towards the paving or repairing the Foot or Carriageway Pavements in any Streets or public Places within their refpefiive parochial or other Difiri&s ; and also may from time to time purchase, or rent upon Leafe or otherwise, any Premifes which they may think necef-fary, for the Purpofe of laying or depoliting or otherwise disposing of all or any of their Stones or other Materials or Implements, for and until such time as they shall use the fame; and also that they may and the fame from time to time fell and dispose of all or any Part of the old Pave- may be ditpofcd ments or other Materials or Implements poflefied by or belonging to of diem » them, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the fame, they applying the Monies arising from time to time by any and every such Sales in aid of the Monies raised and to be raised within their respective parochial or other Diftri&s for or towards the Expence of paving and repairing the Pavements therein ; and also and Commit -fhall and may eaufe to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought fioners, &c. may into any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or ceirar^MaVc other Diftri&s, and shall and may purchase any such Gravel, Stones Jfalsand employ

and Workmen,

Hosted

618

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

and raise or lower Streets, Sec.

and deposit Materials ns may be necessary;

and (lop up Streets during Reparations; and may alter the Channels therein ;

and may raise or lower Pipes,&c.

Pavements net to be removed without Perm if* fion of Comm if-(loners, &c.

and other Materials, Horfes, Carts and Tools, and employ such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters and other Persons, and issue such Money on thoie Accounts, and do all and every such other Adis and Things as the said Commissioners or Trufiees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, may from time to time judge necessary or expedient for or towards or about the paving or repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Diftridts, or incidental thereto ; and also that they or their respective Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, or any Infpedtors or other Officers by them appointed for the time being, shall and may from time to time cause the Ground of any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Diftridts to be raised or lowered in such manner as they or he shall think necessary ; and also that they or their respective Surveyors, Infpedtors or other Officers for the time being, during the time of the paving or of the repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Diftridts, or of any Grates, Drains or Sewers therein, shall and may order the necessary Materials to be placed or deposited in any such Street or public Place, or in any adjoining Street or public Place ; and may flop up the Way through or along any such Street or public Place, or any adjoining Street or public Place, for the Purpofes aforesaid, for as long time as they shall from time to time think necessary ; and also that they or their respective Surveyors, Infpedtors or other Officers for the time being, shall or may from time to time direct and cause the Courfe of any Gutter or Channel, running in or through any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Diftridts, to be turned or altered in such manner as they shall think proper, and to direct and cause the Grates already placed or hereafter to be placed over any Sewers (at their Charges) to be removed and replaced in such manner and at such Place and Places as they shall think proper; and also that they or their respective Surveyors, Infpedtors or other Officers for the time being, may (at such their Charges) raise, fink or otherwise alter, or cause or direct to be raised, funk or altered, any Pipes or Plugs, or the Situation or Pofition of any Pipes or Plugs of any Water or Gas Light Companies, or any of the Leaden or other Pipes which may be laid into or from any of the Mains or Pipes of any of the said Companies, when and as often and in such Places as they or their respective Surveyors, Infpedors or other Officers for the time being shall deem expedient, for the Purpofe of the better paving or repairing or keeping in Repair the Pavement of the Streets or public Places within their reipedtive parochial or other Diftridts, but with as little Detriment and Inconvenience to the said Companies, as in the Judgment of the said Surveyors, Infpedtors or other Officers, the Circumftances will permit.

LIIL And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall take or break up, or cause to be taken of broken up, any Pavement in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this Adt, or make any Alteration therein, under any Pretence whatsoever, without the Confent of the Commissioners or Trufiees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, first obtained and certified under the

Hand

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix*

6\D

Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being; and that all and every Person and Persons to whom such Confent shall be granted, shall be subject and liable to all n|1cJ subject to the Provifions in this Adi contained in respect to the Water and Gas 10n> 0 Light Companies and the Commissioners of Sewers, as to the Reparation of the Pavements, and as to the Removal of all Rubbiffi and other Obftrudlions, and as to the Provifion of Bars, Watchmen and other Securities,and to all Penalties by this Adi imposed on the Breach of any of such Provifions respectively, and to such other Conditions and Regulations as the said Commissioners or Tru flees, or other Persons consenting as aforesaid, ffiall flipulate and direct, and ffiall obey and perform the fame and every of them ; and that in case any Person or Persons (except Water and Gas Light Companies and the Commissioners of Sewers, and who are to conform to the particular Provifions of this Adi relating to them,) shall take or break up, or Removing Pave-caufe to be taken or broken up, or shall wilfully damage any Pave- ments, &c. with-ment in any Streets or public Places, or shall make or cause to be out Content, made any Alteration therein, without such Confent as aforesaid, certified as aforesaid, then any and every such Person or Persons in every such case so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit Pennky. and pay a Sum not being less than Five Pounds nor exceeding Ten Pounds ; and also for each and every Square Foot of such Pavement exceeding One Foot so taken or broken up or altered, or so wilfully damaged, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not being less than Five Pounds nor exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Adi.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners or Commiftioners Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of may furvev the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diflridls Pavements> within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, may from time to time and at all times hereafter infpedl and survey all Streets or public Places, or other Parts of their respective parochial or other Diftridls, as may not have been theretofore paved or repaired by virtue of or under the respective local Adi or Adis of Parliament for such parochial or other Difiridl, and whether the fame shall have been or ffiall not have been theretofore paved by any other Person or Persons than such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, by virtue of such local Adi or Atfts of Parliament ; and that as to any such Part or Parts as may have been already paved, in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, that such Parts being then paved are not in sufficient Repair, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or for their Surveyor of the Pavements for the time being, to cause a Notice or Notices under the Hand of a Surveyor and give Notice of the Pavements in such parochial or other Diftridl to be given to to Owner or orjfor the Owner or Owners, or for the Occupier or Occupiers of all Qccupierto or any Meffuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments adjoining ^ve’ to such Parts of the said Streets or public Places, or other Parts within their respective parochial or other Diftridls theretofore paved as are not in sufficient Repair, and by such Notice or Notices to require such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, to pave or to repave, or to repair, (as such Commissioners or Trustees or other

Perfons

620

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

a.d. i8ir.

Owner thereupon not paving

Persons as aforesaid, or their Surveyor of the Pavement as aforesaid, shall think expedient,) the Foot and Carriage Pavements abutting on the MefTuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to or occupied by him or them, across the Street or public Place wherein or on one Side whereof any such MefTuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments may be situated; and that such Notice or Notices may be given to or left for such Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, or any or either of them, at his or their or any or either of their usual or last known Place or Places of Abode, or at or on or affixed against the MefTuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments, or force of them, or Tome Part thereof, belonging to or occupied by such Owners or Occupiers refpedfively, or at or on some Premifes adjoining thereto ; and that in case any such Owner or Occupier, within Seven Days after any such Notice shall be given or left as Uc’	aforesaid,	fhall not well and effectually pave or repave or repair all fuch

Foot and Carriageway Pavement pursuant thereto, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their said Surveyor for the time being, then it shall and may Commissioners, be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Per-atcExpence°of6 ^ons as af°re^a^j or for their Surveyor, to direCt such Pavement to Owner or Occu- paved or repaved or repaired with such Materials and in such pier.	manner	as they may direCt, and by such Person or Persons as they or

he may from time to time appoint, at the Expence of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or any of them, who shall not have paved or repaved or repaired such Foot or Carriageway Pavements to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Truflees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, or of the Surveyor of Pavements as aforesaid ; and that the Amount of the Charges and Expences incurred thereabouts shall be ascertained and determined by the said Surveyor of the Pavements in such parochial or other DiflriCl, and shall be certified to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, who shall have negleCted to pave or repave or repair according to such Notice as aforesaid, by a Note signed by such Surveyor of the Pavements by whom such Charges and Expences shall have been ascertained, and shall be given to or left for such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, at the Place or Places and in the manner in which Notices to pave or to repave or to repair are hereinbefore directed to be given or left ; and that the full Amount of such Charges and Expences, or such Portion thereof as the said Surveyor Owner or Occu- may aPPort'on to each of such Owners or Occupiers in respect of the pier, to be paid several MefTuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments as aforefaid

Amount, on being ascertained and certified to

by him. ' belonging to or occupied by each of them respectively, and mentioned in such Notice or Certificate of the said Surveyor, shall be paid by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers refpedfively, to or for whom such Notice or Certificate was so given or left as aforesaid, within Three Days after such Notice or Certificate shall have been given or left as aforesaid, to the said Surveyor of Pavements, or to such Person or Persons as he shall appoint, and whose Receipt or Receipts shall be a good and sufficient Difcharge, or good and fuf-ficient Difcharges, for the Monies in such Receipt or Receipts acknowledged to have been by him or them received; and that in case any such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall not pay the fame accordingly within the time hereinbefore appointed. Penalty,	then	and in every such case he or they shall forfeit and shall pay to

the

Hosted

A*D. 1817*

57* GEO. III.

C. Xxix.

621

the laid CommilTioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other Diftrid, Doubly the Amount of the Charges and Expences so certified as aforesaid as the Amount to be paid by him or them; and that the fame and every How recovered. Part thereof shall and may be recovered in such and the same manner, and by such and the fame Proceedings, or any of them, as are by this Ad authorized and directed for the Recovery of any Monies from any Water or Gas Light Companies, or Commifiioners of Sewers, or other Persons, for the Cofts and Charges of repairing any Pavements by the Commifiioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrids within the Jurifdidion of this Ad ; but In what case of that in case the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons Commifiioners having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Dif-trid as aforesaid, shall determine that it will be more expedient that be deemed with-any Streets or public Places or other Parts within their respective in their particu-parochial or other Diftrid, being paved and not in sufficient Repair, lar Jurtfdiction; or that any other Streets or public Places, or other Parts within their respective parochial or other Diftrids, being thentofore paved, should be repaired or should be paved and thereafter repaired and kept in Repair, by them the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, then and in any and every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, to repair or to pave the fame or any Part thereof (as they may think expedient), and thereupon that all and every such Streets or public Places or Parts of their respective parochial or other Diftrids so paved or repaired, shall thenceforth be and be deemed to be within the particular Jurifdidion of such Commifiioners, Trustees or other Persons; and that the and Owners, &c. Owners or the Occupiers of all Mefliiages and Hereditaments therein may be lated : may be rated and afiefied to the Rates and Afleflments to be made by virtue of this Ad, or of any local Ad or Ads of Parliament, for and towards the Charges of paving and repairing the Pavements in any such parochial or other Diftrid, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objeds or Purpofes ; and that all Provifions in this Ad and in any local Ad or Ads of Parliament contained, relating to any Parts of any such parochial or other Diftrid as are already paved, shall apply and extend to all such other Parts of the said parochial or other Diftrid as may be so paved or repaired under and by virtue of this A6t, or of the Provifions hereinbefore contained ; and also, that in case there shall be in any Parifh within the Jurifdic- and may include don of this Ad any Streets or public Places which shall not have other Streets and been included in the Jurifdidion of the Commifiioners or Trustees or	as

other Persons having a Control of the Pavements therein, by virtue herein mention-of or under any local Ad or Ads of Parliament, and which are not ed, within their included in the Jurifdidion of any other Paving Commifiioners or Jurifdiction; Trustees or other Persons, by Prefcription or by any local Ad or Ads of Parliament, and it shall appear to any such Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons to be expedient that such Streets or public Places should be included within their Jurifdidion, then it shall and may be lawful for any such Commifiioners, Trustees or other Persons so to order and determine ; and that thereafter all and every such Streets and public Places shall be from thenceforth included within the Jurifdidion of such Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons ;

and

Hosted

<wd Powers of A£t, 8cc. to extend thereto.

Provifo where more than One iri One lAirifh under J ui ifdi6tion of ft; l>arate Com-milTioners.

Commissioners of Sewers to make and repair Grates.

Netle6?ingfo to do on Notice,

Com mi fl]oners of Pavement,

Sen. may proceed.

Cxx57°GEO.IIL	A.D.1817.

and that all Powers and Authorities of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and of their Surveyors, Officers and Servants, and also the Powers and Provifions of the local Ad or Ads of Parliament for such parochial or other Diftrid, and of this Ad, shall apply and exend thereto, in such and the same manner as if such Streets or public Places, or any of them, had by virtue of the said local Ad or Ads of Parliament or othervvife thentofore formed Part of the parochial Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of the said Com-mifiioners or Trullees or other Persons, and by such local Ad or Ads of Parliament or otherwise had been originally and thentofore included therein, any thing in any such local Ad or Ads of Parliament or in this Ad or otherwise to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding ; but provided that there shall be more than One Diftrid, and under the jurisdiction of separate Paving Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, in any one Parifh, then the Powers hereinbefore given to the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, shall and may be used and exercised only by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in that particular Diftrid, within any such Parifh, whose Diftrid shall be contiguous or nearest to any such Streets or public Places, or in case they shall refuse to include the fame and to order and determine as aforesaid, then by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in that particular Diftrid within any such Parifh as doth contain the greatest Number of the Mefiuages and Hereditaments then being within any such Parifh as aforesaid, and may and shall not be used or exercised or claimed by any other Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons whom foe ver.

LV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as at any time or times hereafter there shall be Occafion to make any new or additional Grate, or to repair or alter any Grate now placed or hereafter to be placed over any public Sewer in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, the fame shall be made, repaired, or altered by and at the Expence of the Commissioners of Sewers acting for such parochial or other Diftrid, or such Part thereof wherein any such Street or public Place may be situate, and shall be laid down in such Places and in such manner and form as shall be directed by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other Diftrid, or by their Surveyor of the Pavements for the time being; and the said Commissioners of Sewers shall also from time to time and at all times repair, cleanse and empty any and every public Sewer within their Jurifdidion, whenever they shall be required so to do by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diftrid wherein any such public Sewer may be situated, at the like Expence of the said Commissioners of Sewers’*; and in case the said Commissioners of Sewers shall refuse of neglect to execute any of such Works for the Space of Two Days next after any such Notice in Writing given or left as is hereinbefore directed as to any other Works to be executed by them, then and in any and every such Cafe it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, to cause such Grate or

Grates

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

623

Grates to be made, repaired, altered and laid down, and all or any such public Sewers to be repaired, cleansed and emptied, by such Person or Persons and in such manner as they may direct:, employ and appoint, and to their Satisfaction ; and the Coils and Charges thereof shall be certified to the said Commissioners of Sewers, and shall be reim-burfed or paid by them in the manner and within the time hereinbefore directed as to the Charges of relaying Pavements, and shall and may be obtained and recovered of them in like manner, and by such and the fame Proceedings, or any of them, as are hereinbefore directed or authorized as to the Recovery of any Charges and Expences of relaying Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diitrict within the Jurifdiction of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrict within the Jurifdiction of this Act, at any time or times hereafter may make or cause to be made any new public Sewers or Drains to communicate with the said Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Diftricts or any of them, and with any other public Sewer under the Jurifdiction of any Commissioners of Sewers, and also any new Grate or Grates over such new Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, but conformably to the Regulations of the said Commissioners of Sewers for the time being; and the Expences attending the making any such new Sewers or Drains or Grates over such new Sewers or Drains, shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, out of the Monies raised and to be raised for and towards the Charges of paving or repairing the Pavements within their respective parochial or other Dictrict, or out of such Monies as they the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, may contribute thereto ; and that it Ihall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to contribute out of any Monies which they shall receive and possess by virtue of any Rates or Afleflments, such Sum or Sums as they may think proper towards the Expences of or incidental to the making of any such new Sewers or Drains, or new Grates over such new Sewers or Drains, by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or by any other Persons ; and that the fame Sewers or Drains or Grates, when made and completed, shall be under the Care, Management and Dire&ion of the Commissioners of Sewers, in like manner as other public and common Drains or Sewers ; and the said Commissioners of Sewers shall thereafter cause such Sewers or Drains from time to time to be repaired, cleansed and emptied, and such Grate or Grates to be from time to time repaired, replaced or altered in the manner directed by any local A61 or Adis of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or by this A61, as to any former or other Sewers or Drains or Grates ; and the fame Sewers or Drains or Grates shall be subject to all the Provifions relating to any Sewers or Drains or Grates contained in any local A 61 or A6ts of Parliament for any such parochial or other District, or in this A61.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever from time to time or at any time hereafter it shall appear to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jjurifdi6tion of this A6t, or to any Two or more of them, or to

their

and may recover the Charges.

New Sewers and Grates may be also made and repaired by Commissioners &c. of Pavement.

How Expences paid.

To be under

Commissioners of Sewers.

Private Drains also to be cleansed,

624

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

on Notice by Commissioners, Sec. to Owner or Occupier of Houle, &c.

Owner, &c. neglecting,

their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, or any of theta, that any private Drain, Sewer, Ceffpool, Gutter or Watercourfe running beneath or above or communicating with any other Drain or Sewer beneath any of the Pavements of any of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other Diftrid doth require to be repaired, amended, altered, emptied or cleansed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Per-fons having the Control of such Pavements as aforesaid, or any Two or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid for the time being, or any of them, to give or caufeto be given a Notice or Notices under their Hands, or under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, to or for the . Owner or Owners or for the Occupier or Occupiers of all or any Meffuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments to whom such Drain, Sewer, Ceffpool, Gutter or Watercourfe shall belong, or by whom the fame shall be used or enjoyed, or from whose Meffuages, Houses, Lands or Hereditaments any such Drain, Sewer, Gutter or Watercourfe shall proceed or flow, or wherewith the fame or any such Ceffpool shall communicate, well and sufficiently to repair, amend, alter, empty or cleanse the fame and every Part thereof ; and in case any such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, within Three Days after any such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall not well and effectually repair, amend, alter, empty or cleanse any such Drain or Sewer and every Part thereof, pursuant to such Notice, and to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, orjfor their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, to direct such Drain, Sewer, Ceffpool, Gutter or Watercourfe to be repaired, amended, altered, emptied or cleansed, with such Materials and in such manner as they or he may direCt, and by such Person or Persons as they or he may from time to time appoint ; and that the Amount of the Charges and Expences incurred thereabouts, and also of taking up, relaying or repairing any Pavements in any Streets or public Places which may for those Purpofes or any of them be taken up, shall be afeer-tained and determined by such Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements as aforesaid, and shall be certified by him or them to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, and shall be paid by him or them and may recover within the same time, and may be recovered with the fame Penalties in case of Nonpayment, in such and the same manner and by such and the fame Proceedings, as are by this Ad authorized and directed for the ascertaining and determining, certifying and recovering, any Monies to become due and to be recovered from any Persons whom-soever, for the Cofts and Charges of repairing or paving or repaving any Pavements of any Streets or public Places by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diftrid. within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, may cause Pofts of Wood, Stone or Iron to be fet up near or adjoining the Foot Pavements,

in

Com miffi Oners, &c. may proceed

Charees.

Ports may be erected in Streets, 8cc. for the Prefervation ofthePavemems and Prevention of Accidents.

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.xxix.

625

in such Part or Parts of all or any of the Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Dillridls, as they shall judge necessary ; and also shall and may fet up Polls and Rails near or adjoining to any vacant Ground, or other exposed or dangerous Place, abutting upon or adjoining to any of the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other Diftri6t, in case they shall think proper so to do, for preventing Accidents or Cafualties ; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or carelessly knock down, break, damage or injure such Polls or Rails, or any of them, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not being less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Ten Pounds ; and shall also make a full Satisfaction (to be ascertained by the Jullice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be conviCted) to such Commissioners, Trullees or other Person or Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other DiftriCt within which the Offence shall be committed, for the Damage so done ; and that such Penalty and Satisfaction shall be recovered in the same manner in which Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this ACt.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, Trullees or any other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DiltriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, and who by any local ACt or ACts of Parliament relating thereto are also authorized and empowered to direCt the cleansing of the Streets or public Places within such parochial or other DillriCt, at any time or times hereafter to agree by private Contrad or by public Auction, or by Tender or Propofal if they shall think fit, for any time not exceeding Three Years, with any Person or Persons to be the Scavenger or Scavengers* Raker or Rakers, Cleanfer or Cleanfers of the Streets and public Places within the said parochial or other DillriCt i and' such Person or Persons, on a certain Day in every Week,, and oftener when thereunto required by any Three or more of the said Commissioners or Trullees or other Persons as aforesaid, or by the Surveyor of the Pavements of such parochial or other DillriCt, or any InfpeCtor or other Officer or Perfon- appointed by them or any of them, shall bring or cause to be brought convenient Carriages into all such Streets or public Places where such Carriages can be drawn near or pass unto, and at or before their Approach, by Bell, Horn, Clapper or otherwise, by a loud Noife or Cry, shall give Notice to the Inhabitants, and shall give the like Notice in every other Place into which the said Carriages cannot pass and abide ; and such Scavengers, Rakeis or Cleanfers shall take and carry away or cause to be taken and carried away from the refpeClive Houfes and Premifes of the Inhabitants or Occupiers, their Soil, Alhes, Cinders, Rubbish, Dull,Dirt and Filth, and all which the said Scavengers, Rakers or Cleanfers shall carry away or cause to be carried away at their own Coils and Charges, upon Pain of forfeiting a Sum of Forty Shillings for every NegletSl or Default, (except neverthe-lefs all such Rubb-ilh, Earth, Dull and Filth as shall be occasioned by building, repairing, amending or altering any House or Houfes or any other Building or Buildings, or by cleansing or repairing any Drain or Sewer) ; and also that the said Rubbilh, Earth, Dull or Soil thereby occasioned, and every Part thereof, within the Space of 57 Geo. III.	S	s	Twelve

Damaging, 5:c. the fame,

Penalty.

Commissioners, &c. may appoint Scavengers.

Duty^ of such Scavenger in removing Dirt, &c.

Penalty 40s.

Hosted

<526

C.xxix.

57" GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Owner or Occupier of Houles, &c. not removing Dirt, fcc. Penalty jh

Penalty.

Power to Com-miflioners to appoint. different Persons to col-ledt and to pof-fel's the Dirt, &c.

Persons, other than inch Scavengers, removing, fee. Dirt,&c.

Proceedings.

Twelve Hours after the fame or any Part thereof shall be first left or placed in any Street or public Place, shall be carried away by or at the Charge of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Houfes and Buildings, or by the Commissioners of such Sewers respectively as aforesaid ; and that such Owners or Occupiers or Commissioners neglecting to remove the fame and every Part thereof, or to cause the fame to be removed, within the time above limited, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every NegleCt to remove the fame within the time above limited 5 and also, that if any Person or Persons shall refuse to permit such other Soil, Afhes, Cinders, Rubbish, Dull, Dirt or Filth to be taken away by the Scavengers, Rakers or Cleanfers, or other Persons appointed by and agreeing with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, then every such Person or Persons so offending shall in like manner forfeit and shall pay the like Sum of Five Pounds ; Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control as aforesaid, either to contract and agree with and to appoint the fame Person or Persons or a different Person and other Persons to be the Scavengers, Rakers or Cleanfers within their parochial or other DiftriCt of the Streets or public Places therein, and to be the Persons to colleCt and carry away and possess and retain the Soil, Afhes, Cinders, Rubbish, Dull, Dirt and Filth from the Houfes and Premifes within their refpeCtive parochial or other DiftriCts, as they shall deem most expedient ; but that the Right and Benefit of such Soil, Afhes, Cinders, Rubbish, Dull, Dirt and Filth, shall belong excluftvely to the Person or Persons who shall be from time to time by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid appointed to colleCt and possess the fame ; any thing in any local ACt or Adds of Parliament or in this ACt to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons other than the Scavengers, Rakers or Cleanfers of any parochial or other DiftriCt, or the other Person or Persons employed or appointed by or contracting with the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, to colleCt and retain the Dull, Cinders or Afhes within their refpeCtive parochial or other DiftriCt, or those employed by and under such Person or Persons, shall on any Pretence what-foever go about to collect or gather, or shall ask for, receive or carry away any Duft, Cinders or Afhes, it shall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County within which such parochial or other DiftriCt may be lituate, upon Complaint to him made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him such Offender or Offenders, and also for any Person or Persons who shall fee any such Offence committed to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, the Offender or Offenders, together with the Horfes, Affes, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows, or other Carriages or Implements made use of for carrying the fame away ; and by the Authority of this Adt, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her or them before such Juftice of the Peace, or any Juftice of the Peace for the said City-, Borough or County ; and such Juftice shall and he is hereby authorized and required to examine upon Oath the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender or Offenders, or any Witnefs or Witneffes who fhall

appear

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

627

appear to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence ; and if the Party or Parties shall be convicted of going about to col-left or gather, or of asking for, receiving or carrying away any Duft, Cinders or Afhes from any House or other Premifes within any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, not being the Person or Persons employed or appointed by or contraft-ing with the said Commissioners or Truflees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements within such parochial or other District, to collect and possess the Duft, Cinders and Afhes from the Houfesand Premifes therein, or not acting with or under his or their Authority, he, {he or they shall respectively, for the First Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds ; for the Second Offence, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds ; and for the Third asid every other fub-fequent Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and One Moiety of which respective Penalties shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, or to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety shall be paid and shall belong to the Person or Persons so employed or appointed by or contrafting with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid ; and if such Offender or Olfenders shall not on Conviftion pay the said Penalty or Penalties, such Juftice is hereby required to direct such Horfes, Affes, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows or other Carriages or Implements which shall have been so seized, to be ap-praifed and fold ; and after dedufting out of the Monies to arise by such Sale the Penalty or Penalties incurred, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Warrant, and of such Distress, Appraifement and Sale, the Overplus thereof shall be returned upon Demand to the Party or Parties whose Horfes and other Things shall be appraised and fold; and in case there shall have been no such Seizure as aforesaid, or if the Horfes, Affes, Cattle, Carts or other Things which shall be appraised and fold, shall not produce a fuflicient Sum of Money to pay the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, then if such Offender or Offenders shall not upon the Conviftion pay the said Penalty or Penalties, or such Part or Parts of the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, which shall remain over and above the Produce of the Horfes, Affes, Cattle, Carts and other Things so seized and fold, then such Juftice is hereby required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correftion for the City, Borough or County where such parochial or other Diftrift shall be situate, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Thirty Days, unless such Penalty or Penalties, and Charges and Expences, and every Part thereof, shall be sooner paid and fatisfied*

LX1. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons so employed or appointed by or contrafting with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons for the Purpofes aforesaid, shall neglect for the Space of Seven Days to bring or cause to be brought Carts or proper Carriages into all the Streets or public Places as aforesaid where such Carriages can pass, and to give Notice in manner aforesaid to the Inhabitants of their coming, for the Pur-pofe of taking away such Duft, Dirt, Soil, Rubbifli, Filth, Cinders and Afhes, and to give the like Notice in every Place into which the said Carts and Carriages cannot pass, or to take away and remove all such Duft, Dirt, Soil, Rubbish, Filth or Cinders or Afhes from

S s 2	the

Firlt Offence. Second Offence. Subfequent Offence. Penalty.

If Penalty net paid,

Proceedings.

On the Negleft of Scavengers to remove Dull for Seven Davs, tne Dull may be removed by any other Person,

Hosted

on Notice to Scavenger.

Dirt not to be swept into any Common Sewer.

Penalty 5I.

Footways to be swept by Occupier daily during Froft and Snow.

Except Sunday.

Penalty.

the Houfes and Premifes of all and every the Inhabitants of such Streets or public Places* or from such Part or Parts of such Houfes or Premifes where such Daft, Dirt, Soil, Rubbish, Filth, Cinders and Allies shall be deposited, that then (after Twenty four Hours* Notice given to such Person or Persons so employed or appointed by or contracting with the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons for the Purpofes aforesaid, or left for him or them at his or their usual House or Houses, Yard or other Premises, requiring him or them to bring or cause to be brought Carts or Carriages to take away their Dull, Dirt, Filth, Cinders or Afhes, and to take away and remove the fame from their respective Houfes and Premises,} it shall and may be lawful for such of the Inhabitants of such of the said Streets or public Places, who shall have given such Notice as aforesaid, to give away or to fell their Duft, Dirt, Filth, Cinders or Afhes to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and that such Person or Persons who shall take and carry away the said Duft, Dirt* Filth, Cinders or Afhes, shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty or Penalties for so doing upon every such Negledt ; any thing in this Adt or in any local Adi or Adis of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Scavenger, Raker or Cleanfer, or any other Person, shall sweep, rake or place any of the Slop, Mud, Dirt, Duft, Rubbish, Afhes, Filth or Soil, found or being in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Dif-tridt within the Jurifdidlion of this Adt, or any other Slop, Mud* Dirt, Duft, Rubbifli, Afhes, Filth, Soil or other Articles or Things, over any Grate or Grates placed above or communicating with any common or public Drain or Sewer, or into any common or public Drain or Sewer ; and that any and every Scavenger, Raker or Cleanfer, or any other Person or Persons, who shall so offend, shall for every such Offence forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Five Pounds,, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Adi.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House, Tenement, Warehouse, Shop, Shed, Coach House,. Stable, Chapel, Meeting House or other public or private Building in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this Adi, during the Continuance of Froft* or after or during the Fall of Snow, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, shall once in every Day before the Hour of Tea of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, except Sunday, sweep. and cleanse, or cause to be swept and cleansed, the Footway all along the front Side or back Walls of their respective Houses, Tenements, Warehouses, Shops, Sheds, Coach Houses, Stables, Chapels, Meeting Houfes or other public or private Building ; and that every Occupier who shall neglect lb to do shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be levied and recovered and applied in such and the same manner in which other Penalties are by this Adi hereinafter directed to be recovered and applied ; and also that the Owner or Owners of any House or other Tenement within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, which may be let furnished, or in divided Apartments, shall be deemed and taken, for the Purpofe of this Provifton, to be

Hosted

629

A,D. 1817.	57°GEO. III.	C.xxix.

the Occupier or Occupiers of every such House or other Tenement respectively.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diflridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adt, at any time or times hereafter, beat or dull any Carpet or Carpets ; or shall drive any Carriage or Carriages, for the Purpofe of breaking, exercising or,trying Horfes ; or shall ride any Horse, Mare or Gelding for the Purpofe of exer-cising, airing, trying, shewing or exposing such Horse, Mare or Gelding for Sale, (otherwife than by palling through such Streets or other public Places) ; or shall throw, cast or lay^, or shall cause, permit or suffer to be thrown, call or laid, or to remain, any Afhes, Duft, Dirt, Rubbish, Offal, Dung, Soil, Blood or other Filth or Annoyance, or any matter or thing, in or upon the Carriageway or Footway Pavement of any such Street or other public Place in any parochial or other Diflridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi ; or shall kill, daugliter, scald, dress or cut up any Beafl, Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb or other Cattle, in or so near to any of the said Streets or other public Places, as that any Blood or Filth shall run or flow upon or over, or be on any or either of such Pavements ; or shall run, roll, drive, draw or place, or cause, permit or suffer to be run, rolied, driven, drawn or placed, upon any of the said Footway Pavements of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diflridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, any Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge or other Carriage, or any Wheel, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow or Truck, or any Hogfhead, Calk or Barrel; or shall wilfully ride, lead or drive any Horse, Afs, Mule or other Beafl uporTany of the Footway Pavements aforesaid ; then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Juflice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein any such parochial or other Diflridl may be situate, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to him made upon Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, to issue a Summons requiring such Offender or Offenders to appear before him, at such time and place as shall be in such Summons specified ; or it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, if he or they shall think proper, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, such Offender or Offenders by the Authority of this Adi, and by such Authority, and without any other Authority or Warrant whatsoever, to convey such Offender or Offenders before some Juflice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein any such parochial or other Diflridl may be situate ; and upon the Party or Parties appearing in pursuance of such Summons, or not appearing after having been so summoned, or being brought before such Juflice when so seized or otherwise, he the said Juflice shall proceed to examine upon Oath or Affirmation any Witnefs or Wit-neffes who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence ; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any or either of the Offences aforesaid upon his or their own Consession, or upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Person or Persons so convicted shall forfeit and pay a Sum not less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds for each and

S	s 3	every

Beating Carpets, breaking Horfes, driving Barrows, and Carriages on Pavement?, and throwing Filth, &c.

Proceedings.

Penalty,

'Hosted

C, xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Piling, See. Carriages, Stalls, Bailee:s. Wares and otaer Mar-ters herein mentioned on the Footway ,Nrc.;

Exceptions;

or placing Timber, Bricks, &c. Exception;

cr hanging out Meat, &c.;

or Garden PotSj See

Exception;

-Ja<-

/'■V

and not removing the fame on being required ;

every Offence ; and that One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, or to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend such Offender or Offenders ; and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treafurers of the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in the parochial or other Diftridl wherein any such Offence or Offences shall have been committed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons at any time or times hereafter shall fet or place, or cause or permit to be fet or placed by any Servant or Person employed by him, her or them, or other wife, any Stall Board, Chopping Block, Shew Board, on Hinges or otherwise, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Caffes or Goods of any Kind whatsoever ; or shall hoop, place, wash or cleanse, or cause to be hooped, washed or cleansed, any Pipe, Barrel, Caffe or Veffel, in or upon or over any Part of the Carriage or Footways in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or pother Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi ; or shall fet out, lay or place, or cause or procure, permit or suffer to be fet out, laid or placed, any Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage upon any of the said Carriage Ways, (except such Coaches, Chariots and Chairs as have been or shall be hereafter licensed by the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, Chariots and Chairs, and which stand for Hire according to the Statutes and Bye Laws made for those Purposes,) and also except for the necessary time of loading or unloading any Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage, or taking up or setting down any Fare, or waiting for Paffengers when actually hired, or harneffing or unharnefiing the Horfes from any Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage^ or if any Person or Persons shall fet or place, or cause to be fet or placed, in or upon or over any of the said Carriage or Footways, any Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime or other Materials or Things for building whatsoever, (unlefs the fame shall be inclosed, as in and by any local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or by this Adi, or some of them, may be directed,) or any other matters or things whatsoever; or shall hang out or expose, or cause or permit to be hung out or exposed, any Meat or Offal, or other matter or thing whatsoever, from any House or Houfes or other Buildings or Premifes belonging to or occupied by him, her or them, over any Part of either of such Pavements, or over any Area or Areas of any Houfes or other Buildings or Premises, or shall place or put out, or cause or permit to be placed or put out,

, any Garden or other Pots, (except the fame shall be perfectly secured from falling, to the Satisfadlion of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, or of their Surveyor of :he Pavements for the time being,) or any other matter or thing, from and on. the Outfide of the Front or any other Part of any House or Houses, or other Buildings or Premises, over or next unto any such Street ; or public Place ; and shall not immediately remove all or any such matters or things, being thereunto required by any Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or by any other Person or Persons employed or appointed by the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons hav-

Hosted

A.D.1817.

67° GEO. IIL

C. xxix.

631

ing the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diflridl ;

and whether the fame shall have been so fet or placed, exposed or put

out by himself, herself or themselves personally, or by any of his,

her or their Servants, or by any Person or Persons employed by

him, her or them, and (hail not continue and keep the fame fo

removed; or if any Person or Persons having, in pursuance of any or,havingre-

such Requifition or Requifitions as aforesaid, removed or caused movfd’ replacing

to be removed any such Stall Board, Shew Board, Chopping Block, tJle lame>&c*

Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Calks, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain,

Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck, Carriage, Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime, Meat, Offal, Garden Pots or other matters or things, shall at any time thereafter again fet, lay or place, expose or put out, or cause, procure, permit or suffer to be again fet, laid or placed, exposed or put out, the fame or any of them, or any other Stall Board, Shew Board, Chopping Block,

Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck, Timber,

Stones, Bricks, Lime, Meat, Offal, Garden Pots or other matters or things whatsoever, (fave and except as aforesaid,) in or upon or Exception, over any of the Carriage or Footways of or next unto any Streets or public Places within the fame parochial or other Diftri£l as aforesaid ; then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful Proceedings, to and for any Juflice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein the said parochial or other Diflri£t may be situate, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to him made by any One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, to issue a Summons requiring the Person or Persons accused of such Offence, or the Owner or Owners of the Goods, Materials, Meat, Offal, Garden Pots, matters or things, or of the Coaches, Carts, Waggons,

Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages which shall be so fet or placed, exposed or fet out, or the Mailer or Mailers of the Person or Persons, by whose Servants, or by the Person or Persons employed by whom, such Offence shall have been committed, to appear before him, or before any other Juflice of the Peace for the fame City, Borough or County, as shall be then or there present, at such time and Place as shall be in such Summons specified, and then and there to proceed to examine upon Oath or Affirmation any Witnefs or Witneffes who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching fuchOffence ; and if the Person or Persons so offending shall be convicted of any or either of the Offences aforesaid, upon his, her or their own Consession, or upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes as aforesaid, he, she or they who shall be so convicted, and the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Materials, Meat* Offal, Garden Pots, matters or things, or of the Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows,

Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages which shall be so fet or placed, exposed or fet out as aforesaid, and the Mailer or Maflers, Employer or Employers of the Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay for the Firfl Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for First Offence, the Second and every subsequent Offence any Sum not exceeding Subfeqnenc Five Pounds ; and that such refpe6live Penalties shall be paid to the Offence, Treasurer or Treafurers of the Commissioners, Truflees or other *>enalty‘ Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public

Ss 4	Places	^ /j

Hosted by

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

And Stalls, &c. may be seized.

Peiilliable Seizures, how disposed of.

Other Seizures, how disposed of.

If Goods (not perifhable) not claimed within Five Days, Proceedings.

A.D. 1817*

Places in the parochial or other Diftridl wherein any such Offence shall have been committed, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall direct and appoint ;^and also, that not only shall such Penalties become payable and to be recovered, but that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed by the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforesaid for that Purpose, without any Warrant or other Authority than this A61, to seize any such Stall Board, Shew Board, Chopping Block, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Casks, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage, together with the Horse or Horfes, Afs or A{fes7"Mule or Mules, if any shall be, thereunto belonging, with the Harnefs, Gear and Accoutrements thereof, or any such Timber or other Materials, or other matters or things aforesaid, or any of them ; and in case any of the Wares, Goods and Merchandizes so seized shall be perishable, or shall be Articles of Food, then the fame shall be immediately forfeited, and such Person ’or Persons who shall seize the fame shall deliver the fame or cause the fame to be delivered to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, or some of them, or to the Mafter of any Workhoufe situate in the said parochial or other District, or of the Parifh whereunto such DiftriA shall belong ; and the fame shall and may be given and distributed by him or them unto one or among any one or more of the poor Inhabitants of the said parochial or other Diftritfl, or of such Workhouse, to and for his or their Benefit ; but otherwise such Person or Persons shall cause the Stall Board, Basket, Cask, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage, Horse or Horfes, Affes or Mules, or any Materials and Things so seized, to be removed to any Place appointed for the Reception thereof in any such parochial or other Diflri<fl, if any such there be, and otherwise to such Place or Places as he or they shall judge convenient, giving parole or written Notice of such Place or Places whereunto the fame shall be removed, unto the Owner, Driver or other Person having any Intereft in the Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, SlecTge, Truck or other Carriage, Horfes, Affes, Mules, Materials or other things so seized or removed, if he, she or they shall be then and there present ; and the fame shall be there kept and detained until such Owner, Driver or other Person interested therein as aforesaid shall cause to be paid the said Penalty, together with the Charges for taking or removing the fame^Jand of keeping such Horse or Horfes, Affes or Mules, if any ; and in case the Goods, Carriage, Horfes, Materials or other things so removed (not being perishable or Articles of Food) shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges be paid, within Five Days next after such Removal thereof, then and in every such caie it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Truflees, or other Persons as aforesaid, or their Surveyor of the Pavements, or any other Person to be appointed by the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforesaid, to order the fame to be appraised and fold ; and the Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof, if he or they shall have given such Notice as aforeiaid, after deducting the said Penalty, and such Cofts, Charges and Expences attending such seizing, removing, keeping, appraifing

and

Hosted

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C* xxix.

6.13

and felling the fame, as the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforesaid, or any Surveyor of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diflridfc, shall ascertain and allow.

LXVI. And be it further enabled, That in all cases where by this AS. or by any local A61 or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this A61, it may be directed, required and provided, that any Person or Persons setting or placing any Stall Board, Chopping Block, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Pipe, Barrel, Calk or Veffel, Goods, Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime or any other materials, matters or things, or causing or procuring the fame or any of them to be fet or placed upon any of the Carriage or Foot Pavements or otherwise, contrary to the Regulations herein or in any such local AS or Adts contained, in any of the Streets or public Places within the Jurifdidlion of this AS, or that any Person or Persons driving or placing any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage in or upon or over any of the Foot Pavements in any Streets or Places within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or causing or procuring the fame to be so driven or placed, shall have Notice and be required to remove the fame previous to such Person or Persons being subject or liable to the Penalty or Penalties imposed by virtue of such local AS or Adis or of this AS, and to the Seizure, Forfeiture, Appropriation, Appraifement or Sale of any such Goods, Materials, matters and other things, Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages, in manner directed by such local AS or Adis or by this AS, then if any Person or Persons shall fet or place any Goods, Materials, matters or other things, or shall fet, place or drive any Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages upon or over the said Pavements, or any of them, or any Part thereof, at any time or times subsequent to his, her or their having received such Notice, or having been required to remove the fame, or any other Goods, Materials, matters or things, or any other Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages from off the said Pavements or any of them, or shall cause or permit the fame or any of them to be fet or placed or driven by his or their Servants, or by any Person or Persons employed by him or them ; in any and every such case it shall not be necessary or requisite that any Person or Persons, feeing such Offence or Offences committed again, should require the Removal of the said Goods, Materials, matters or things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages ; but the fame or any of them, being so again fet, placed or driven in, upon or over the said Pavements or any of them, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Diredlions of any such local Adi or ASs of Parliament, or of this Adi, shall and may be seized, forfeited, removed, applied, detained, appraised and fold, in manner herein provided as to any other Goods, Materials, matters or things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trunks or other Carriages, which shall not be removed on a Requifition or Notice being given so to do as hereinbefore provided; and the Person or Persons so committing the said Offence or Offences, and the Owner or Owners

Placing Nui-fances and Annoyances,

after Notice,

fresh Notice not necessary ;

but Goods, &c. may be seized, and Offenders liable.

Hosted

684-

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

ciog Styes and other NuifuiKes

not removed on Complaint,

Penalty id. and Com jr.il-fioners, &:c. may proceed by Indictment.

P’jinhlunenC.

of the Goods, Materials, matters or other things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages which shall be so placed or driven, and the Matter or Matters, Employer or Employers of the Person or Persons so offending, shall be subject and liable to the fame Penalty or Penalties, Forfeitures, Proceedings, Charges and Punifhments, as if such Per-fon or Persons offending had neglected or refused to remove the said Goods, Materials, matters or other things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages, when required so to do, under and by virtue of any local Ad or Ads of Parliament, or of this Ad ; and although the said Notices or Requiiitions shall not have been repeated or again given to the Person or Persons committing or directing or permitting such Offence or Offences, or any of them ; any thing in this Ad or in any local or other Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Hog Stye, Slaughter House, Horfe-boiling Eftabliihment, or any other matter which in the Judgment of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Dillrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, is a Nuifance to the other Inhabitants of such parochial or other Diftrid or any of them, at any time or times hereafter ttiali be in any of the Streets, Lancs or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the said Streets and public Places, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any Inhabitant, and after due Invefti-gation of such Complaint, by Notice in Writing under the Hand or Hands of any of their Surveyor or Surveyors, or of their Clerk or Clerks for the time being, to order that every or any such Hog Stye, NecefTary House, Slaughter House or other matter, being a Nuifance, shall be forthwith remedied or removed ; and if the fame shall not be remedied or removed within Seven Days after such Notice given to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Premifes wherein such Nuifance or Nuifances shall be situate, or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or on the said Premises, then every such Owner or Occupier so neglecting to remedy or remove such Nuifance. pursuant to such Notice, and to the Satisfadion of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Negled and Difobe-dience ; and also it may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons to indict or cause to be indided such Person or Persons so neglecting or disobeying any such Notice, at the then next or at any future General or Quarter Seffions or Adjourned Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other Diftrid may be lltuate, for such Nuifance, or for such Difobedience and Offence; and such Person or Persons being found guilty thereof, such Nuifance or Nuifances shall be removed, taken down and abated according to Law with regard to public or common Nuifances, or may be subject to such Punifhment for a Mifdemeanour, as the Justices affembled

12	at

Hosted

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

6 35

at a General, Quarter or Adjourned Seffions for the said City, Borough or County, may direCl.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever, at any time or times hereafter, shall breed, feed, or keep any kind or Species of Swine in any House, Building, Yard, Garden or other Hereditaments situate and being in or within Forty Yards of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other DiftriCl within the JurifdiClion of this A Cl, nor shall suffer any Kind or Species of Swine belonging to him or them to stray or go about in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other DiftriCl within the JurifdiClion of this Adi:; and that any Person or Persons who shall so offend shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and shall also forfeit the said Swine and every of them unto the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other DiftriCl ; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, Infpeftor or Infpedtors, or any other Officer or Person or Persons directed and appointed by them, and for any Con-ftables and Headboroughs, at all times hereafter all such Swine to seize, take, drive and carry away, and fell for the best Price that can be reasonably had ; and the Money thereby produced, after deducting all the Cofts and Charges of and incidental to such Seizure, Removal and Sale, to pay to the Treasurer or Treafurers of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall from time to time direCl and appoint.

LXIX. And be it further enaCled, That if any Person or Persons at any time or times hereafter shall fist, fereen or flack, or cause to be fisted, fereened or flacked, any Lime in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other DiftriCl within the JurifdiClion of this ACt, or shall cause the fame to be so done, without the Confent of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other DiftriCl, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, and without also previously ereCting an Hoard or Inclosure, with the Licence of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements in any such parochial or other DiftriCl firit obtained, as di reded in any local Aft or ACls of Parliament relating to any such parochial or other DiftriCl, or in this Aft, and which Hoard or Inclofure shall inclose all such Lime when and as it shall be fisted, fereened or flacked ; then he, she or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not being less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties are hereafter direCted to be recovered by virtue of this Aft.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or times hereafter the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any House, Building or Premifes in any parochial or other DiftriCl within the Jurifdiclion of this Aft, having any Iron or Wooden Rails or Bars over the Areas or Openings to any Kitchens or Cellars or other Part or Parts of his or their House, Building or Premises, beneath the Surface of the Foot Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other DiftriCl, or having

any

Swine not to be kept, nor to wander in the Streets.

Penalty 40s. and Swine forfeited.

Such Swine l'eized, bow dif-pofed of.

Slaeking, 8zc. Ume in the Streets without Confent of Com-miffioners, and ereCting In-closures, &c.

Penalty.

Entrances to Cellars and Coal Holes, Bars over Areas, See. to be covered and secured.

Hosted

Owner or Occu-|.:er leaving the 'ame open; 8cc.

Ev'ceptiot: ;

or. not repairing, Sec.

Penalty.

Commissioners, See. may cause such Coal Holes, Sec. to be secured.

Charges to be paid by the Owner or Occupier;

sad, if rot paid,

C.xxix.	57° Geo. III.	A.D.	181 f,

any Doorway or Entrance into the Bafement or Cellar Story thereof, shall not either keep the fame, or the Walls of such Kitchens or Celiars, in Efficient and good Repair, or safely and securely guard and constantly keep the fame securely guarded by a Rail or Rails, or cover the fame over with a strong Flap or Trap Door, according to the nature of the case, and to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other DiftriCt, or of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements in any such parochial or other Diftridt for the time being, or of any Infpedtors or other Officers or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons as. aforesaid, or some of them, and so as to prevent Danger to Persons passing and repassing ; or if any such Occupier or Occupiers do or shall leave open, or not Efficiently and substantially cover and keep' covered and secured, to such Satisfaction as aforesaid, any Coal or other Hole, Funnel, Trap Door or Cellar Flap, belonging to or connected with his, her or their respective Houses, Buildings or Pre-mifes (fave and except only during such reasonable time as any Coals, Wood, Callcs or other things shall be putting down or taking out of any such Vault or Bafement Story, or during such reasonable time as the Flap, Trap Door or Covering thereof shall be altering^ repairing or amending) ; or if such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall not repair, and from time to time keep in good and substantial Repair, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, Infpedtors or other Persons appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, all and every or any such Iron or Wooden Rails, Guard Rails, Flaps, Trap Doors and other Covering ; then and in every such case the Person or Persons negleCting so to do shall for every or any such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not being less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in such and the same manner in which other Penalties are hereafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this ACt ; and that in any or either of such cases of Negleet, it shall and may be also lawful to and for any Two or more of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, and without the Authority of any public or general Meeting, or for their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, or for their Infpedtors, or for any other Person by such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons appointed as aforesaid, to cause all and every such Doorways, Entrances, Holes and Funnels to be well and securely covered over and guarded, and all Iron or Wooden Rails, or Guard Rails, Flaps, Trap Doors or Coverings, to be well and substantially repaired or renewed by such Person or Persons as they shall think proper to employ, and with such Materials and in such manner as they or he may direct ; and that all the Cofts, Charges and Expences attending the fame be afeer-tained and certified by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, and shall be borne and paid by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Perform or Persons so neglecting to repair and make good the fame in manner aforesaid; and that if such Cofts, Charges and Expences shall not be so paid by such Person or Persons to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or to such other Person or Persons as he or they shall or may appoint to receive the fame, within Twenty four Hours after an Account

Hosted

A.D.1817.	57° GEO. III.	C.xxix*

count of the Cofts, Charges and Expences so ascertained and certified shall have been given to or left for such Person or Persons at or on such Houses, Buildings or Premises, then double the Amount of the Sum so certified shall become due and payable from such Person or Persons, over and above the other Penalties hereby imposed, and shall and may be recovered and levied in such and the same manner in which any other Penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered, or in which any Monies may be recovered from any Water or Gas Light Companies, or any other Persons, for or on account of any Cofbs and Charges of relaying any Pavements, by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or of this ACl.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or times hereafter any Person or Persons shall dig or make or cause to be dug or made any Hole, or leave or cause to be left any Hole before any vacant Ground, or before or behind or on the Side of any House or other Tenement or Building erected or being erected or about to be erected in and adjoining to any Street or public Place formed or to be formed or forming in any parochial or other Diftridl within the TurifdiClion of this Adt, for the Purpofes. of making any Vault or Vaults, or the Foundation or Foundations to such Houfes or other Buildings, or for any other Purpofe whatsoever, and shall not forthwith inclose the fame in a good and sufficient manner, to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or shall keep up or cause to be kept up and continued any such Inclofure for any time which shall be longer than shall be absolutely necessary in the Opinion of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, or shall not, when thereunto required by such Surveyor or Surveyors, or either of them, well and sufficiently fence or inclose any such Hole or Holes, or Area or Areas, or Space or ‘Spaces, opened or left open, and intended for an Area or Areas, Foundation or Foundations, or for any other Purpofe whatsoever, in the Front of or behind or on the fide of such vacant Ground, House or other Tenement or Building, in and adjoining to any such Street or public Place formed or to be formed or forming, within Six Hours after he or they shall be required so to do by the said Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavement, and in the manner and with such Materials as he or they shall direct, and to his or their Satisfaction, then and in every or any such case he or they so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, and for every such Refufal or NegleCl, any Sum not being less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this

Aft.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdi&ion of this ACl, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, from time to time and at all times hereafter, to regulate or remove, in such manner as he or they shall from, time to time judge proper, all Signs,

6oJ

double rue Amount certified to be pa’d above the Penalties.

Holes made for Vaults, to be ind.ofecL

Penalty.

Signs and other Encroachments and Projection? to be regulated by Commissioners, &c, of Pavements ;

Hosted

638

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

and Owner or Occupier to oltcr or remove the fame according to the Judgment of the Comtml-fioners, &c. on Notice.

Neglecting so to do,

Sign Irons, Sign Pofts and other Polls, Sheds, Penthouses, Spouts* Gutters, Steps, Stairs, Cellar Doors, Bow and other Windows projecting over any Part of either of the Footways or Carriage Ways of any of the laid Streets or public Places, Window Shutters, Stumps, Shades, Rails, Pales, Palifades* Porches, Bulks, Shew Glaffes and Shew Boards, Pools, CefTpools, Citterns and Refervoirs for Water, and all other or any fixed or moveable Projections, on Hinges or otherwise, from the Fronts or Sides of any House or Houfes or other Buildings, and now affixed or belonging to, or which shall be hereafter affixed or belonging to any House or Houfes or other Buildings in or abutting upon or contiguous to any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DiftriCt within the Jurisdiction of this ACt, or to the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of any such Houfes or other Buildings, and which in the Judgment of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, then do or may obttruCt the Circulation of Light and Air, or are inconvenient or incommodious to any PafTengers along the Carriage or Footways of any of the said Streets or public Places of or within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, or any Part thereof, or to any Inhabitants of such parochial or other DiftriCt * and that the fame, and all the Roofs, Cornices, Eaves and Penthoufes of or belonging to such Houfes or Buildings refpeCtively, and all Water Pipes or Trunks affixed or belonging or to be affixed or belonging to any such Houfes or other Buildings refpeCtively, ffiall from time to time and at all times be regulated* removed, placed and altered by the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of such Houfes or other Buildings refpeCtively, as in the Judgment of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, shall be necefiary or desirable for the public Convenience ; and that in case any Person or Persons owning or occupying any House or Houfes or other Buildings in or abutting upon or^contiguous to any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DiftriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, on being required by any Notice signed by any Three or more Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other DiftriCt within which the said House or Houfes or Buildings may be situate, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, given to or left for such Person or Persons, or any of them, in or at or upon the said House or Houfes or other Buildings or any of them, or at his or their usual or last known Place or Places of Abode, ffiall not from time to time and at all times immediately either entirely remove or alter, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other DiftriCt, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, any Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Pofts and other Pofts, Sheds, Penthouses, Spouts, Gutters, Steps, Stairs, Cellar Doors, Bow and other Windows, Window Shutters, Stumps, Shades, Sun Blinds, Awnings, Rails, Pales, Palifades, Porches, Bulks, Shew Glaftes and Shew Boards, Pools, CefTpools, Citterns and Refervoirs, or other Things then fattened or affixed, or belonging to or connected with any such House or Houfes or other Buildings, and all other fixed or moveable Projections.

1

Hosted

57° GEO, III.

C.xxiw

Go 9

jeCtions or things projecting from the Fronts or Sides of, or added or appendant or belonging to any House or Houfes or other Buildings, or to the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of any such House or Houfes or other Buildings, over any Footways or Carriageways of any Streets or public Places within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, or any Part, or any of them, and the Roofs, Cornices, Eaves and Penthouses, Waterpipes or Trunks, affixed or to be affixed, or belonging or to belong unto or connected with any of such Houfes or Buildings refpeCtively ; then and in every such case any and every such Person or Persons refusing or negleCting immediately so to do, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, ffiall for every such Offence, and upon every such Refufal or NegleCt, forfeit and pay a Sum not being less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Penalty. Pounds, and which may be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties are hereinafter direCted to be recovered by virtue of this ACt.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Slop, Soap Lees, fons at any time or times hereafter shall drive or cause to be driven &c. to be carried any Cart or other Carriage with any Soap Lees, Night Soil, Am- onJy m covered moniacal Liquor, Slop, Filth or Channel Mire or Dirt therein, Carls-through or in any of the Streets or other public Places in any parochial or other DiftriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, without such Cart or other Carriage having a proper Covering or Boards, called Flaffi Boards, to prevent the fame from flopping or spilling in any of the said Streets or other public Places ; or ffiall at any time or times hereafter drive or cause to be driven any Cart or other Carriage with any Soap Lees, Night Soil or Ammoniacal Liquor therein, through or in any of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DiftriCl within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, between the Hours of Six of the Clock in the Morning and Eight of the Clock Hours of driving in the Evening of any Day; or ffiall fill any such covered Cart or and manner of other Carriage, so as to turn over or call any Soap Lees, Night Soil, Ammoniacal Liquor, Slop, Mire or Channel Dirt or Filth, in or upon any of the said Streets or other public Places; it ffiall Offender seized. and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to seize and apprehend and to assist in seizing and apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this ACt, and without any other Warrant or Authority, to convey him or them before some Juftice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other DiftriCl ffiall be situate ; and which Juftice is hereby authorized and required to hear Evidence and determine upon such Offence ; and every Person so offending ffiall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be re- pena]tv coyered in the same manner as other Penalties are hereinafter direCted to be recovered by virtue of this ACt: Provided always, that in case the in whst calc Person or Persons so offending cannot be apprehended, then the Owner,&c. to Owner or Owners of such Cart or Carriage in which such Soap Pay*

Lees, Night Soil, Ammoniacal Liquor, Slop, Filth, Mire or Channel Dirt ffiall be put or placed, and also the Employer or Employers of the Person or Persons so offending, ffiall be liable to and shall forfeit and pay such Penalty as aforesaid, to be recovered as aforesaid.

LXXIV. And

Hosted

640

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817,

Hours of remov. ing Night Soil,

fiC.

Offender may be apprehended. Proceed iy.gs.

Offender may be committed to House of Correction.

Penalty 5I. on Owner, Sec. and Carts, &c. felzed. Proceedings thereon.

LXXIV. And be it further enabled, That if any Person or Persons at any time or times hereafter shall empty or begin to empty any Bog House or Bog Houses, or to take away any. Night Soil from any House or Houfes or Premifes within the Streets or other public Places in any parochial or other DiflriA within the Jurifdi&ion of this Ad, or shall come with Carts or Carriages for that Purpofe (fave and except between the Hours of Twelve of the Clock in the Night and Five of the Clock in the Morning from Lady Day to Michaelmas in every Year, and between Twelve of the Clock at Night and Six of the Clock in the Morning from Michaelmas to Lady Day in every Year) ; or if any Person or Persons shall put or caff or cause to be put or call out of any Cart or Tub or otherwise any Night Soil in. or near, any of the Streets or other public Places in any parochial or other Diltrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, it shall be lawful for any Constables, Headboroughs, Patrols, Beadles or Watchmen (and they are hereby strictly charged and required and directed so to do), or for any other Person or Persons whomfoyer, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Ad, to apprehend and carry any Person or Persons guilty of the said Offences, or either of them, to any Watch House of the parochial or other Diftrid wherein such Offence shall have been committed, or to any other Place of Confinement or Security, and from thence to convey him, her or them, as soon as conveniently may be, before some Juffice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other Diltrid shall be lituate, who (upon Oath or Affirmation made of such Offence or Offences as aforesaid) shall commit every such Offender or Offenders to the House of Corredion for the fame City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other Diltrid shall be lituate as aforesaid, for any time not exceeding Thirty Days, to be computed from the Day of Commitment ; and the Owner or Owners of any Carts, Carriages, Horfes or Bealts employed in and about emptying or removing such Night Soil, or coming for that Purpofe (fave and except within the Hours hereby allowed), or the Employer or Employers of any Person or Persons who shall so put or caff out any such Night Soil, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Offence ; and any Person or Persons may seize such Carts or Carriages or the Horfes or Bealls drawing the fame, with the Gears, Harnefs and Accoutrements, and remove or take such Carts or Carriages, Horfes or Bealls, to such Place in the said parochial or other Diltrid as may be appointed for such or similar Purposes, if any such there be, or otherwise to such Place or Places as the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements of such parochial or other Diftrid shall order and direct, there to be detained until the Owner or Owners, Employer or Employers, shall pay the said Penalty, together with all Colls, Charges and Expences incurred in and about or relating to the Seizure, removing and keeping the said Carts or Carriages or Horfes, or in any manner incidental thereto ; and in case the fame shall not be demanded, and the said Penalty and all such Colls, Charges and Expences, to be ascertained and determined by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements of the said parochial or other Dillrid for the time being, and within Five Days next after such Seizure, then it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors to order the fame to be appraised and fold, and the Money arifmg

therefrom

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C, xxix.

641

therefrom shall be applied in Payment of such Penalty and Cofts, Charges and Expences ; -and after deducting the fame, the Overplus, as so ascertained by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, may be paid to the Owner or Owners thereof, when he or they shall apply for the fame ; and also that One Moiety of such Penalty shall belong to and shall be paid to or among the Person or Persons giving Information of such Offences, or any of them, and apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and seizing, removing and detaining such Carts or Carriages, and Horfes or Beafls, as hereinbefore is authorized and directed.

LXXV. And be it further enabled, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall ere£t, place, fet up or build, in any Street or other public Place in any parochial or other DiftriCt within the Jurifdi&ion of this A6f, at any time or times hereafter, any Hoard or Scaffolding, or place or ere£t any Pods, Bars, Rails, Boards or other thing, by way of Inclosure, for the Purpofe of making Mortar or of depositing or fisting, screening or flacking any Brick, Stone, Lime, Sand or any other Materials for building or repairing any House or other Tenement or Erection, or for other Works, or for any other Purpose, without Leave or Licence first had and obtained under the Hand or Hands of the Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, who is and are hereby required to grant the fame forthwith for the Purpofe of making Mortar, and depositing or fisting, screening or flacking any Bricks, Stone, Lime, Sand'or any other Materials for building or repairing any House or other Tenement or Erection, specifying therein the Length of Time for which the fame when so eredied or fet up may be continued, and giving such other Directions refpeCting the fame as he or they may think necefTary, on being paid by every Person so applying for such Licence the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence ; and that if any Person or Persons shall erect, place, fet up or build, or cause or permit to be erected, placed, fet up or built any such Hoard or Scaffolding, or any Inclosure, Pods, Bars or Rails, or any other matter or thing for the Purpofes aforesaid, or for any other Purpose, without the Leave or Licence, signed as aforesaid, of the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements so had and obtained, or shall erect, fet up or build the fame, or cause or permit the fame to be fet up or eredied in any other manner, or to be continued for any longer time than shall be allowed or expressed in such Licence, then and in either of the said cases such Person or Persons or the Person or Persons by whom he or they shall or may be emploved, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that the fame shall have been and shall be fet up and continued ; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or for the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, to cause the fame to be pulled down and removed, and the fame and all the Materials thereof, and of every Part thereof, to be kept and detained until such Person or Persons shall and do pay to the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, or to the Person or Persons in whose Cuftody the fame shall be, all the Penalties incurred by such Person or Persons, together with the Charges of pulling down, removing and keeping thefame, to be ascertained and determined by the said Surveyor or 57 Geo. III.	T t	Surveyors;

Penalty, how disposed of.

Hoards to be erected, but not without .Licence of Surveyor.

What is to be specified in Licence.

Fee.

Erefting Hoard, &c. without Licence,

or unduly continuing,

Penalty.

Commissioners, See. may cause Hoard, See. to be removed.

Proceedings

thereon.

Hosted

642

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A, D. 1817-

CommilTioners may direct Streets to he dif-tinguished, and Honfes to be numbered ; Exception.

Obliterating, &c. Number, &c.

Penalty. Names and Numbers to be restored,

on Notice to Owner or Occupier.

Surveyors ; and in case the fame shall not be claimed, and the said Penalties and Charges aforesaid shall not be paid, within the Space of Five Days next after the pulling down and Removal thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or for their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, to order or cause the fame to be ap-praifed and fold ; and the Money arising therefrom, after deducting all the said Charges, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treafurers of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to such other Person or Persons as they from time to time shall or may direct or appoint.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidlion of this Adt, may order and direct all and every the Houfes and other Tenements or Buildings within all or any of the Streets and other public Places within their refpedfive parochial or other Diftridt (if no other public Body shall possess and have ex-ercifed such Power) to be numbered with Figures placed or painted upon or over the Doors thereof, or such other Part of the said Houses, Tenements or other Buildings respectively, as they the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or their Surveyor or Surveyors of the PavementsTor the time being, shall think proper; and may also order and diredf to be engraved, painted or otherwise described on a conspicuous Part of any House, Tenement or other Building, at or near the End or Corner of each Street and other public Place, the Name by which such respective Street and public Place is usually or properly called or known ; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, injure, obliterate or deface any such Number, Figure, Name or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be destroyed, injured, obliterated or defaced, and shall be convicted thereof by his or their own Con-session, or by the Oath or Affirmation of any One or more credible Witnefs or Witnestes, before any Juftice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other Diftridt shall be situate, and which Oath or Affirmation such Juftice is hereby empowered to administer, every such Person so offending for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and also, that when any Number, Figure, Name or Defcription shall be engraven, painted or otherwise described, placed or affixed as aforesaid on any House, Tenement or other Building within any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this Adi, and the fame or any Part thereof shall be destroyed, injured, obliterated or defaced, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any such House, Tenement or other Building where the Number, Figure, Name or other Defcription or any Part thereof shall have been so destroyed, injured, obliterated or defaced, upon Notice given to or left for him or them at such House, Tenement or Building, or at his or their last or most usual Place of Abode, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other Diftrids:, or by such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall appoint, shall cause the fame Number, Figure, Name or De«

feription

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

643

*

fcription to be in the fame or like manner engraven, painted or described, placed or affixed on such House, Tenement and other Building, within Three Days after such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, at his or their own Charges ; and in case he or they shall refuse or neglect so to do pursuant to such Notice, he or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not being less than Ten Shillings nor exceeding Twenty Shillings for each and every Day after the Expiration of the said Term of Three Days, after such Notice shall be given or left, during which he or they shall so refuse or neglect ; and that every such Penalty shall be recovered in the same manner as other Penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Aft.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Per-fons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other Diftrict within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, from time to time and at any time hereafter to cause all or any of the Streets and other public Places within their respective Jurifdiftion to be watered, and to be so watered either by any Person or Persons employed by them, or by any other Persons engaging to execute the fame by public Con-traft or private Agreement, for such Prices and for such time, and in such Manner and on such Terms, as they shall think proper and approve; and also may cause any Well or Wells to be dug or funk, and any Pump or Pumps to be made and erested, in such Places (not being a Vault, Cellar or other Building, under any of the said Streets or other public Places), ana also to cause any Pump or Pumps now (landing, or which shall hereafter be erected for the Purpofes of watering the fame, from time to time be removed, altered or repaired ; and may purchase and repair Carts and Horfes and Pipes and other Implements, and may employ any Carters, Workmen and Servants, and may rent or erect any Stables or other Buildings necessary for the Purpofe of keeping such Carts and Implements and Horfes, and may do or cause to be done all other matters and things which they may deem necessary for that Purpofe ; and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid out of the Monies received for and towards the paving and repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with, for or towards any other Objefts or Purposes, or out of any Monies to be raised and produced by the Rates or Affeffments hereinafter authorized to be made for that Purpofe ; and that it may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, at any Meeting or Meetings, from time to time in each and every Year, to make and sign such further and additional Rates or Affeffments upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, be in Poffeffion of or enjoy any Meffuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, Coach Houses, Stables, Celiars, Vaults, Houses, Shops, Warehoufes or other Buildings or Hereditaments whatsoever, within any such Street or public Place which shall be watered by virtue of this Aft, as may, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid present at such Meeting, be sufficient for defraying the Charges and Expences of sinking such Wells, and erecting and repairing such Pumps, and watering such Streets and public Places respectively, and all other Charges and

T t 2	Ex-

Penalty.

Streets may be watered by Direction of Commissioners, &c. of Pavements.

Wells and Pumps funk and erected, &c.

and Carters, &c, employed.

Expences of watering Streets may be defrayed by special Rates;

Hosted

61-1

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

t-i be \>aid to the Collector of the Paving Rates;

and accounted tor and enforced in the same manner as Paving Rates.

But Rates not to be made until Three Fourths of the Inhabitants of any Street request the lame to be watered.

Courts, Alleys, &c. may be Hopped up with the Approbation of Two or more Justices, and with the Content

Expences relating or incidental thereto ; so that in any one Year such further additional Rate or Afieflment shall not exceed the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound upon or according to the full Annual Rents or Value of such Hereditaments respectively ; and that every such Rate and Aflelfment shall specify the Period for which it is made, and shall be demanded and collected from the usual Quarter Day preceding the time of making and signing the fame ; and that all and every such Rates or Aflfelfments, if so made and signed, shall be paid, by the Person and Persons liable to the Payment thereof, to the Colledor or Collectors or other Person or Persons appointed or from time to time to be appointed to collect the Rates or AflTeflT-ments made or to be made for or towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other Diftrid, either exclusively or jointly with, for or towards any other Objeds or Purpofes ; and also, that all such Rates or Affeflments shall be recovered and levied of and from such Person or Persons, and shall be accounted for and paid over to such Person and Persons, in such and the like Form and Manner, with such Powers of Distress, and according to such Rules, Methods and Diredions, as are mentioned and appointed in and by this Ad, or by any local Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to such parochial or other Diftrid, relating to colleding, receiving, recovering, levying, accounting for and applying the several Rates and Aflefiments made and to be made for and towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavement of any Streets or public Places within such parochial or other Diftrid, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objeds or Purpofes as aforesaid.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, may not rate or aflfefs the Inhabitants or Occupiers of any Houses, Hereditaments or Premises, or other rateable Property within any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, with any such further or additional Rate or Aflelfment, unless a Majority of the Inhabitants or Occupiers of such Houses, Hereditaments and Premises, and other rateable Property (fuch Majority not being less than Three Fourths of such Inhabitants or Occupiers within such Streets or public Places), shall at the fame or at some previous time have signified and expressed their Wifh and Confent in Writing that such Street or public Place should be watered, and shall have signed their Names to such Writing, and delivered or caused the fame to be delivered to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or such other Persons as aforesaid, or to their Clerk or Clerks for the time being.

‘ LXXIX. And Whereas there are in certain parochial or other ‘ Diftrids within the Jurifdidion of this Ad certain Courts, Alleys ‘ and Places which, without Inconvenience to the Public, might be * difeontinued and (lopped up, and which, from their private and c confined Situation, and by being Harbours or Receptacles for c Filth and Rubbi/h, are noisome and offensive ;y Re it therefore further enacted, That if upon the View of any Two or more of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such Court, Alley or Place may be situate, it shall to them appear that any such Court, Alley or Place is become unnecessary, and may, without Inconvenience to the Public, or to the Owners of

Houfes

Hosted

5/° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

Houfes or Tenements adjoining thereto, be discontinued and flopped up, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Juitices, by and with the Confent of the Commifiioners or Truflees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in such parochial or other District, testified by Writing under the Hand of the Clerk or Clerks to such Commifiioners or Truflees, or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, and by and with the Confent of the Owner and Owners of the Houses, Lands or Tenements adjoining to Four Parts in Five in the Length of any such Court, Alley or Place, testified by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, at any Special Sellion to be holden for that Purpose, by Order under the Hands and Seals of such Juslices, to discontinue and flop up any and every such Court, Alley or Place ; and all such Courts, Alleys agd Places, or such Proportion thereof as may adjoin to the Houfes or Tenements of such Person who shall have so consented, shall be discontinued and ■flopped up accordingly, subject to Appeal, as hereinafter is mentioned : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to authorize the discontinuing or flopping up any Court, Alley or Place, or any Part or Parts thereof, whereby or in consequence whereof any House, Tenement or Land shall be so inclosed (unlefs with such Confent as aforesaid) that the Owner or Owners thereof shall be prevented from palling freely to and repafiing freely from such House, Tenement or Land.

LXXX. And be it further enabled, That for the Improvement of the Streets and public Places in the parochial or other Diflrifts within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, and for the public Advantage, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commifiioners or Truflees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other District, from time to time and at all times hereafter to alter, widen, turn or extend any of the Streets or other public Places within any such parochial or other Diflrift (except Turnpike Roads), and to lengthen and continue or open the fame from the Sides or Ends of any Streets or public Places within any parochial or other District, into any other Street or public Place within such or any other parochial or other District, and to raise, level, lower, drain, ballad, gravel or pave such new Part or Parts of any such Streets or public Places so altered, widened, extended, opened or lengthened as aforesaid ; and that if any Houses, Walls, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, shall be adjudged by the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to project into, obflruft or prevent them from so altering,, turning, widening, extending, lengthening, continuing or opening the said Streets or public Places within the said parochial or other District, and that the PofTeflion, Occupation and Purchafe of such Houses, Walk, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments will be necessary for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commifiioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforefaid', and they shall have full Power and Authority,, to treat, contraft and agree, or to employ any Person or Persons to treat, contraft and agree with the several Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all such Houses, Walls, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, of whatsoever Nature, Tenure, Kind or Quality, for the Purpofes aforesaid, and to pay for the fame such Sum and Sums of Money

T t 3	as

64 Fp

of the Owners

of contiguous Property, as herein mentioned ;

but not to be flopped without such Confent.

Streets may be ’ widened and improved by Com-mifTioners, Src.;

Exception;

who may pur-chafe Houses, dec. obftrufting

Hosted

646

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I817.

and Owners, <Scc. of Houses, &c. liable to Rates.

Corporate or Collegiate Bodies and incapacitated Persons enabled to fell for the Purpofes afore-fa id.

All such Contrasts,, See, good

as shall be agreed upon by the said Commifiioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforesaid, and the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, out of the Money to arise and be raised and to be received by them, either by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or of this Adi, and to puli down, use, fell or dispose of such Houses, Walls and Buildings, and the Materials thereof, and lay the Sites thereof, andalfo such other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or so much thereof as they the said Commifiioners orTruftees or other Persons as aforesaid shall think proper, into the said Streets or other public Places, and all such new Parts of such Streets or public Places ; and the Owners and Occupiers of Houfes and Buildings, Mefluages and other Hereditaments therein and adjoining thereto, shall be subject and liable to all the Rates, Affeffments, Powers, Provisions, Orders, Claufes and things to be made by virtue of or contained in any local Adi or Adts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or by virtue of or contained in this Adi, in the same manner as the present Streets and public Places included in any such local A61 or Adis, or within the Jurifdidtion of this Adi, and the Owners and Occupiers of Ploufes or Buildings and Mefluages or other Hereditaments therein and adjoining thereto.

LXXXI. And be~it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for- Life or in Tail, or others having a partial or qualified Interefl or Eftate in any Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Hufbands, Femes Covert, Guardians, Truflees and Feoffees in Truft for Charities or other Purposes, Committees, Executors or Adminiftrators, and all other Persons whom-soever, not only on behalf of themselves and their respective Heirs, Executors, Adminiltrators and Succeffors, but also on behalf of all Persons entitled in Reverfion or Remainder expedtant on an Eftate Tail, and on behalf of all Persons entitled in Reverfion or Remainder expedlant on an Eftate for Life, or other less Estate, or by way of executory Devise, in case such Persons shall be incapacitated or decline to treat, and on behalf of their respective Wives and Cefluique Trulls, whether Infants, Iffue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or others, and for all and every other Person or Persons whom-foever who are and shall be seized, possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Commifiioners or Truflees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this A<ft as aforesaid, for the absolute Sale thereof, and to fell and convey to the said Commifiioners or Truflees, or other Persons as aforesaid, by Feoffment, Leafe and Release, or Bargain and Sale, by Deed indented and inrolled in any of His M'ajefty’s Courts of Record at Wcjlminjler, for such valuable Confideration as shall be bund Jide agreed upon for such Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as shall be adjudged necessary and convenient for the Purpofes aforesaid ; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales or Conveyances which shall be bond Jide made for the Pyrpofe aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes ; any thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or

Bodies

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

Cxxix.

647

Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Per-fons seized or possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by reason of Abfence or Dif-ability cannot agree with the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurif-di&ion of this A&, or with any Person or Persons authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Eftates and Interefts therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premifes they are in Poffeflion of, or to the Intercft they claim therein, to the Satisfadfion of the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of the Person or Persons so authorized by them, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff or Sheriffs or Bailiff or other proper Officer of the City, Borough or County wherein the Premifes shall respectively lie or be, who is hereby authorized, directed and required accordingly to impannel, summon and return a competent Number of substantial and difinter-efted Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Forty eight nor more than Seventy two ; and out of such Persons so to be im-pannelied, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some indifferent Person to be by the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid appointed, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Iffues joined in His Majefty’s Courts at Wejhninjler are by an A61 made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are directed to be drawn ; which Persons so to be impannelied, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein the Premifes shall he or be, at some Court of General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden in and for the fame City, Borough or County, or at some Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of General or Quarter Seffions from Day to Day until discharged by the said Court ; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered, by Precept or Precepts, from time to time as Occafion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witnefs or Witneffes on his, her or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Justices, if they think fit, shall and may, on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places or Premifes in question in such manner as they shall direct ; and the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn such Court from Day to Day as Occafion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witneffes and Parties to attend until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded ; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Person or Per-

T t 4	fons

When Parties refuse or are unable to treat, ike. a Precept to be ifTued for impannelling a Jury,

who are to he drawn as 3 G. 2. c. 25. direris.

Jury to attend,

&c.;

may be challenged.

Justices, on the Aplication of either Party, may direct a View of the Premifes.

Jury to aflelsthe Value on Oath.

Hosted

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

64 S

Verdict of the Jury, &c. to be final, previous Notice being given to the Parties interested.

If the Sura afTefT-ed shall not exceed the Sum offered,

the Cods c-f fucli AflefTment, &c. to be paid by such Body Politic,&c.

foils as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall inquire of the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the refpeCtive Eftates and Interefts of all and every Person and Persons seized or pofTeffed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for the Pur-chafe of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of such refpeCtive Eftates and Interefts therein, and also for Good Will, Improvements or any Injury or Damage what-foever that may affeCt any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leafeholders or Tenants at Will, provided that such Good Will shall be estimated by what, in the Opinion of such Jury, the fame would have been worth in case the Improvements intended by this ACt had not been in Contemplation ; and the said Justices shall and may give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be afTeffed ; which Verdict or VerdiCts, and the Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon, (Notice in AVriting being given to the Person or Persons interested or claiming so to be, at least Fourteen Days before the Time of the Meeting of the said Justices as aforesaid and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person and Persons, or at his, her or their last usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premifes refpeCtively intended to be valued,) shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever against all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all and every Person and Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Ufe or Intereft in, to or out of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments and Premises, in Pofsession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants and Iffue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Difability, as all other Ceftuique Trusts, their, his and her Heirs, Succeffors, Executors and Adminiftrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever ; and the said VerdiCts, Judgments and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries so to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the City, Borough or County wherein the Premifes shall refpeCtively lie or be ; and in case it shall so happen that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be afTeffed and awarded in consequence of such Refufal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or as such proportional Value as aforesaid, and as the Re-compence and Satisfaction to be made for the Injury or Damage sustained as before mentioned refpeCtively, shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall have previously offered to pay as and for such Value, Re-compence and Satisfaction ; then and in every such case all the reasonable Cofts, Charges and Expences of causing and procuring such Value and Recompence to be afTeffed and awarded as aforesaid, and also aflefling and awarding the fame, shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Per-

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.xxix.

64V

son or Persons so seized or possessed of or interested in such Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and so refusing to

treat and agree as before mentioned refpe&iveJy ; and the said and the Commit-

Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, are hereby fioners.&c.may

authorized and empowered to dedudl and retain the said Cofts, retilin the fame*

Charges and Expences out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to

be aifeifed or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof :

Provided always, that in all cases where any Person or Persons Proviio for Ab-/hall by reason of Abfence have been prevented from treating fentees as to about such Recompence or Satisfadlion as aforesaid, such Coils Cofts, <?<c. and Charges shall be borne and paid by the said CommiiTioners or Truitees, or other Persons as aforesaid, in manner aforesaid.

LXXXIII. And be it further enabled, That the said Juilices Jufticesem-fhall have Power from time to time to impose any reasonable Fine, powered toim-not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, on such Sheriff or Bailiss, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, an^wh^/Tes^ making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who for n0„ Attend-fhall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, and ance. shall not appear, without sufficient Excuse, or appearing shall re-fufe to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their Verdidl ; and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or attending /hall refuse to be sworn, or to affirm, or who /hall refuse to give his, her or their Evidence, and on any Person or Persons who /hall in any other manner wilfully neglect his, her or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adi ; and from Fine levied by time to time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Diftrefs. -Juilices, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Diftrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners ; and that a Copy of the Order of the said Justices, signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the City, Borough or County wherein the Premifes shall lie or be, as the case shall require, shall respectively be sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every other Person acting or aiding and afiifting therein, to make such Diftrefs and Sale ; and all such Fines shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treafurers of the Commissioners or Trullees, or other Persons as aforesaid having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other Diftridt wherein such Premifes /hall lie or be, or to such other Person or Persons as they may refpedfively from time to time appoint.

LXXX1V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall Application of be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Buildings, Tene- Compenfation merits or Hereditaments, or for any other matter, Right or Interell,	*^unt~

<of what nature or kind soever, purchased, taken or used by virtue mS t0 * of the Powers of this Adi for the Purpofe thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or Person or Persons under any other Difability or Incapacity, fuch-Money shall, in case the fame /hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Cornmiffioners or Trullees, or other Persons having the Control

Hosted

650

C. xxix.

57° GEO. Ill#

A.D.1817.

\

Application where the Com-penl'ation less than 2ocl. and exceeding 2ol

of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in the parochial or other Diftri&s within the Jurifdi&ion of this A6t, wherein such Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be or lie as aforesaid, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, by Writing signed by them, shall direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purposes; or where: such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchafe of other Meffuages, Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon such and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Meffuages, Lands, Buildings, Tenements' and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood fettled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effedl; and in the meantime and until such Purchafe shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpofes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchafe or Settlement were made.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any other matter, Right or Interest, of what nature or kind soever, purchased, taken or used for the Purpofes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Difability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of

the

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

t>51

the High Court of Chancety, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed ; or otherwise the fame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LXXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall be applied to the Ufe of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premifes so purchased, taken or used for the Purpofes of this A61, in such manner as the said Commifiioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, shall think fit ; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled refpe£tively.

LXXXVI I. And be it further enabled, That upon Payment of any Sum or Sums so agreed or awarded to the Party or Parties to whom the fame shall be so awarded, or upon the Depofit of the fame in the Bank of England in manner by this A£t directed (as the case may be), the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in refpetft whereof the fame fiiall have been so paid or deposited as aforesaid, shall vest in the Commifiioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, in manner and for the Purpofes aforesaid, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Poflefiion thereof to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That \Vhere any Queftion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this A<ft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this A61, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Poflefiion of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Bur-chase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Poflefiion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Poflefiion, until the contrary shall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made

appear

Application where the Money is less than sol.

On Payment of the Purchafe Money Premifes to vest in Corn* milfioners,

How far, where any Queftion shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Poflefiion of the Lands, 8cc. at the time of such Purchase, shall, be deemed entitled thereto, according to such Poflefiion.

Hosted

G52

C.xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1S17.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchafes to be paid by the Com-miffioners, 8zc.

Tenants at Will, 8c c. to deliver PofTeffion on Six Months' Notice.

Where Tenant obliged to quit before Expiration of Term, Commifiioners, &c. to make Compenfation, which may be ascertained by a Jury.

Refuting to give up PofTeffion,

Proceedings.

appear to the said Court that such Pofleflion was a wrongful Pof-fefilon, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Eftate or Intereft therein.

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enabled, That where by reason of any Difability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased, orpurchafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in pur-fuance of this Aft, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Aft, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purpofes as the said Court shall direct.

XC. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will or Lefiee for a Year, or any other Person or Persons in Pofleflion of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue and for the Purpofes of this Aft, and who shall have no greater Intereft in the Premifes than as Tenant at Will or Lefiee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Pofleflion of such Premifes to the said Commifiioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in the parochial or other Divifion within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, wherein such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall appoint to take Pofleflion of the fame, upon having Six Calendar Months’ Notice to quit such Pofleflion from the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or from the Person or Persons so authorized by them ; and such Person or Persons in Pofleflion shall at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with reference to the time or times of such Tenants holding or not, or so soon as he, she or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Pofleflion of the said Premifes to the said Commifiioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, or the Person or Persons authorized by the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to take Pofleflion thereof; and in case any such Tenant should be compelled to quit before the Expiration of his or her Term in any such Premises, then and in such case the said Commifiioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to make Satisfaftion and Compenfation for the Lofs or Damage which he or she shall or may sustain thereby ; and in case any Difference or Difpute shall arise as to the Amount of such Satisfaftion or Compenfation, the fame shall or maybe determined, fettled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like manner as the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, is herein directed to be determined, fettled and ascertained; and that in case any such Person or Persons so in Pofleflion as aforesaid shall refuse to give such Pofleflion as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

653

the said Commissioners or Truflees, or other Persons as aforesaid, to issue their Preceptor Precepts to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, or Bailiss, or other proper Officer of the City, Borough or County wherein fucli parochial or other Diftridt shall be situate, to deliver Poffeffion of the said Premifes to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the fame ; and the said Sheriff or Sheriffs or Bailiss, and every other proper Officer, is hereby authorized and required to deliver such Poffeffion accordingly of the said Premises, and to levy such Colls as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refufmg to give Poffeflion as aforesaid, by Diflrefs and Sale of his, her or their Goods.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, not being in Poffeflion thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the Principal Money and Interefl due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months’ Interefl on the said Principal, by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Street?, or public Places in such parochial or other Diflridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, wherein the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall lie or be as aforesaid, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign and transfer such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint ; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interefl which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, that then at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interefl so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Interefl in the Premifes to the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trull for them ; and in case the Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interefl on every such Mortgage Hi all from thenceforth cease and determine.

XCII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in case the Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interefl due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises, to be ascertained as directed by this A61, then the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforesaid shall not be liable to pay to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than such real Value of such Premises, so ascertained as aforesaid.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any such Eftate or Interefl of any Feme Covert to the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, or any Five or more of them, or any Person or Persons in Trull for them, by Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Covert in the Prefence of and attested by Two

credible

Colts.

Mortgagees not in Poflefiion, on Tender of Principal and Interest, and Six Months" Interest:, to convey to Commissioners,

or on Six Months’ Notice;

on Refufal, Tn-tereft on Mortgage to ceale.

Mortgagees not to be paid more than the real Value of Premifes.

Bargains and Sales to have the Force of Fines and Recoveries.

Hosted

654

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Upon Payment of Principal and Intereft on Mortgage into the Bank, Premifes to vest in the Commissioners, &c.

credible Witneffes, and duly acknowledged, and to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Eftate and Intereft of such Feme Covert in the Premifes as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do, if levied or suffered thereof in due Form of Law ; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, by virtue and for the Purpofes of this ACt, and enrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, EffeCt and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seized of or entitled to any Eftate or Intereft in the Premifes in Truft for such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any manner or Form whatsoever.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Principal Money and Intereft due on any Mortgage as aforesaid into the Bank of England, at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Ufe of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like manner as is hereinbefore direCted in cases of other Payments into the Bank ; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interect, Ufe, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person or Persons in Truft for him, her or them, shall vest in the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and they shall be deemed to be in the aClual Poffeffion of the Premifes comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, or other Confideration, Recompence or Satisfaction, to be paid or made pursuant to any such Agreement or VerdiCt as aforesaid, or in Difcharge of any such Mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to the fame, or paid into the Bank of Eng-land as aforesaid, before the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall proceed to pull down any House or Houses, or other Ere&ions or Buildings comprised in or affeCted by such Agreement, VerdiCt or Mortgage respectively, or to use the Ground for any of the Put-pofes before mentioned in this ACL

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, from time to time absolutely to fell and dispose of all or any of the Freehold or Leafehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Hereditaments and Premifes which shall hereafter be conveyed to them in pursuance of this A Cl or otherwise ; provided the said Freehold or Leafehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Hereditaments and Premifes so purchased are first offered for Sale to the respective Person or Persons of or from whom the Premifes respectively were purchased by or on behalf of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as Such Person not aforesaid ; and if such Person or Persons respectively shall not then agreeing to pur- and thereupon agree (except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof as hereinafter mentioned) or shall refuse (except with

13	refpeCI

Monies to be paid or tendered before any Ufe made of the Premifes.

Eftates conveyed to Com mi lli oners may be fold by them, the Persons of whom they were bought having the first Offer.

chase, (Exception)

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C, xxix.

G 55

refpedt to and on account of the Price thereof) to purchase the fame respectively, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn before a Matter in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other Diftrift .shall be situate (who are hereby respectively empowered and directed to take the fame), by some Person or Per-fons uninteretted in the said Freehold or Leafehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Hereditaments or Premises, Hating that such Offer was made by or on the behalf of the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered ; and that any such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made, as the case may be; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of repurchafing the fame, and he, she or they and the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in the manner hereinbefore directed with refpe<ft to the disputed Value of Premifes to be purchased by the said Commif-fioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid in pursuance of this A6t; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Differences shall be borne and paid in like manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to such Purchafe made by the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid (mutatis mutandis) ; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Com-miffioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, of such Freehold or Leafehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises, shall be applied by the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to the Purpofes of the local A& or A&s of Parliament relating to the parochial or other Divifion over the Pavements whereof they shall possess a Control, or to the Purpofes of this A£t; but the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Mifapplication or Nonapplication of the Money paid by him or them for such Freehold or Leafehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Hereditaments and Premifes.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful from time to time and at all times hereafter to and for the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other Diftridl within the JuriL diction of this A6t, or such Number of them as under or by virtue of their particular local A& or Acts of Parliament or of this A£t shall be competent to aft, to borrow and take up at Interect, on the Credit of the Rates and Affeffments to be made by virtue of such local A6t or Afls of Parliament or by virtue of this A&, any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the Expence of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within such refpeflive parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or towards any other Objeft or Purposes, which they shall from time to time deem necessary, exclusive of and in addition to any other Sum which the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid have been or may at the passing of this Adf be empowered to borrow and take up at Intereft under an<J by virtue of any local A<5i

or

Proceedings,

In what case Price ascertained by a Jury.

Money arising from Sales by Commifiioners, how applied.

Power to Corn-mifiioners, &c. to borrow Money;

Hosted

656

and may affig-n the Rates and AHe Aments js a Security.

Form of Alignment or Debenture.

Per tons taking such Alignments entitled to their Proportion of Rates.

How Money borrowed applied.

Commissioners, 3cc. empowered to grant Bonds to their Treasurer or Clerk.

C.xxix.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1817.

or Adis of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, to be applied for and towards the Charges and Expences which have been or may be hereafter incurred for or towards the better paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in such parochial or other District, and for the Purpofes* of this Adi ; and the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid are hereby fully authorized and empowered to assign over the said Rates and AfTeflments, or any Part thereof (and the Cofts and Charges of assigning the fame being paid out of the said Rates and Afleffinent), as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed with Interect, to such Person or Persons or their Truftee or Trustees, as shall advance the fame, on Parchment, under the Hands of Five of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, by the following Words of Affignment, or by any other Words to the fame EfFedt:

*	virtue	of	certain	Powers	and	Authorities	veiled	in	us in and

*	by a certain Adi or certain Adis of Parliament, We, the

*	undersigned, Five \here insert the Name or Title by which the Per-‘ fans having the Control of the Pavements are correctly defignated]

4 in consideration of the Sum of	of

*	lawful Money of Great Britain to us in hand paid by A. Bdo 6 assign unto the said A. B. his, her or their Executors, Admi-1 niftrators and Afsigns, or SuccelTors and Afsigns, fas the case may 4 be,'] all and singular .the Rates and AlTeffments to be raised, levied 6 and collected in the said [parochial or other District, as the case 6 may be,] made and to be made for or towards the paving or repair-4 ing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within fuch

*	[parochial or other District, as the case may be,] either exclusively

4 or jointly with or for or towards any other Objedls or Purpofes \_as c the case may also be,] and all the Estate, Right, Title and Intereft c of the said [Commiffioners or Trustees or other Persons, as the 6 case may be,] and of their SuccelTors, of, in and unto the fame, to < hold unto the faid	his, her or their Executors,

4 Adminiftrators and Affigns [or SuccelTors and Affigns], until the 4 Sum of	together with Intereft for

c the fame after the Rate of	per	Centum per

4 Annum, shall be repaid. Witnefs our Hands.’

And all and every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, to whom such Appointment or Affignment shall be made, shall be equally entitled to their Proportion of the said Rates and AfTeflments, according to the respective Sums in such Affignment mentioned to be advaneed, to secure the Repayment thereof with Intereft as aforesaid, without any Preference by reason of Priority of Affignment, or on any other Account whatever ; and the Money so borrowed as aforesaid shall be applied in and about the Purpofes aforesaid, and for the Purpofes of this Aft, and in carrying the fame, and the several Provilions, Powers and Authorities herejin and therein contained, into full Execution.

XCVIII. And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, from time to time and at all times hereafter, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, to grant unto their respective Treasurer or Treafurers, or Clerk or

Clerks

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

657

Clerks for the time being, any Bond or Bonds under the Hands of them the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or any Five or more of them, for the Sum of One hundred Pounds on each Bond, with Intereft for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Credit of the said Rates or AfTeffments ; and that it shall and may be lawful from Treasurer em-time to time to and for such Treasurer or Treafurers, or Clerk or Clerks for the time being, by and with the Direction of the said ^Cbjic Au&ion. Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, from time to time to make Sale and dispose at public Auction of all and every or any such Bond or Bonds so to be granted as aforesaid, unto any Person or Persons, for the best Price or Prices in Money that can be reasonably had or obtained for the fame ; and that all Monies which Monies arising shall be from time to time received by any such Treasurer or Clerk from Sale, how for the time being from such Sale or Sales as aforesaid (after deduct- t0 be aPP1,ed-ing thereout all Cofts, Charges and Expences attendant thereon,) shall be applied by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to and for the Purpofes aforesaid and of this A£t, pursuant to the Provifions in that behalf herein contained.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Security trans-Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate ferable by or Sole, to whom such Affignment or Affignments shall be made as Endortemeut. aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from time to time personally, or by Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized, assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title,

Intereft or Benefit to the said Principal and Intereft Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, whatsoever, by endorfing on the Back of such Security, before One credible Witnefs, who shall fub-fcribe his Name thereto, the following Words, or Words to the like Efsect; ( videlicet,)

‘ J DO transfer this Affignment, with all my Right and Title to the

Form of En-

<	Principal Money thereby secured, and to all the Intereft Money dorlement.

*	now due or hereafter to be due, unto C. Zb, his, her or their Exe-

*	cutors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Affigns. Dated this

<	Day of

< A. B.>

« Witnefs, E, ZV

Which Transfer shall within Fourteen Days from the Date thereof Transfer notified be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Com- to Clerk of miffioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time Commissioners, being, who shall enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept &0, and entered* for that Purpofe ; and after such Entry made, but not till then, every such Affignment shall entitle any such Affignee or Affignees, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Afsigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon ; and such Affignee _ or Affignees may assign the fame again, and so toties quoties ; and that such Clerk or Clerks shall be entitled to receive the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more for the Entry of every such Affignment of every such Bond or Security; and it shall not be in the Power of any such Person or Persons who shall have made any such Affignment, to make void, release or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof: Provided nevertheless, that the Commissioners 57 Geo. III.	Uu	faid

Hosted

658

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181

may pay off such Bonds, &c.

on Notice.

Intereft on Monies borrowed to be paid half Yearly.

Money may be borrowed on Annuities.

Annuities chargeable on the Rates.

said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid may at all times pay off and discharge all such Bonds or Alignments or any Part or Parts thereof, and also any Monies due on Securities given and granted under and by virtue of any particular local A6t or A6fs of Parliament relating to the Pavement of their respective parochial or other Diftridts, either exclusively or jointly with respect to any other Obje£ts or Purposes, when and as they shall think proper, upon giving Notice to such Person or Persons entitled to the fame, or his or their Affignee or Aflignees, and upon giving Two Calendar Months’ public Notice thereof in The London Gazette, and One more public Newfpaper ; and at the Expiration of the said Two Calendar Months after such Notice all Intereft shall cease to be paid on the said Principal Monies to be secured by such Bonds or Afiignments under this A6t, or by any Securities granted under and by virtue of any such local A£t or A&s of Parliament.

C. And be it further enacted, That the Intereft of the Money which shall be borrowed on such Bonds or Mortgages or Alignments as aforesaid, from the time the said Money shall be advaneed, shall be paid half Yearly by the respective Treasurer or Treafurers, or other Person or Persons deputed for that Purpofe by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons borrowing the fame Monies, or by their Succeffors for the time being.

6 Cl. And Whereas many Persons may prefer to advance such « Money as may be necefiary for the Purpofes aforesaid for the Pur-* chafe of Annuities, to be secured upon and payable out of the 4 said Rates and AflelfmentsBe it therefore further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful from time to time and at all times hereafter to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to their respective Treasurer or Trea-furers for the time being, or to such Person or Persons as they may appoint, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofes aforesaid, or of this A<5t, for the absolute Purchafe of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Person or Persons, being of the Age of Thirty live Years and upwards, as shall be nominated by or on the behalf of such respective Contributors or Purchafers at the time of the Payment of their respective Purchafe Monies ; all which Annuities so to be purchased shall be payable and paid by the said respective Treasurer or Treafurers, or other Person or Persons deputed for that Purpofe by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates and Aflelfments, by half Yearly Payments, the lirft Payment to be made to the respective Contributors or Purchafers, or their Afligns, at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Payment of their respective Purchafe Monies, the Rate whereof shall be fettled and adjusted by a public Sale of the said Annuities, by the said Commissioners or tTruftees or other Persons as aforesaid, to the belt Bidder for the fame, or shall be such as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall think rea-fonable, and at any General Meeting shall approve.

CII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased under or by virtue of this A6f shall be and are hereby charged upon and shall be paid and payable from

time

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

659

time to time out of the Monies arising by the said Rates and Affefiments to be made as aforesaid, and all and every the Contributors or Purchafers duly paying the Confideration or Purchafe Money at the Rate aforesaid for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her or their respective Executors, Adminiftrators or Afiigns, shall have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the said Rates or AfTefTments by this A6f appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the natural Life or Lives of the Person or Persons to be nominated by each of such Purchafers as before mentioned ; and that all and every such Purchafer and Purchafers, and their Executors, Adminiftrators or Afiigns, shall have good, sure, absolute and indefeasible Eftates and Interefts in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her or them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true meaning of this A<ft.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity and Annuities to be purchased and secured under and by virtue of this Adt shall be so granted by a Writing on Parchment, and shall be signed by Five of the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and shall be in the Words or to the Effect following ; (that is to fay,)

*	T/V/dE, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, being Five of the F°rm of Gr3nt

*	[here insert the Name or Title by which the Persons having ° Annul1^

<	the Control of the Pavements are correctly defignated] in con-

<	ft deration of the Sum of	of	lawful

<- Money of Great Britain, to us in hand paid by A. B*, do hereby

<	grant unto the said A. B. an Annuity or Yearly Sum of

<;	to be paid out of the Rates or

^ AfTefTments to be raised, levied and collected in the said [paro-

<	chial or other District, as the case may be,] made and to be made

<	for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets

<	or public Places within such [parochial or other Diftritft, as the € case may be,] either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards

<	any other Obje&s or Purpofes ['as the case may be] ; and which c Annuity or yearly Sum of

« shall be paid to the said A. B, or his or her Afiigns, during the

<	Term of his or her natural Life [or, as the case may be,] to the

*	faid A* Br, his Executors, Adminiftrators and Afiigns, upon

e the	Day	of	and	the

«	Day	of	in	every	Year,

f by equal Half Yearly Payments, and up to the Day of the Death

*	of the said A. B. [or, as the case may be] : In Witnefs whereof,

<	we the said [Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons, as the

<	cafe may be] have hereunto fet our Hands the

tf	Day	of	in	the	Year	of	our

e Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And also that all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Form of Trans-Annuity or Annuities shall be so granted and secured as aforesaid, far of Grant of and his, her and their Executors, Adminiftrators and Afiigns, shall nnu,ty* and may, by Endorfement on his, her or their respective Securities, afiign or transfer his, her or their Right and Intereft to and in the Annuities thereby respectively secured, in the Words or to the Effed following ; (that is to fay,)

U u 2	I	DO

Hosted

660

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

T raiisfer notified to Clerk of Comrniffioners, and entered.

Annuities to be granted only at Public Meeting

No Annuity to be paid or recoverable unless a proper Certificate of Life of Ceftuiijue Vie be produced.

Enrolment of Memorial not necetfary.

‘ T DO hereby assign and transfer the within-written Security,

‘ and the Annuities [or Annuity] thereby granted or secured,

*	unto	Executors, Adminiftrators or Afsigns,

6 [as the case may be~] : Witnefs my Hand this

‘ Day of	in	the Year of our Lord One

*	thoufand eight hundred and	.*

Which Transfer shall, within Fourteen Days after the Date thereof, be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Com-miffioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, who shall enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be entitled to receive for every such Entry the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more ; and that after such Entry made, but not till then, every such Afifgnment shall entitle any such Affignee or Affignees, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators, SuccefTors and Alsigns, to the Benefit thereof and to Payment thereon.

CIV. Provided always, That no Monies shall be obtained by any such Sale of Annuities, unless at or until after a Public Meeting of the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, to be held for that Purpose, whereof Seven Days’ Notice shall be given in Two or more public Newfpapers printed and published within the Cities of London or Westminster.

CV. And be it further enacted, That no Annuity or Annuities to be granted and secured under this A£t shall be paid and recoverable, unless upon the Demand of each half Yearly Payment thereof the Person for whose Life the fame shall have been so •granted and secured shall personally appear before the respective Treasurer or Treafurers or Clerk or Clerks to the said Commif-fioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or before some Person whom they shall depute for that Purpose, nor unless the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Annuity or Annuities shall then produce or cause to be produced the original Security or Securities for the fame; or in case of his or her Nonappearance, the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Annuity, or his, her or their Attorney or Attornies duly authorized to receive the fame, shall produce such Security or Securities and a Certificate to the said Treasurer or Treafurers, or Clerk or Clerks, or other Person as aforesaid, of the Life of such Ceftuique Vie, signed by the officiating Minifter of the Parifh wherein he, she or they shall be residing, upon the Day when such Annuity became due, or such other Evidence as shall be satisfactory to the said Treasurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Person as aforesaid, of the Exiftence of such Ceftuique Vie, upon the Day when the said Annuity became due, if such Ceftuique Vie shall be then in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and in case such Ceftuique Vie shall not be within the said United Kingdom, then such other good and sufficient Proof of his or her living upon the Day when each half Yearly Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities shall respectively become due shall be produced to the said Treasurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Person as aforesaid, as shall be satisfactory to him or them ; and it shall not be necefiary, in order to render valid the Grant of any such Annuity or Annuities, to enrol or register a Memorial thereof pur-

fuant

Hosted

C. xxix.

661

fuant to the Provifions contained in any A61 or A6ls of Parliament relating to Annuities, or to any other Ad or Ads of Parliament whatsoever.

CVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Annuitant or Annuitants, Nominee or Nominees, to whom and for whose Lives any Annuity or Annuities may be granted from time to time under and by virtue of this Ad, shall die, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Per* fons as aforesaid from time to time and at all times hereafter to permit any Person or Persons to purchase of them the said Commif-fioners or Truflees, or other Persons as aforesaid, other and any Annuities upon the Life of such other Person or Persons upon such Terms and Conditions and payable in such manner as above mentioned ; or in case the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforesaid shall call in and pay off any Bonds, Afiignments or Mortgages of the said Rates or Afleffments, it shall and may be lawful for them to borrow on similar Bonds, Afiignments and Securities, or by the Sale or Grant of Annuities, other Sum or Sums of Money from time to time for the Purpofes aforesaid or of this Ad.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Monies advanced and paid, and all Bonds, Afiignments, Securities and Annuities given and granted under and by virtue of this Ad, shall be and be deemed Perfonal Eflate and Effeds ; and also that the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, signing or executing such Bonds, Mortgages, Afiignments or Grants, or any of them, or any other of the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforesaid, or the Treasurer or Treafurers, or Clerk or Clerks, or any of them, or their or any of their Eflates or EfFedls, shall in no wife be charged with or responsible, either at Law or in Equity, for the Payment of any of the Monies or Annuities thereby secured or granted, or mentioned and intended so to be, or any Part thereof.

CVIII. And be it further enacted. That the respective Clerk pr Clerks to the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, shall enter in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpofe provided and kept by the said Commissioners or Truflees or other Persons as aforesaid, a Copy or Copies or an Ex-trad or Extrads of or from all Securities given for Monies borrowed, and of and from the Grants of all Annuities granted by virtue or in pursuance of this Ad ; and also of all Afiignments of such Securities for Monies borrowed, and of such Grants of Annuities so given or granted as aforesaid, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode and Defcriptions of all such Persons who shall from time to time be entitled to such Securities and Annuities ; and also the Name, Surname, Addition, Place of Abode and other Defcription of every Person for whose Life any Annuity or Annuities shall be granted, and the Days whereon the Interefl of the said Securities and the said Annuities shall be payable; and which Book and Books the Person and Persons entitled to and possessed of such Securities or Annuities at all seasonable times may have free Liberty to inspect, or to make or take Extradls or Copies thereof or there-

U u 3	from.

If Annuitants die, other Annuities may be granted.

Annuities to be deemed Perfonal Eftate.

Commissioners, &c. shall not be perlonnlly liable.

Securities to be entered in a Book kept by Commissioners, &c.

Book may be infpedled.

Hosted

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

6G2

Commissioners may meet, and adjourn.

Commissioners, &c. may retain and dilcharge Clerks, &c.;

may rent, Sec. Offices, Sic.;

and a Place to be called the Green Yard;

may appoint Persons to take Care of Offices, &c.i

and may appoint Fees,

from, on the Payment of the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence to the said Clerk or Clerks for any and every such Infpe6tion.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District: within the Jurifdi&ion of this Aft, from time to time and at all times afterwards to assemble and meet together for the Execution of the local A ft or Adis of Parliament whereby or by virtue whereof they may have been appointed, and of this Adi, within their respective parochial or other Diftridl or elsewhere, and may adjourn such Meetings from time to time as they shall think proper ; but that One such General Meeting shall be held at least Once in every Calendar Month, and that Five or more of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall attend at and be necessary to constitute every such General Meeting j and the Adis, Refolutions and Proceedings of the Majority present at such Meetings, shall be deemed and considered to be the Adis, Refolutions and Proceedings of such Meetings ; and that such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid may retain and employ and discharge and pay such Clerks, Surveyors, In* fpedlors and other Persons, as they from time to time shall deem expedient; and also shall and may dedudl and allow to themselves and to each other, and to their Officers and Servants, all Expences necessarily incurred in and about the Execution of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or of this Adi ; and also shall and may from time to time purchase or rent upon Lease, for a Term or Terms of Years or othervvise, or may erect, furnift), alter or improve, any Houses, Offices and other Places which they may deem necessary or expedient for their Places of Meeting, or for the Tranfadlion of their Official Bufinefs, or for the Depoflt and safe Cuftody of their Books, Vouchers and Documents ; and also may purchase or rent upon Leafe or otherwise from time to time such Place or Places, to be called “ The Green Yard,” for such parochial or other District, for the Reception, Depoflt and safe Cuftody of any Article seized and removed by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or of this Adi, within their respective parochial or other Diftridls, or of any Horfes, Bealls, Cattle or any Animals or other things which may be found straying, or which shall be ii? or about any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other District, or which, according to any local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or to this Adi, or to the Common or Statute Law, may be impounded ; and may appoint any Person or Persons to inhabit and take care of such Houses, Offices and other Places of Meeting, and to have the Cuftody and Care of such Books, Vouchers and Documents, and to take care of and superintend such Places of Depoflt as aforesaid ; and may appoint the Fees and Charges which shall be paid and payable, and which may be demanded on or for the Depoflt and safe Cuftody of any such Articles so seized, or of any Horfes, Beafts, Cattle, Animals or other things which shall be there impounded as aforesaid ; and that the fame Fees and Charges shall be so paid before any such Articles or things shall be given up or restored to any Persons whomsoever, or shall and may be dedudled out of the Proceeds of any Appraifement or Sale of any such Articles and Things, and

which

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

663

which may be effected thereof under and by virtue of any local Aft or Afts of Parliament, or of this Aft.

CX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Clerks to the Notice of Gene-faid Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control ral Meetings to of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or £,ven* other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, ffiall, at least One Day previous to any General Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, cause a Notice to be left for every such Commiflioner or Truftee or other Person at his Dwelling House or Office, or last or usual Place of Abode, in such parochial or other District, of every such General Meeting, and of the Place and Time when and where such General Meeting is intended to be held.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That in case Five Commif- General Meet-fioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid ffiall not attend nigs may be ad-at any such General Meeting within One Hour after the time ap- ^r” gte Num-pointed for such Meetings respectively, it shall and may be law- ber d0 not ful to and for the Clerk or Clerks to such Commissioners or Trustees atcend. or other Persons as aforesaid to declare such General Meeting to be adjourned until a future time, within Seven Days after such Meeting was appointed to be or ought to have been held, and forthwith to cause Notice of such Adjournment to be left for every such Commiflioner or Truftee or other Person having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, in manner hereinbefore mentioned and directed.

CXI I. And be it further enacted. That at each and every Ge- At General neral Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons Meetings a having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, any One Com-	10	hs

miffioner or Truftee or other Person then present, who shall be ^ denominated by the Majority of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid present at any such Meeting, shall preside at every such Meeting, and take the Chair as Chairman of such Meeting ; and in case of an Equality of Votes on any Tranfaction, including the Vote of the Chairman, the Chairman at such Meeting ffiall have another or the calling Vote.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Five or more of Special General the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control Meetings may of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial encies ^ or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, ffiall on any Occalion think it necessary or expedient to call or convene a Special General Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, it ffiall and may be lawful for such Five or more Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons to direct their Clerk or Clerks for the time being to summon such Special General Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons re-fpeftively, to be assembled at the usual Place of Meeting, and at such time as the said Five or more Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid ffiall direct, by a Notice specifying the particular Objeft of such Special General Meeting, and of which Special,

General Meeting Notice ffiall be accordingly given by the Clerk or Clerks in the manner hereinbefore directed to be given of any General Meeting.

Uuf	CXIV.	And

Hosted

664

C.xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817

Proceedings at Meetings to be entered in Books, which shall be good Evidence.

What Proof required of Appointment of Clerks, &c.

Bye Laws maybe made by Com midi oners;

f/3J

CXIV. And be it further enabled, That all Afts, Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid at any of their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by their Clerk or Clerks for the time being for that Purpose, and shall be signed by such Clerk or Clerks ; and that all such Orders and Proceedings shall then be deemed and taken to be original Afts, Orders and Proceedings ; and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and read as Evidence of all such Afts, Orders and Proceedings, upon any Appeal or Trial or Information, or any Proceeding Civil or Criminal, and in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever ; and that it shall not be ne-ceffary upon any Appeal or Trial or Information or Proceeding, or upon any Occafion, to prove the Appointment of such Clerk or Clerks; and that within Ten Years after the Date of any such Afts, Orders and Proceedings, Proof of the Handwriting of such Clerk or Clerks shall alone be necessary to verify his or their Appointment, and the Accuracy of such Entries of such Afts, Orders and Proceedings ; and that after the Expiration of Ten Years from the Date of any such Afts, Orders and Proceedings, no other Proof shall be necessary, or shall be required of his or their Appointment, or of the Accuracy of such Entries, than the Production of such Book or Books appearing to be signed by some Person or Persons as the Clerk or Clerks for the time being ; and that any Proof of his or their Handwriting shall not be necessary, nor shall be required ; and also that upon any Appeal or Trial or Information, or other Proceeding Civil or Criminal, and in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, a Certificate from the Clerk or Clerks for the time being, signed by him or them, that any Person or Persons who hath or have acted or may aft: as Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District, or as a Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or in any other Office, was or were or is or are One or more of such Commissioners or Trustees or Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or was duly appointed to be and was a Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or to such other Office wherein such Person or Persons shall or may have acted, or shall or may aft or appear, shall be sufficient and conclusive Evidence of the Appointment and Authority of such Person or Perfqns, without any other Proof or Evidence whatsoever.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, present at any General Meeting, from time to time and at all times hereafter to make such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations for the better regulating their own Proceedings at any ofctheir General or other Meetings, and of enforcing the good Conduct and Behaviour of the feverai Officers and Servants employed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, in the Execution of any local Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or of this Aft, and for the Application of the feverai Monies that may be levied, collected or received by virtue of such local Aft or Afts of Parliament, or of this Aft, to the Purpofes thereof; and likewise from time to time to vary, alter, amend or repeal all

or

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

665

or any of such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, and to fix and appoint all such reasonable Fines and Penalties for the and appoint Breach or Nonperformance of any such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders or l?ines not ex-Regulations, or any Part thereof, as to them shall seem proper, ^eedlllg IQh so that no such Fine or Penalty shall exceed the Sum of Ten confirmed* C° 6 Pounds ; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations when made, and all Aiterations, Variations and Amendments thereof, shall be confirmed at another General Meeting, and being so confirmed shall be printed and be hung up or affixed at the several Places of Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid ; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders or Regulations, when so made, confirmed, printed and affixed, shall be good and binding upon all Persons concerned ; provided that the fame be not inconsistent with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, nor inconsistent with or repugnant to the Provifions and Directions in any local Ad or ACts of Parliament for such parochial or other Diftrid, or in this Ad contained; and that any Person or Persons thinking himself or Appeal, themselves aggrieved thereby shall and may appeal against the fame as hereinafter is provided ; and that all Penalties thereby imposed, How Penalties if incurred, shall and may be recovered in such manner as any thereby imposed. Penalties imposed by this Ad may be recovered by virtue of this recovered.

Ad; Provided always, that no such Bye Law, Rule or Regula- Provifo as to tion, when so made by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other alter,ng> &c* Persons as aforesaid, and confirmed, printed and affixed, shall be La',Vo* varied, altered, amended or repealed, save and except at some Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting and of the Purpofe thereof Three Days’ Notice at the least, with the Name of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons thereto, shall be left for each and every Commissioner,

Truftee or other Person as aforesaid, in the manner directed as to other General Meetings by virtue of this Ad.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners CommilTioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid at any of their General ma)r enter into Meetings shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empow- herei^mcn-ered from time to time to contract or agree with any Person or Per-fons whomsoever for removing the Duft and Afhes, cleansing, paving and repairing the Pavement of and within their refpeCtive parochial or other Diftrid, and for doing and executing all or any of the Works which, under and by virtue of any local Ad or Ads of Parliament relating thereto, or of this Ad, the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid may direct to be done and executed ; and also to purchase or provide, either by Contrad or other-wife, from time to time, such Goods, Materials and things whatfo-ever, as they shall think proper for effectually executing the Powers and Provifions of such local Ad or Ads of Parliament or of this ACt, and shall pay or order the Payment of the Monies due or to become due upon any such Contracts, Agreements or Purchases, to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the fame, by and out of all or any Monies which shall or may be paid to or received by them by virtue of any such local ACt or ACls of Parliament or of this Ad, for and towards the Expence of paving and repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Diftrids, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards

any

Hosted

666

Public Notice to be given of all Meetings for making Contrails.

Contrails, Accounts, to be entered in Books.

Commissioners

may sue or compound for Breaches of Contrails.

Accounts and Books may be examined,&c. by Persons entitled to Securities,

C. xxix.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.] 817.

any other Objeds or Purposes, or whereof they may be authorized and entitled to dispose.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That previous to any Meeting of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, for the making of any such Contrails which they may deem expedient for the better Execution of this Ad, Seven Days’ Notice of such Meeting to make any such Contrads shall be given in Two or more of the public Newfpapers published in London or Wejimtnfler, expressing the Nature and Objeds of each of such Contracts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to contract may make Propofals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to their Clerk or Clerks, at the Time and Place mentioned in such Notice; and also that the Particulars of all such Contrads or Agreements, and all Receipts and Payments by such Commissioners er Trustees or other Persons in the Execution of the said local Ad or A.ds of Parliament or of this Ad, and also Minutes of their Proceedings at all and every of their General Meetings, shall be fairly entered by their Clerk or Clerks, or by his or their Diredion, in a Book or Books to be provided for those Purposes, and to be carefully preserved.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Con-trad or Contracts, for any Purpofe or Purpofes whatsoever, shall have been heretofore or shall be hereafter entered into by any Com-miflioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid acting in pur-fuance of any local Ad or Ads of Parliament or of this Ad, and the Person or Persons who may have entered or who shall hereafter enter into any such Contrad or Contracts, shall be guilty of any Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contrad or Contracts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, at any of their General Meetings, in case they shall deem it proper and expedient, to declare such Contrad or Contrads to be null and void, and such Contrad or Contrads shall be from thenceforth null and void accordingly ; or it shall or may be lawful to and for them to compound for such Sum or Sums of Money with the Person or Persons so having entered into or who shall hereafter enter into such Contrad or Contracts, for such Breach or Nonperformance of such Contrad or Contracts, and for all Cofts, Charges and Expences which have been or shall be occa-fioned thereby, as to them the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall appear proper and expedient; or it shall and may be lawful to and for them the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to sue for and to recover the full Penalty or Penalties contained and expressed in any such Contrad or Contracts, or in any Bond or Bonds given and executed for the due Performance of such Contrad or Contracts, by Adion of Debt or on the Cafe in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjier, in which Adion or Adions no Effoign, Protedion, Wager at Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every the Persons possessing or entitled to any Bonds, Mortgages,' Annuities or other Securities affecting or charged upon the laid Rates or Afleffments for any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, and all Persons rated to the Rates or Afleffments to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or

repairing

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

667

repairing the Pavement in any parochial or other District, either excluflvely or jointly with or for or towards any other Objedls or Purposes, either by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament or of this Adi, at all seasonable and convenient times to peruse and infpedl and to make and take Extradls from all Rates or Rate Books, and all other Book or Books, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers and Writings whatsoever, which shall be kept under any such local Adi or A&s of Parliament, or under this Adi, in relation to the paving or repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other Dif-tridl, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objedls or Purposes, in the Cuftody or Power of the said Commissioners or Truilees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements for the time being ; and also, that the Clerk or Clerks to the said Com-miflioners or Truilees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, or One of them, within Twenty Days after Demand made thereof in Writing, ligned by any one of the Persons before mentioned, and delivered to or left for him or them at his or their usual or last Place of Abode, shall make and deliver or cause to be made and delivered a Copy or Copies of all and every such Book and Books, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers and Writings whatsoever, or of any Part or Parts thereof, whereof a Copy or Copies shall be so demanded, to the Person or Persons demanding the fame, on his or their Application for the fame, at any time after the Expiration of the said Term of Twenty Days, he or they paying for the fame, at or before the Delivery thereof, at and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Three hundred Words contained in such Copy or Copies so demanded and delivered as aforesaid, every Figure in such Copy or Copies being calculated as a Word ; and in case any such Clerk shall at anytime refuse or wilfully neglect to make and deliver or cause to be made and delivered such Copy or Copies of all and every such Book and Books, Accounts, Vouchers and Papers, and of every Part thereof respectively, to the Person or Persons demanding the fame, on Application for the fame, after Twenty Days from the Day of the Demand thereof as aforesaid, on Payment for the fame as aforesaid, then every such Clerk shall for every Refufal or Negledl forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; One Moiety thereof to the Treasurer or Treafurers to the Commissioners, Truilees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, and the other Moiety to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame in any of His Majelly’s Courts of Record at Wejlmitijler, by Adlion of Debt or on the Cafe, wherein no Efloign, Proteftion, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Truilees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Dillridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, may sue and be sued in the Name of their respective Clerk or Clerks for the time being; and that all A&ions or Suits that the said Commissioners or Truilees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other Dillridl, may at any time or times hereafter direct to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or Rates, or any other Sum or Sums of Money from time to time or at any time due or payable from

or

and Copies delivered to such Persons demanding.

Fee.

Clerk refusing &c. to deliver Copy.

Penalty aol

Actions may be brought and defended by Com-miflioners, &c-in the Name of the Clerk,

Hosted

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Adion not dif-continued, &c. by Death, &c. of Clerk.

Clerk to be reimbursed his Cofts, &c.

In what case Clerk to be personally liable.

or by any Water or Gas Companies, or Commissioners of Sewers, or any other Person or Persons, due or payable by virtue of any local Adi or Ads of Parliament relating to their respective parochial or other Diftrid, or of this Ad, or for or in respect of any other matter or thing relating to such local Ad or Ads of Parliament or to this A6t, may be brought in the Name of such Clerk or Clerks respectively for the time being, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Effoign, Protedion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, and in which Adion or Adions it shall be sufficient for the Clerk or Clerks, as such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to him or them as such Clerk or Clerks in the Sum of Ten Shillings, (or such other Sum as the Clerk or Clerks shall fup-pofe to be then due or forfeited,) for so much Money before then owing (forfeited or Fine fet, as the case may be,) from or by the Defendant or Defendants to the said Clerk or Clerks by virtue of such local Ad or Ads, or either of them, relating to his or their respective parochial or other Difirid, or by virtue of this Ad, (as the case may be, and mentioning the Titles of such Ad or Ads refpedively) ; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Adion or Adions, he or they shall have full Cofts, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgments may now by Law be levied and recovered ; and that no Adion or Suit which may be brought, commenced or prosecuted by or against the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control as afore-said, or any of them, by virtue or on account of such local Ad or Ads of Parliament, or of this Ad, in the Name of such their respective Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Sufpenfion or Removal of such Clerk or Clerks, or by any Ad or Default of such Clerk or Clerks done or suffered without the Confent or Diredion of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid ; but the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons for the time being shall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Adion or Suit (as the case may be), except in such Adion or Adions as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons and their respective Clerk or Clerks for the time being ; in which Adion or Suit any One of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control as aforesaid, shall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the case may be) : Provided always, that every such Clerk or Clerks or other Person in whose Name any Adion or Suit shall be commeneed, prosecuted or defended in pursuance of this Ad, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of any such local Ad or Ads towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other Diftrid, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objeds or Pur-poses, or of this Ad, all such Cofts, Charges and Expences as he or they shall be put to or become charged or chargeable with by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants therein ; but no such Clerk or other Person shall be personally answerable or liable for the Payment of the fame or any Part of the fame, unless such Adion or Suit shall have been brought

or

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

669

or commeneed, or the Defence of such Adlion or Suit shall be commeneed, without the Order or Diredlionof the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or shall be prosecuted, carried on and continued contrary to their Approbation and Confent.

CXX1. And be it further enabled, That in any Adlion, Profecu-tion, Information, Appeal, Cause, Suit, Hearing, Examination or Proceeding whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or relating to or concerning any Rate or AfTefTment made or to be made upon any Person or Persons in respect of any Property in any such parochial or other District, or in anywise touching, concerning or relating to any such parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, any Inhabitant or Owner or Occupier of Property in any Part of any such parochial or other Diftridl may be a competent Witnefs, and shall be admitted to give Evidence, notwithstanding he might be interested for and on behalf of such parochial or other District, or might or is or then or thereafter should be charged with or liable to pay any Rate or AfTefTment to be raised, levied and collected within any such parochial or other Diftridl by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament or of this Adi, or by any other Authority whatsoever.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time or times hereafter in any manner whatsoever wilfully obstruct, hinder or molest any Commissioners or Trustees or any other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidtion of this Adi, or any Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or any other Officer or Officers, Person or Persons whom-soever, who are or shall be appointed or employed to put in Execution this Adi or any local Adi or Adis of Parliament by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any such parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty, then every Person or Persons so offending shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the Second Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the Third or any subsequent Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Adi.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace is or are or may be empowered by Law to proceed on the Complaint of the Commif-fioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for such Juftice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby required, to proceed on the Complaint of any One of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other such Persons, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, or of their Clerk or Clerks for the time being, or any of them, or of any Person or Persons whom they or any Two or more of them by Writing under their Hands shall appoint for that Purpose, in such and the like manner to all Intents and Purpofes as if such Complaint had

been

Inhabitants may be Witneffes.

Gbftrudling Commissioners and Surveyors irs Performance of their Duty.

First Offence. Second Offence. Subfequent Offence. Penalty.

Justices to proceed on Complaint of Com-miflloners.

Hosted

6 70

57° GEO. III.

Two Commif-fioners may act where uo particular Number is required bv any local A£t or by vhis Aft.

Justices may act although they are Commifiioners, &c. or Inhabitants of Diftri#.

JufticeSj with Confent of Com-mifTioners, &c. may make Allowance to Informers out of Penalties which are to be applied to Purpofes of the Adt

Amount of Allowance..

C. XXJLX.

A.D.1817.

been made by such Coipmifiiohers or Trustees or other such Persons as aforesaid, or any or all of them.

CXXIV. And be it further enadied, That in every case wherein no particular Number of Cqmmiffioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridi within the Jurifdidiion of this Adi, are by any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to such parochial or other Diftridi, or by this Adi, stipulated and required to be necef-fary to perform any Aft, matter or thing by such local A (ft or A<fts of Parliament or by this Adi required or directed to be done and performed, that all and every such Adi, matter and thing may be legally and effediually done, executed and performed by any Two or more of such Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control for the time being of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in the particular parochial or other Diftridi for which they are appointed or empowered to act; any thing in such local Adi or Adis of Parliament or in this Adi to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXV. And be it further enadied, That any Juftice of the Peace in and for any City, Borough or County within the Jurifdidtion of this Adi, shall and may do any Adi or Deed relative to the Office of the Juftice of the Peace diredied by this Adi or by any local Adt or Adis of Parliament, relating to any parochial or other Diftridi therein or otherwise, notwithstanding he shall or may at the same time be a Commiffioner or Truftee or other Person having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diftridi within such City, Borough or County, and shall and may acct in the Execution of this Adi or of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or at any Seffions, or upon any Summons, Appeal or other Proceeding whatsoever relating to any parochial or other Diftridi within the Jurifdidiion of this Adi, notwithstanding he shall then be an Inhabitant of any such parochial or other Diftridi within the Jurifdidiion of this Adi, or shall pay or may be then or thereafter liable to pay any Rates or Afleffments charged or to be charged upon any Owners or Occupiers of Property in any parochial or other Diftridi within the Jurifdidiion of this Adi; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXVI. And be it further enadied, That it shall be lawful for the Juftice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender or Offenders shall be convidied of any Offence against this Adi, or against any local Aft: or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridi within the Jurifdidiion of this Adi, or against any Bye Law, Rule or Order made in pursuance of any such local Adi or Adis or of this A<ft, and he and they are hereby required, by and with the Dirediion or Confent of the Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such. parochial or other Diftridi, or of their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, or of any Person appointed by them or any of them, to allow and pay or to order the Allowance and Payment of such Part of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall be* imposed upon and shall be received of any such Offender or Offenders convidied before him or them of any such Offence as aforesaid (unlefs herein otherwise diredied), not exceeding One Half Part thereof, as the said Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or

13	Surveyors

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix<

671

Surveyors of the Pavements as aforesaid, or any of them, /hall direA or approve, unto the Informer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders, in such Shares and Proportions as to such Juftice or Juf-tices shall seem meet; and that the Remainder of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture (unlefs herein otherwise direAed as aforesaid), shall be paid to and shall belong to the Treasurer or Treafurers for the time being to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other DiitriA wherein any such Offence shall have been or shall appear to have been committed, or to such other Person or Persons or Company as the laid Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall from time to time appoint to receive the fame, and to be applied towards the Cofts and Charges of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, and of paving and repairing the Pavements within any such parochial or other DiftriA ; any other A A, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXVII. And be it further enaAed, That in all Appeals, Hearing or other cases where the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DiftriA within the JurifdiAion of this Adi, or any Juftice or Justices of the Peace, is or are by any local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or by this Adi shall or may be authorized or required, or shall deem it necessary or expedient, to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or for such Juftice or Justices of the Peace respectively, and they and he are and is hereby respectively authorized and required to administer an Oath or Affirmation to any such Person or Persons, and also may require the ProduAion of any Deeds, Inftruments or Papers in the Cuftody or Power of any Person or Persons appealing to them or him, which in their or his Judgment may be necessary to illustrate the Subjedl of any such Appeal; and that if any Person or Persons, being so (worn, or having solemnly affirmed, shall upon his, her or their Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or before any Juftice or Justices respectively, or any of them, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is or are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties to which by any Law then in being any Perlon or Persons would be subject and liable who should be convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Juftice or Justices of the Peace who is and are made competent, empowered or required to hear and determine any Complaint or Matter under or by virtue of any local Adi or A As of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or under and by virtue of this Adt, to issue a Summons under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals to any Person or Persons whomsoever to attend as a Witnefs or Witneffes, and to give Evidence upon Oath or solemn Affirmation before any such Juftice of the Peace touching any Matter of Fa A contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against any such local A A or AAs of Parliament, oi against this AA, or against any Bye Law, Rule or Order made in

purfuyjucc

Commissioners, &c. or Justices, may administer Oath, &c.

and may require the Produdlion of Deeds, &c.

Perjury..

Justices may compei the Attendance of Witneffes,

Hosted

672

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Witnestes, on being paid and tendered their Colls, not appearing,

Penalty,

Direction ai to Service of Notices, Sum-rnonfes, &c.

Fines and Penalties, how to be recovered.

purfuance thereof, whether on the Part of the Profecutors or Informers, or Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, or of the Person or Persons complained of, and which Summons such Juftice or Justices as aforesaid are hereby required to issue, if thereunto required ; and if such Person or Persons so summoned as aforesaid, upon being paid or tendered such Sum for his or their Coils and Charges, Trouble and Attendance, as the said Juftice or Justices shall think reasonable, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the time and Place to be for that Purpofe appointed, without such Excufe for such his, her or their Refufal or Neglect as shall be approved of by such Juftice or Justices, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath or solemn Affirmation, or to give Evidence before such Juftice or Justices, then and in every such case every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not being less than Five Pounds, nor exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be also recovered in the manner hereinafter directed by virtue of this

Aft.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Notices, Sum-monfes, Documents, Demands and Accounts, which are directed and required to be given by any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or by this A61, or which are or may be directed or required to be given by any Bye Law, Rule or Order to be made in pursuance thereof, or of any of them, or which shall or may be necessary for carrying into Execution any of the Powers of any such local A6t or Adis or this Adi, or any or cither of such Bye Laws, Rules or Orders, of which the manner of serving the fame is not particularly directed by such local Adi or Adis or by this Adi, shall be printed or written, or partly printed and partly written* and shall or may be served, either by delivering the fame personally to the Person or Persons, or one of them, to whom such Notices, Sumraonfes, Demands and Accounts respectively are to be given, or by leaving the fame at his, her or their usual or last known Warehoufe or Warehouses, Manufadlory or Manufadlories, Office or Offices, Counting House or Counting Houses, or with any of his or their Partners, Tenants, Clerks or Servants, at his or their last or usual known Place or Places of Abode, or at or upon any Tenements, Premifes or Hereditaments belonging to or occupied by any such Person or Persons, or whereunto an such Notices, Summonfe9, Documents, Demands or Accounts may relate.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or by this Adi inflicted or imposed or authorized to be imposed (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not in such Adt or Adis of Parliament or herein otherwise diredled), upon Proof of the Offences respectively, within Three Calendar Months after such Offences respectively shall have been or shall be committed, before any One or more Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein the parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi shall be situate wherein any such Offence shall have been committed, or shall be charged or shall appear to have been committed, either by Confeffion of the Party or Parties offending, or by

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.Xxix.

C/3

the Information of One or more Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath or Affirmation, (which Oath and Affirmation such Juftice or Justices of the Peace is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward, and the Informer and Informers are hereby declared to be and is and are hereby rendered in any and every such case a competent Witnefs or competent Witneffes,) ffiall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Juftice or Justices, which Warrant or Warrants such Juftice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (rendering the Overplus, if any there be, after deducting all the Colts, Charges and Expences of any Summonfes, Informations, Complaints, Hearings, Warrants, and of such Distress, and the Keeping, Appraifement or Sale thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, unto the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold,) ftiall be paid as hereinbefore directed to the Treasurer or Treafurers for the time being to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other DiftriCt, or to such Person or Persons or Company as they ffiall from time to time appoint as aforesaid to receive the fame ; and to be applied as hereinbefore is directed, and subject to the Powers of rewarding Informers hereinbefore contained ; and in every such case where Diftrefs is directed to be made, levied or taken by any such local ACt or ACts of Parliament or by this ACt, and sufficient Diftrefs ffiall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and Cofts, Charges and Expences ffiall not be forthwith paid, it ffiall and may be lawful for such Juftice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, Borough or County aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures or Fines, and all such Cofts, Charges and Expences attending on or occaftoned by any such Offence, or any Summonfes, Informations, Complaints, Hearings, Warrants, or of such Distress, and the Keeping, Appraifement or Sale thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, ffiall be sooner paid and satisfied ; and also that any one Juftice of the Peace may and is hereby required to act in any and every case in which the Concurrence of Two Justices of the Peace ffiall not be expressly required by any such local ACt or ACts of Parliament, or by this A61: Provided always, that no Penalty, Forfeiture or Fine inflicted or imposed or authorized to be imposed by virtue of th;s ACt, ffiall become due or be incurred by any Persons whomsoever for any Offence or Offences under or against this ACt, unless such Offences ffiall have been committed after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the passing of this ACt,

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Juftice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons ffiall be convicted of any Offence against any local ACt or ACts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other DiftriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, or against this ACt, ffiall and may cause the Conviction to 57 Geo. III.	X	x	be

How and to whom Penalties paid.

Where Diftrefs nut found, 8zc.

Proceedings,

Form of Oon-v id ion.

Hosted

■ 6?4

Dill refs not to be deemed unlawful for want of Form ;

and Plaintiff in Action for executing A£t not to recover if adequate Amends have been tendered. Limitation of such A&ion. Notice, Sec.

C. xxix.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1817.

be drawn up in the following Words, or any other Form of Words to the fame Effedt ; (that is to fay,)

*	j^E it remembered, That on this	Day of

*	,	in	the	Year of our Lord

6	,	A.	B. is duly convicted before

6	of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the [City,

1 Borough or County, as the case may be,'] of having \here Jlate the c Offence, as the case may be,] contrary to the Form of a Statute [or c of certain Statutes, as the case may be], in that case made and pro-c vided : And I [or we, as the case may be,] do declare and adjudge ‘ that the said A. B. hath forfeited for his or her [as the case may be] e said Offence the Sum of	and	alfo the

c Sum of	for the Cofts, Charges and

c Expences already incurred thereabouts. Given under my Hand [or 6 Hand and Seal, or our Hands, or our Hands and Seals, as the case ‘ may be,] the Day and Year first above written.’

CXXXII. And be it further enabled, That where any Diftrefs shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftndt within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or by virtue of this Adt, the Diftrefs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpafferor Trefpaffers, on account of any Defedl or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto ; nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining ; but the Perfou or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Compen-fation for the special Damage incurred by an Adtion on the case : Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Adlion on the case, or in any Adlion commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of any local Adt or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or in pursuance of this Adi, unless such Adlion shall be commenced within Twenty eight Days after any alleged Irregularity, Trefpafs or wrongful Proceeding shall be done, nor unless Notice in Writing of such intended Adlion shall have been given to the Clerk or Clerks of the Commifiioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, or left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Twenty one Days before such Adlion shall be commeneed, signed by the Attorney for the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the cause or causes of such Adlion ; nor shall any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Adlion for Satisfadlion for special Damage or otherwise, or for any such Irregularity, Trefpafs or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed every or any such Irregularity, Trefpafs or wrongful Proceeding, before such Adlion shall be brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Adlion, by Leave of the Court where such Adlion shall depend, at any time before Iffue be joined in such Adlion, to pay into such Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Order

and

Hosted

A.D. 1817,	57° GEO. III.	C.xxix,	«75

and Judgment shall be had, made or given in and by such Court, as in

other A&ions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into

Court ; and that if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or

Adlions shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Difcontinuance of such Adtion,

or if upon a Demurrer or Verdict or otherwise, Judgment shall be

given for or shall be obtained by the Defendant or Defendants in any

such Adtion, then and in every such case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

shall be liable and subject to the Payment to the Defendant or De- Treble Cofts,

fendants of Treble Cofts ; and the Defendant or Defendants fhall

have all and every such Remedies for recovering the fame, as any

Defendant may have by Law for the Recovery of Cofts in any other

case.

CXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Appeal from any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves agr jX'eSj,0n ° grieved by any Convidlion or Order of any Juftice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for any City, Borough or County within the Jurifdidlion of this Adf, for any Offence committed against any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or against this Adi, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal to the next General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace for such City, Borough to General or or County, provided the fame shall not be held within Seven Days Quarter Sel^10n?l after such Convidlion or Order shall be made, and then to the General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace for such City, Borough or County then next succeeding; and also if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Affeff- from Rate; ment or Affeffments, made or to be made for or towards the Ex-pences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objedls and Purposes, or by any Bye Law, Rule or Order made or to be made in pursuance of any such local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or in pursuance and by virtue of this Adi, or by any other matter or thing done or directed to be done in pursuance of such local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or of this Adt, then such Person or Persons shall apply for Relief to the CommiiTioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements for such parochial or other Diftridl for which such Rate or Affeffment shall then have been made, or by whom any such Bye Law, Rule or Order, or other matter or thing, shall have been made or done or directed to be done, at any Meeting to be held within Thirty Days next after the making of any such Rate or Rates, Affeffment or Affeffments, or next after any such matter or thing done and committed by or by an Order of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, by which such Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved ; and the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons, are hereby authorized and empowered to give such Relief in the Premifes as to them shall seem necessary ; and if such Person or Persons shall not be satisfied with the Determination of such Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons, or the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons, shall neglect within Thirty Days after such Application to determine or to give Notice of such Determination to the Person or Persons so applying for Relief, then and in either of such cases he, (he or they may appeal to a Quarter or General Seflions of the Peace to be holden for

X x 2	the

Hosted

from Bye Law, &c.

to Com m i f-ftoners, &cy

Relief,

Appeal from Commissioners, Arc. to General or Quarts r Seflicns.

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Notice of Appeal.

Recognizance.

the City, Borough or County within such parochial or other Diftri6t shall be situate, within Four1 Calendar Months next after such Application to the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons 5 but that in all and every such case of Appeal every such Appellant, unless he, (he or they shall be Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, or their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, or some Person or Persons appointed by them, and whether such Appeal shall be against any Conviction or Order of any Juftice or Justices of the Peace, or against any Rate or Afleflment, or against any Bye Law, Rule, Order, matter or thing made or done or directed to be done by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, shall first give or cause to be given Fourteen Days’ Notice at least in Writing of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the matter thereof, signed by every such Appellant, and fpe-cifying his, her or their true Refidence and Trade or Prosession, to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, by delivering such Notice to him or them, or by leaving such Notice for him or them at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, and within Three Days next after the Service of such Notice shall enter into a Recognizance before One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City, Borough or County, with Two sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and to pay such Cofts as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter or General Seffions of the Peace for the said City, Borough or County ; and the said Justices at such General or Quarter Seffions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid and such Recognizance being entered into, in such cases in which such Notice and Recognizance are hereby directed and required, shall hear and determine the Caufes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary way, and award such Cofts to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and in all cases wherein the Appeal shall relate to the Provisions contained in this A<S for compelling speedy and effectual Reparation of imperfect Pavement, the said Justices at such General or Quarter Seffions shall award full Cofts to the Party in whose Favour they shall decide and determine, to be allowed as between Solicitor and Client, and to be fettled by the Clerk of the Peace for such City, Borough or County for the time being ; and the Determination of such Justices at their Quarter or General Seffions shall be final, bind-Refufing to obey, ing and conclusive ; and that the Recognizances of any Party dif-obeying, or refusing or neglecting to obey, any Order which may be made by such Justices, shall be forfeited, and that every such Party shall be guilty of a Mifdemeanor; and that if any Cofts awarded by them, when so fettled by the said Clerk of the Peace, shall not be forthwith paid, then Double the Amount thereof may be recovered by an A&ion of Debt or on the case in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjlery wherein no Effoign, Prote&ion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that the Payment of any Rate or AfiefTment shall not be suspended or delayed in consequence of any such Notice of Appeal, or whilst such Appeal may depend, but that the fame and every Part thereof fhall

and

Colts.

And on Appeals as to Pavements, full Cofts as between Solicitor and Client.

Determination of Seftions final.

Mildemeanor.

If Cofts not paid3 Action.

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

67 7

C. xxbs.

and may be demanded, collected and recovered in such and the same manner as if no such Notice of Appeal had been given.

GXXXIV. And be it further enabled, That all and every the Justices todeliver

Recognizance and Recognizances entered into by any Person or Per- Recognizances^

fons relating: to any Appeal as aforesaid, shall be delivered on Demand	eL	t0	1	e

i	i	L	fr	r	,	.	,	.	i	rr	Commit!] oners,

to the Clerk or Clerks ror the time being to the' Commilnoners or ^c< xvh0 may fue

Trustees or other Persons having the Control-of the Pavements in any on the lame

parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdiblion of this Adi, as

to which such Appeal shall relate, by the Juftice or Justices who fhall

have taken the fame ; and that the CommifTioners or Trustees, or other

Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or

other District, shall and may sue for, recover and receive the Penalty

and Penalties or Sum and Sums mentioned in any such Recognizance

or Recognizances, either in such and the same manner as any Rate,

Penalty or Fine maybe sued for and recovered by virtue of any local

Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any such parochial or other

Diflridt, or by virtue of this Adi, or by Adlion or Adlions of Debt

or on the case, or other Adlion or Adlions in any of His Majefty’s

Courts of Record at Wejlminjler> with full Cofls of Suit; and that in

any such Adlion or Adlions no Effoign, Protection or Wager.of Law,

nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed,.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Rates, Proceedings noc-AfTeffment or AflefTments, nor any Proceeding to be had touching qua(hed for want the Convidlion of any Offender or Offenders against this Adi, or any ofForrn;

Order made, or any other matter or thing to be done or transacted in or about the Execution of any local Act or Adts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diflridt within the Jurifdidtion of this Adt, or in or about the Execution of this Adt, or in pursuance or by virtue thereof, shall be vacated or quafned for want of Form ; but that any Rate or Affeffment, or any matters of Form in any Convidlion, Order,

Proceeding or other matter and thing, may be amended, as the Justices at any General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace for such City,

Borough or County may order and direct , nor shall any Rate,. Proceeding, Convidlion, Order, matter or thing be removed or removable nor removable-by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Procefs what foe ver, into any ^CertloraT1>	j

of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejiminfler or elsewhere ; any '	j

Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.	j

CXXXVI. And be it further enabled. That no Adlion or Suit Notice and	>

shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done	j

in execution or pursuance of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament things ^one jn relating, either exclusively or jointly with any other. Objedls or Pur- Execution of poses, to the Pavement of any parochial or other Diftridl within the Joeal Adlsrelat- .j Jurifdiblion of this Adi, until after Twenty one Days’ Notice in >ns to Rewriting, signed by the Person or Persons intending to bring such mentSj &c*	]

Adlion or Suit, and specifying his or their real Refidence, and his or their Trade or Prosession, shall be thereof given to the Clerk or Cerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the	j

Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diftridl within	j

the Jurifdiblion of this Adi, wherein any Fabl may be committed, or	1

for which such Action or Suit may be brought ; nor after sufficient Tender of Satisfaction shall be made or tendered, nor after Three Calendar Satisfaction,

Months next after the Fabl-may be committed for which such Adlion or Suit shall be so brought; and all such Adlions or Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlefea or City of London, and not

X x 3	in

Hosted

678

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

C. xxix.

General IfTue.

treble Cofts.

Tlie Powers

conferred on Commiflloners ?.nd Trustees io belong toVellry ■ men, Gum mi t-tees, Courts .md all other Perlons having the Control of Pavements.

tocal Paving Aits of Pal lia^ tnent not hereby repealed.

in any other County, City or Place ; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Aftions, Suit and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General lfsue, and give any local Adi or Afts of Parliament relating to any such parochial or other District, or this Adi, and the special matter, in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the matter or thing for or on which such Adtion or Suit shall be brought was done in pursuance and by the Authority of any such local Adi or Adis, or of this Aft ; and if the said matter or thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Aftion or Suit was brought before Twenty one Days’ Notice was given as before directed, or that sufficient Satisfadtion was made or tendered or paid into Court as aforesaid, or if any such Adtion or Suit shall not be commenced within the time before for that Purpofe limited, or shall be laid in any other County City or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein ; and if a Verdidt shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Aftion or Suit shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Difcontinuance of such Aftion or Suit, or if upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in such Aftion or Suit, or upon a Verdidl or otherwise, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the cases aforesaid such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cofts, and shall have such Remedies for recovering the fame as any Defendant may have lor the Recovery of Cofts in other cases by Law.

CXXXVIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Articles, matters and things in this Adt contained, and applying or relating to any Commissioners or Trustees having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftricl within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, shall also extend and apply to, and all the Powers, Privileges, Indemnities and Authorities hereby conferred upon them shall and may be exercised and enjoyed by all and every other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdiclion of this Aft, under and by virtue of any local Adt or Adis of Parliament or other-wife, and howsoever such Persons having such Control may be designated, entitled and distinguished in and by such local Adi or Adis of Parliament or otherwise, and whether they be so designated, entitled and distinguished as Veftrymen, Committees, Courts or other-wife i any thing contained in such local Adi or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding ; and that they and every of them shall and may have, exercise and enjoy all such Powers, Privileges', Indemnities and Authorities, in such and the same manner as if every such public Body and such Persons was or were distinctly and separately enumerated, nominated and fet forth in this Aft, and in every Clause, matter and Provifion herein contained*

CXXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That neither any Att or Afts of Parliament relating either exclusively to the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, or relating thereto jointly with any other Objeft or Purpose, nor any Clause, matter or Provifion therein contained, shall be hereby repealed ; but that the Gommiffioners, Trustees or other Persons by any such local

14	Aft

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix*

6 T9

Ad or Ads of Parliament vested with the Control or Superintendence of the Pavement of the Streets and public Places in every such parochial or other Diftrid, shall retain and may exercise all and every the Powers and Authorities by all and every such local Ad and Ads of Parliament conferred upon them or any of them ; and that they may from time to time and at all times either ad under and upon all or any of the Provisions, Clauses, Powers and Authorities of such Ad or Ads of Parliament, or under any of the Provilions, Clauses, Powers and Authorities of this Ad, as they from time to time, upon each Emergency or each particular Occafion, may think proper and deem moil expedient ; but subject nevertheless to all the Provifions contained in this Ad as to the Appointment of Surveyors of the Pavement in every parochial or other Diftrid, and as to the means hereby provided for compelling the speedy and effectual Reparation of im-perfed Pavement in all Streets and public Places within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, and the Regulation and Improvement of such Streets, and Removal and Prevention of Nuifances and Obftrudions, according to the Provifions of this Ad.

CXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither this A61, nor any Enactment, Clause, Provision, matter or thing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to the Eftate of The Most Honourable The Marquis Camden, situate and being in the Parifh of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, but that the fame shall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither this Ad, nor any Enadment, Clause, Provision, matter or thing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to the Eftate of the Right Honourable John Sommers Lord Sommers, situate and being in the Parifh of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, but that the fame shall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That the several Powers and Authorities by this Ad granted shall not extend or be construed to extend to enable any Person or Persons whomsoever to have any Control, Right, Power or Authority over the Sewers and other Works now under the Control and Diredion of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster and Part of the County of Middlesex, or for the Limits extending from East Moulfey in Surrey to Ravenjhourtie in Kent; but that all such Powers, Rights and Authorities now vested in the said Commiffion-ers, shall remain and continue in them solely and exclusively, and no others, in such and the same manner to all Intents and Purpofes as if this Ad had not been passed.

CXLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the taking down or removing any Bar, Gate, Rail or other Fence fixed for preventing any Thoroughfare into or from any Square, Street or Way, without the Confent of the Owner of the Eftate or Property upon which such Bars, Gates, Rails or other Fences, Squares, Streets or Ways, shall be situate.

X x 4	CXLIII.	Pro-

i

Provifo for Eftate of Marquis Camden in Saint Pancras:

And for the Eftate of Lord Sommers:

And for the Westminster and.' Surrey, &c. Commissioners of Sewers.

A<ft not to authorize making any Thoroughfare, without Confent of Own* er of Eftate.

(ISO

Provifo fur Parifhes of Iflmgton and Hackney.

56 G. 3. c. 128. *'28, 29.

Ptovifo for the laid A<5f as above recited.

56 G. 3. c. 120, § 79*

G xxix.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1817-

CXLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither this Aft, nor any Enactment, Clause, Provision, matter or thing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to the Parifhes of Saint Mary IJVington, or of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, although such Parifhes are included in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, but that the said Parifhes shall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

4 CXLIV. And Whereas by an Aft palled in the Fifty'fixth * Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to 4 amend Two A8s made in the Fifty third Tear of the Reign of His 4 present Majessy, for opening a more convenient Communication from 4 Mary le bone Park to Charing Cross, and for paving the Streets 4 to he made in Mary le bone Park ; and to enable His Majesty to 4 grant small Portions of Land as Scites for public Buildings, or to 4 be used as Cemeteries within the Bills of Mortality \ it was enacted,

4 that it should be lawful for the Commifiioners for executing that Aft 4 to authorize and permit the building or erecting and making of 4 any Porticoes, Arcades and other covered Ways projecting from 4 any Buildings or Houfes which- should or might be built on the 4 Sides of the new Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Paf-4 sages or Places comprised within the Provifions of the said Aft,

4 extending over any Footways of the said Streets, Squares, Cir-4 cusses, Ways, Courts, Paffages or Places, under the Reftriftions 4 therein mentioned ; and to permit the erecting or making, or con-4 tinuing or fullering to remain, the Fronts of any Houfes or Build-4 ings in the said Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Ways, Courts, Paffages 4 and Places, in such manner as that some Fronts might recede be-4 hind or advance before others, and with Bow Windows or other 4 Projections, and with Virandas, Alcoves, Balconies, Pilafters, Co-4 lumns and Shop Windows, or other Projections, under the Re-4 ftriftions therein mentioned Now therefore be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, abridge, repeal or affect any of the said Provifions in the said recited Aft of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, ^or to authorize or empower any Surveyor of Pavements, or other Person or Persons, to remove or alter, or to require the Removal or Alteration of any Porticoes, Arcades or other covered Ways, Bow Windows, Virandas, Alcoves, Balconies, Pilafter Columns, Architectural Ornaments or other Projections which have been heretofore or shall be hereafter authorized or permitted, by the Commifiioners for the time being for executing the said recited Aft, to be made in or to any Houfes or other Ereftions which shall have been or shall or may be ereftedor built in any of the Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Paffages or Places comprised within the Provifions of the said recited Aft of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

4 CXLV. And Whereas by the said last mentioned Aft it was 4 enacted, that such of the Houses, Buildings, Lands and Heredita-4 ments, which were intended to be taken and used under the Provifions 4 and for the Purpofes of the first Aft therein recited, as are situated 4 in the Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, and also the Houfes and Build-4 ings to be erected on the said Lands, should for ever thereafter, in 4 making any Rates or Affeffments for the paving, repairing, watch-

‘ i

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix, xxx.

681

6 ing> lighting and cleaning the several Streets and other Places in the « laid Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, be charged and affefTed thereto,

6 as being altogether and in the whole of the yearly Rent or Value * of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds, and no more; and that c the fame should for ever thereafter be charged and affefTed and « rated at the said yearly Rent of Six thousand and eighty four ‘ Pounds, whether the Rents or Values of the fame should be more or 1 less Be it therefore further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed or extend to alter, repeal or annul the Provifions contained in the said recited Adi of the Fifty iixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with Relation thereto ; but that all such Houses, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments comprised within the Provifions of the said recited Adi of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, as are situate within the said Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, shall for all the Purpofes of this Adi be charged and afTeffed as being altogether and in the whole of the said yearly Rent or Value of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds, and no more ; and that the said Sum of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds shall at all times hereafter, and for all the Purpofes of this Adi, be deemed and taken to be the annual Rent or Value of all such Houses, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXLVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained shall be conitrued to extend to the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter IVejlminjler, which has a Pavement of its own to maintain, or to such Part or Parts of the immediate Clofe thereof, which have been hitherto exempt from Paving Rates ; nor to give Power to the Commifiioners or Truflees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other Diftridl under the Operation of this Adi, to purchase or to pull down any Houses, Walls or Buildings, being Part of the said Collegiate Church, Westminster School and the Buildings thereto appertaining, situate within the ancient Clofe of the fame Collegiate Church, or in College Street, Dean Street, Smith Street or The Sanctuary, and which are adjoining to Dean's Tard, or adjoining to any of the Houfes contiguous to Dean's Tard and the Yards or Play Grounds belonging to the fame Houfes ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither this Adi, nor any Enadlment, Clause, Provision, matter or thing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Turnpike Road or Turnpike Roads or to any Part of any Turnpike Road or Turnpike Roads, whether the fame shall be paved or unpaved, now being in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, but that the fame shall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Adi shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Adi, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Houses, See. within the Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, within the said A&, to be rated at a specific Sum.

Provifo for the Collegiate Church of Welt-minfter and Places contiguous thereto;

and for Turnpike Roads.

Public A6t.

Cap. xxx.

An Adi to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of 50 G.3. e.191. Newcajlle uponTyne. (3)	[16th	June1817.]

Cap.

Hosted

682

13 G..3. 29 G. 3. 4i G. 3. (U. K.) 43 G.3.C 50 G. 3.

3^ G. 3. 56 G. 3.

41 G.

C. xxxi—xxxix.	57° GEO. III.	A.D.	1817.

Cap. xx xi.

An Ad for fixing the Dues, Duties and Payments for all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, landed on or shipped from the Pier or Quay of the Town of Penzance in the County of Cornwall, and on all Ships and Veffels resorting to the said Pier or Quay, or to the Harbour of Penzance.	[16th June	1817,]

Cap. xxxii.

c. 28. An A6t for the further Improvement of the Town and Harbours ^ 43*	of Greenock ; for establishing and supporting a Harbour Police ;

'*	and for the better regulating the Poor of the Three Parifhes of

.Ixxxvii. Greenock.	[16th June	1817.]

c. clxvii.

Cap. xxxiii.

c.clxxii. An Ad for altering and amending an Ad of the Fifty second Year c. xxiv. Qf present Majesty, for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Diftrids, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[16th June	1817.]

Gap. xxxiv.

An Ad for making the Hamlet of Poplar and Black wall, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parifh ; and for ered-ing a Parifh Church therein, and other Purpofes relating thereto.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Ad for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parifh of Chrijl Church in the County of Surrey ; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[	16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Ad for enlarging the Church Yard, and providing additional Burying Ground, for the Parifh of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of Tork.	[16th June 1817.J

Cap. xxxvii.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from Bull's Head Lane, in the Parifh of Mansjield, in the County of Nottingham, to communicate with the Cromford Canal at Pinxton Bajin in the Parifh of Pinxton, in the County of Derby.

[16th June 1817.]

Gap. xxxviii.

•C-I09- An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Parifhes of Norton and Heckingham, in the County of Norfolk ; and for draining certain Lands in the said Parifh of Norton.	[16th	June 1817*]

Cap. xxxix.

An Ad to amend an Ad, palled in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for improving and rendering more commodious such Parts of the County and County of the City of Dublin as are situate on the South Side of the River Anna Lljfey} and Weft

of

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxxix.

683

of His Majefty’s Castle of Dublin ; and for the Appointment of

an Infpedlor of the Preferments and other Accounts of the

County of the City of Dublin.	[i6th June 1817.]

[3lG,2. c. 19. 33G.2-r.15. 7 (r.3. c.7. 21	22	G.3.	r. 17*

23 fcf 24 G. 3. r. 31. 26 G. 3.*:.32.	27	G.	3. r. 43. 30 G. 3*

r. 19. 36 G. 3. r. 54. 39G.3-r. 53. 40 G.3. r.61. Irijh Afts; and 47 G. 3. Sejf.2* ( Z7. if.) r.lxxiv. extended to this Aft, § I.]

II.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That it shall not be lawful Commiffioners

to and for the said Commissioners to take down, remove or make not to remove use of, for any of the Purpofes of this A&, any Mefluages, Houfes Buildings, except or Buildings, other than and except such as are specified, mentioned as in Schedule* and declared in the Schedule hereunto annexed.	»

III.	Provided also, and be it enabled, That it shall and may Mifnomers not be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to take down, alter, to prevent Eoce-remove and make use of any Meffuage, House or other Building, sutionofAdh and to cut into, through, across or over, and make use of the Lands

and Grounds whereon the fame shall be fltuate, for any of the Pur-pofes of the said recited Adis and this Adi, in any such Street, Lane,

Way or Paflage as aforesaid, notwithstanding the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, is or are not mentioned in the Schedule to this Adf, in all cases where it shall appear to any Two or more of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the City and County of the City of Dublin, and be certified by them under their Hands, that the Name or Names of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, hath or have been omitted by Miflake in the said Schedule, or that instead of his, her or their Name or Names, the Name or Names of some other Person or Per-fons hath or have been by Miflake inserted therein ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Members who serve in Members for the Parliament for the County of Dublin for the time being, shall be and County of Dub-become Commissioners for carrying the said recited Acts and this Adi

into Execution, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner, and with such and the like Powers and Authorities, and subject to such and the like Rules, Orders and Directions, as if they had been nominated or appointed by the said recited Adts or any of them.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Suit and Suits Suits may be

at Law or in Equity, which are now carrying on and prolecuting prosecuted or against the said Commissioners, or defended by the said Commissioners rfefencle<J ^ in their own Names, shall and may from and after the palling of	Secre-

this Adi be carried on, prosecuted and defended by the said Com- tary} miflioners in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, or the Person or Persons appointed thereto for the time

being ; and that all Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity, touching or concerning any Contradl or Contradts or Agreements heretofore made or entered into by the said Commissioners, shall be carried on, prosecuted and defended in the Name of such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries for the time being ; and that all such Suits and Proceedings in any Court of Law or Equity, in the Name of such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, shall be as good and efledlual to all Intents and Purpofes as if such Suits and Proceedings had been commeneed, prosecuted and defended, or carried on, in the Name of the said Commissioners

©r

Hosted

684

C. xxxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Suit not to abate by Death or Removal of Clerk or Secretary.

A Certificate by Clerk or Secretary of Orders or Proceedings of Commissioners, conclusive Evidence thereof.

Certificate of Appointment of Clerk, Evidence.

Clerk or Secretary reimbursed.

Premifes situate partly in the County of Dublin and partly in the City, may be valued by cue Jury.

or any of them ; and in case any Bill or Petition shall be filed or exhibited in any Court of Equity against the said Commissioners for Lhe time being, or any of them, or their Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries for the time being, for or on account of any matter or thing by the said Commissioners, or any of them made or done in Execution of the Powers, Authorities, or Trulls heretofore or hereby veiled in them the said Commissioners or any of them, shall not be obliged to answer such Bill or Petition ; but that the Anfwer of such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, to such Bill or Petition, shall be deemed and taken to be the Anfwer of the said Commissioners, and shall be binding upon them to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever ; and in case such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, shall happen to die, or be removed by the said Commissioners, while such Suit or Suits shall be depending, that then and in such case such Suit or Suits shall not abate by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, but shall be carried on and defended in the Name of the succeeding Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, or if more than one, in the Name of the Survivor, and shall Hand to all Intents and Purpofes in the fame State and Condition as it was immediately before the Death or Removal of such former Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries.

VI.	And be it enacted, That on all Indi6lments and Criminal Proceedings in all cases whatever, in all Courts of Law or Equity and before all Magiflrates in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Certificate of any Order, Proceeding, Appointment or other A61 of the said Commissioners, under the Hands and Seal of the Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries of the said Commissioners for the time being, mail, without further Proof, be deemed and taken as conclusive Evidence that such Order, Proceeding, or other A6ls as shall be thereby certified, is the Order, Proceeding, Appointment, or A61 of the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin ; and every such Certificate of the Appointment of their Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, shall be conclusive Evidence in like manner that the Person or Persons so named in such Appointment is the Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries to the said Commissioners.

VII.	Provided always, That every such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, in whose Name any A6lions or Suits shall be prosecuted or defended in pursuance of this A61, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out ol the Money which shall arise from any Rates or Affeffments to be levied under this A61, all such Cofls, Damages, and Expences as by the Event or in consequence of any such A6lion or Proceeding he or they shall pay, bear, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Defendant or Defendants, as aforesaid.

VIII.	And be it ena6led, That in all the cases where the said Commissioners or their Succeffors shall think it necessary to pur-chafe any Grounds, Houses, Buildings, or Premises, Part whereof shall be situate in the County of Dublin, and other Part whereof shall be situate in the County of the City of Dublin, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or their Succeffors to cause such Premises, whether situate in the County or County of the City of Dublin aforesaid, to be valued by one and the fame Jury, they

the

Hosted

A.D.181

57° GEO. III.

C. xxxix.

685

the laid Commissioners or their Succeffors causing 8ix of the Jurors to be impannelled and sworn for such Valuation to be Men of the County of Dublin> and the other Six of such Juries to be Men of the County of the City of Dublin ; and that all and every the Powers and Authorities veiled in the said Commissioners by any former Acts, touching or concerning any Valuation or Valuations by a Jury, ffiall and may extend and be conllrued to extend to all Valuations to be made in pursuance of this A<5t.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That this AS shall be deemed and Public Aft. taken to be a Public A61, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which the A£l refers.

Defcription of Premiles.	Where fitwate.	Owners.	Occupiers. 1

A Dwelling House ^	No. 57, Fifhamble 7	Joleph Smith, Efq. Reprel'en- 7	Thomas Perry.

	Street 3	tative of Patience Fuite - 3	Judith M‘Cann.

Two Dwelling Houfes ^	58 and 59, fame 7 Street - 3	Berkley Buckingham Smyth / Stafford, a Minor _ £	Charles O’Neil.

A Dwelling House and ? Warehoufe - \	60, fame Street ^	Thomas Murphy, Elizabeth 7 White, Earl of Moira - 5	William O(borne.

A Dwelling House and 7 Premifes - - f	No. 17, Skinner Row	Abraham Mafon	Martin Harney.

A Dwelling Houfe	18, fame Street	Ambrofe Boxwell	Ambrofe Boxwell.

A Dwelling Houfe	19, fame Street	Affignees of John Tudor ^	Terence  O’Loughlin.

A Dwelling Houfe	20, fame Street	Ditto ditto	Edward Murphy.

A Dwelling Houfe	21, lame Street	Ditto ditto	Unoccupied.

A Dwelling Houfe	22, fame Street ^	John Hudfon, the Alfignees of 7 John Tudor - -3	Jofeph Malone.

A Dwelling Houfe	23, fame Street	Aflignees of John Tudor	Unoccupied.

Three Dwelling Houfes ^	24,25,26, fame 7 Street - 3	Dean and Chapter of Christ 7 Church - - - 5	Unoccupied.

A Dwelling Houfe	27, fame Street	George Harrifou	John Thorpe.

A Dwelling Houfe	28, fame Street	Richard Folds, Jefeph Ducket -	Stephen Strech.

A Dwelling Houfe	29, fame Street ^	Robert Mulock, Sir Compton 7 Domville, Bart. - - 3	John Wright.

A Dwelling Houfe	30, fame Street ^	Bernard Campfie, Jane Had- 7 dock, the Dean and Chapter >	Matthew Tom-

		of Christ Church - - 3	mm.

A Dwelling Houfe	31, fame Street^	Thomas Gilchrist, Jane Had--! dock, Dean and Chapter of>	Thomas Fair-brother.

		Chrift Church - - j	

A Dwelling Houfe	32, fame Street	Sir Compton Domville, Bart.	Bridget Perry.

A Dwelling Houfe	33, fame Street jj	Hickman Blaney Molefworth,7 Archdeacon King - - 3	George Friend.

A Dwelling Houfe	34, fame Street ^	John Hynes, Dean and Chapter 7 of Christ Church - - 3	John Hynes.

A Dwelling Houfe	35, fame Street ^	Dean and Chapter of Christ 7 Church - - 3	Unoccupied.

A Dwelling Houfe	36, fame Street	Ditto ditto	• Unoccupied.

Three ruinous Houfes < c	No. 1, 2,3, Christ 7 Church Yard £	Ditto ditto	■ Unoccupied.

A Dwelling Houfe	9, fame Street ^	George Dowdall, the Dean and 7 Chapter of Christ Church $	John Bate.

A Dwelling Houfe	10, fame Street	Robert Wilhams, William Hall • Robert Wilhams, William Hall •	■ John Riordan.

A Dwelling Houfe	11, fame Street		- Unoccupied.

Hosted

686

C. xxxix,

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

SCHEDULE—continued.

Defcription of Premifes.	Where situate.	Owners.	Occupiers.

Two Dwelling Houfes ^	No. 12 and i2|-, 7 fame Street 3	William Hall	Charles O’Neil.

Two Dwelling Houfes |	13 and 14, fame 7 Street $	Rev. John Gorges	Patrick Kirk.

A Dwelling Houfe	15, fame Street	Ditto ditto	Mary Petit.

A Dwelling Houle	16, fame Street ^	Dean and Chapter of Christ 7 Church - - J	Jane Bell.

	r	William Collins, Dean and *7	

A Dwelling Houfe	No. 47, Kevin Street <	Chapter of St. Patrick’s V Cathedral - .j	David Drifcoll.

A Dwelling Houfe	48, fame Street	Ditto ditto - -	Jofeph O’Brien.

A Dwelling Houfe	49, fame Street	Ditto ditto -	George Cluefs.

A Dwelling House |	No. 7, St. Patrick’s f South Clofe 2	Vicars Choral of St. Patrick’s 7 Cathedral - - - 5	William Collins.

A Dwelling Houfe	6 j fame Street	Ditto ditto - - ^	Mr. Thomas Bourne.

A Dwelling Houfe	5, fame Street	Ditto ditto - -	William Maguire.

Four small Dwelling \	No. 1, 2, 3, 4, Mitre J	Thomas Mathews, VicarsCho-7	William Collins.

Houfes - \	Alley - 2	ml of St. Patrick’s Cathedral 5	

A Dwelling Houfe	5, fame - ^	Vicars Choral of St. Patrick’s 7 Cathedral - - 5	Unoccupied.

A Dwelling Houfe	No. 5^, fame	Vicars Choral of St. Patrick’s	Unoccupied.

A Dwelling Houfe	6, fame - ^	James Lyons, Vicars Choral of 7 St. Patrick’s Cathedral - 3	Darby Brien.

A Dwelling Houfe	7, fame - J  c	Thomas Mathews, Vicars Cho- 7 ral of St. Patrick’s Cathedral J Aflignees of William Egan, a}	Charles Smyth.

A Dwelling Houfe	St. Patrick Street •<	Bankrupt, Bridget Doyle,f Richard Corballes, Arch-t"	John Lynch.

	i	deacon of Dublin - - j	

A Yard	Same Street	Ditto ditto -	Edward Kelly.

A Dwelling Houfe	Same Street  c	Ditto ditto -Michael Frayne, Francis Han-}	Edward Downey.

A Dwelling Houfe	57, fame Street? <	na, Petty Canons of St. Pa-> trick’s Cathedral - .J	Thomas Codd.

	C	John Byrne, Francis Hanna,}	

A Dwelling Houfe	58, fame Street 4	Petty Canons of St. Patrick's C Cathedral - - -j	James Towers.

Two Dwelling Houfes ^	59 and 60, fame f Street - 2	Dean and Chapter of St. Pa- 7 trick’s Cathedral - - J	Mary Gorman.

A Dwelling House and > Warehoufe )	36, Bride Street ^	Edward Constable, Petty Ca-7 nons of Patrick’s Cathedral 5	Win. Robinson.

A Dwelling Houfe	37, fame Street	Ditto ditto -	Unoccupied.

A Dwelling Houfe	1, Cannon Street	Ditto ditto	Robert Tomkins.

A Dwelling Houfe	2, fame Street	Ditto ditto -	James Towers.

A Dwelling Houfe	3, fame Street	Ditto ditto -	James Towers.

Two Dwelling Houfes ^	4 and 5, fame ? Street - £	Ditto ditto -	Alex. Copeland.

A Dwelling Houfe	6, fame Street	Ditto ditto -	James Towers.

A Market House for? the Sale of Corn £	St Thomas Street	Corporation of the City of Dublin	

Cap.

57° GEO. III.

C. xl.

G87

Cap. xl.

An Adt for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers granted to the Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Wefminfer ; and for extending the Limits of their Office to the Pariffi of Saint Luke Chelsea.	[l6th June 18x7.]

WHEREAS an Adt was passed in the Twenty sixth Year of 26 G. 3. c. 108.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for explaining, amending and reducing into one AB of Parliament the federal ABs paffedfor more ejfeBually preventing the Frauds and Ahufes committed in the Admeafurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le bone, and such Part of the Parifo of Saint * Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex : And Where- 36 G. 3- c- 61. as another Aft was passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB for further continuing and amending the several ABs passed for preventing the Frauds and Abufes committed in the Admeafurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary le bone, and such Part of the Parifj of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex : And Where- 42 G.3.C. hxxix. as another Adt was passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB to remove Doubts as to certain ABs relating to the Admeafurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent; and to revive and continue an AB passed in the Twenty sixth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admeafurement of Goals within the Limits aforesaid, and to indemnify all Persons who have aBed in pur-fiance of any of the Provifions of the said AB : And Whereas, by virtue of the first of the said recited Adts, an Office was eftabliftied within the City and Liberty of Wefminfer, called by the Name of ‘ the Land Coal Meter's Office for the City and Liberty of Wef-minfer, to be managed by such Two Persons as ffiould be nominated and appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors ; which Two Persons should be called by the Title of 4 The Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Wefminfer,’ and continued by the last of the said recited Adts until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas, by Letters Patent under the Privy Seal of His present Majesty, respectively bearing Date the Third Day of March in * the Thirty eighth Year of His Reign,-and the Twenty third Day 4 of December, in the Forty seventh Year of His Reign, His said Ma-4 jefty granted to John Baker of Northumberland Street, Wefminfer,

6 Gentleman, and Alexander Tulloch of Saint Albans Street, Wef -‘ minfer, Gentleman, the said Land Coal Meter's Office for the City c and Liberty of Wefminfer, and nominated and appointed them the 4 Principal Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Wef minfer,

4 during His Royal Will and Pleafure : And Whereas by an Adt 47 G.3. SefT. 2.

4 passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- C**XV,M-i jefty> intituled An AB for repealing the several ABs for regulating

4 the

Hosted

688

C-xl.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181/-

6 the Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities of London and 4 Westminster, and Liberties thereof and in certain Parts of the Coun-

<	ties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and EfTex, and for making better 4 Provifion for the fame> the several A<fts of Parliament hereinbefore

*	referred to were repealed, and other Provifions and Regulations

*	were made for preventing Frauds and Abufes in the Admeafure-

*	ment and Delivery of Coals within the Limits in the said A£t ‘ mentioned ; and by the said Aft it was enatted, that the said John. 4 Baker and Alexander Tullochytht Two Persons then last nominated

*	and appointed by His said present Majesty, and then holding and 4 exercising the Office of Principal Land Coal Meters for the City*

*	of Westminster, ffiould remain and continue such Principal Land 6 Coal Meters for the Purpofe of admeafuring Coals within the 6 City and Liberty of Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy e of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several Pariffies of Saint 4 Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le bone, and for such Part of the 4 Parifh of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middle-

*	fexy and for other Purpofes mentioned in the said A6t, save and ex-4 cept he or they ffiould die or be removed from such Office or ‘ Offices by His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, which Removal 4 Plis Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, are thereby empowered to 6 make, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight

*	hundred and seventeen, and from thence to the End of the then i next Session of Parliament : And Whereas the Regulations con-

*	tained in the said recited A£t have been found very beneficial c to the Confumers of Coals within the Limits therein com-

*	prifed : And Whereas the Term for which the said John Baker 4 and Alexander Tulloch were continued Principal Land Coal Meters 6 as aforesaid hath nearly expired, and His Majesty has been gra-

*	cioufly pleased that the fame ffiould be renewed in Manner herein-4 after mentioned : And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the ‘ said Principal Coal Meters have the Power of suspending or dif-

*	miffing the labouring Land Coal Meters appointed by them by

*	virtue of the said recited A& ; and it is therefore expedient that

*	fuch Power ffiould be expressly given to them: And Whereas by

*	the said recited A£t of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His .56 G.3. c.xxi. c present Majesty, and by an A6t made in the Fifty sixth Year of

‘ the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB for preventing 4 Frauds in the Admeafurement and Delivery of Coals within the 4 several Parijhes in the County of Middlesex lying between the f Parifh of Saint Luke Chelsea and the Mouth of the River Colne

*	near Staines ; and also between Limehoufe Hole and the Mouth of 1 the River Lee near Blackwall; and also within the several Parjhes

*	in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, adjoining to both Banks of

*	the River Lee and the Branches thereof between the River Thames

*	and Edmonton, Regulations have been made for preventing Frauds 4 in the Admeafurement and Delivery of Coals in all the Places ad-4 joining the River Thames between the Mouth of the River Lee 4 near Blackwall and the Mouth of the River Colne near Staines, ex-

<	cepting only the said Pariffi of Saint Luke Chelsea : And Whereas,

4 since the Eftabliffiment of the Land Coal Meter’s Office for the 4 City and Liberty of Westminster, the said Pariffi of Saint Luke

*	6 CheVea hath greatly increased in Population and Buildings, and

( the Houfes and Streets therein adjoin to and communicate with

4 certain

57° GEO. III.

a xi.

<	certain Parts of the City and Liberty of Wefminfer : And c Whereas the Provifions of the said ACt of the Forty seventh Year

<	of His present Majesty are liable to be greatly evaded by carrying c Coals landed in the said Parifh of Saint Luke Chelsea into the City 6 and Liberty of Wefminfer ; and it is apprehended that if the Re-

*	gulations contained in the said recited ACt of the Forty feventh

*	Year of the Reign of His present Majesty were extended to the c said Parifh of Saint Luke Chelsea, they would be of great Benefit

*	to the Inhabitants of the said Parifh, and would prevent the PrO-c visions of the said A Cl of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign ‘ of His present Majesty from being evaded : And Whereas, in confe-6 quence of the immediate Vicinity of the said Parifh of Saint Luke 1 Chelsea to the said City and Liberty of IVefminfer, the said Parifh

*	of Saint Luke Chelsea might with peculiar Convenience be com-1 prised within the Limits of the said Land Coal Meter’s Office c for the City and Liberty of Wefminfer .*’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That from and after the palling of this ACt the said Land Coal Land Coal Meter’s Office for the City and Liberty of Wefminfer shall be Meter’s Office deemed and taken to be the Principal Land Coal Meter’s Office, f°r not only for the said City and Liberty of Wefminfer, and for that principal Office*8 Part of the Duchy of Lancafer adjoining thereto, and for the said for Chelsea. several Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone> and such Part of the said Parifh of Saint Andrew Holhorn as lies in the County of Middlefexy but also for the said Pari ill of Saint Luke Chelsea: Provided always, that in addition to the Land Coal Meter’s Office already established under the said recited Ads in and for the City and Liberty of Wefminfer, there shall be an Office to be situated in the Parifh of Saint Luke Chelsea, for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants thereof.

II. And be it further enabled, That from and after the palling Regulations of of this ACt, all the Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, 47 G- 3- SefT. i. Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in c.lxvni. extended the said recited ACt of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His t0 e ea* present Majesty contained concerning the City and Liberty of Wef -mirfer and that Part of the Duchy of Lancafer adjoining thereto, and the said several Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le bone, and such Part of the Parifh of Saint Andrew Holhorn as lies in the County of Middlesex, or concerning the Land Coal Meter’s Office for the said City and Liberty of Wefminfer, or the principal or labouring Coal Meters belonging to the fame ; or concerning the Admeasurement, Sale, or Delivery of Coals, or the Sums of Money to be paid for admeafuring Coals, or the storing or ware-houfing of Coals, or any other ACt, matter or thing wbatfoever to be done under the Provifions of the said ACt, within the fame City and Liberty, Places and Parifhes, shall extend and be con-ftrued to extend to the Parifh of Saint Luke Chelsea, and shall operate and be in force, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this ACt, as fully and efFe&ually to all Intents and Purpofes whatever as if the said Parifh of Saint Luke Chelsea had been originally included and specified in the said several recited ACts, and comprised 57 Geo. III.	Y	y	within

Hosted

69 0

C.xl.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

within the Limits of the said L&nd Coal Meter’s Office for the City and Liberty of Wejlminjler> and as if the laid Pariffi of Saint Luke Chelsea had been specified with the said several Pariffies in the said lad recited Ad mentioned, in all Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Diredions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in the said Ad specified, and in all Forms directed to be used thereby, together with the Names of the said City and Liberty of Westminster and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Pariffies of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le hone, and such Part of the Pariffi of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, when and so often as the fame Names occur therein, and as if the Title of this Ad were inserted in addition to the Title of the said recited Ad, in all Forms directed to be used by the said Ad, in which the Title of the said recited Ad is directed to be inserted, and as if the fame respectively were severally and separately reenaded in this Ad, in relation to the said Pariffi.

Tohri Baker and III. And be it further enacted, That the said John Baker and loch*to be Prin" -Alexander Tulloch, the Two Persons nominated by His said present cipal Land Coal Majesty, and now holding and exercising the Office of Principal Meters for Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, ffiall 'Weftminfter>&c. remain and continue and are hereby appointed such Principal Land and Chelsea (un- Coal Meters for the Purpofe of admeafuring Coals within the City the&further*Term an^ liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster of 14 Years. adjoining thereto, and in the several Pariffies of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le lone, and such Part of the Pariffi of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex,and also within the said Pariffi of Saint Luke Chelsea, and for other the Purpofes in the said recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Ad mentioned or referred to, (fave and except they or either of them ffiall die or be removed from such Office or Offices, by His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, which Removal His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors, is and are ffiereby empowered to make,) from the Expiration of the Term limited by the said recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for and during the further Term of Fourteen Years, aod from thence to the End of the then next Seffipn of Parliament.

His Majesty to IV. And be it further enacted, That in case, and when and as lTodCoalnCoften as the said John Baker and Alexander Tulloch, or either of Meters upon	them, or any other Principal Land Coal Meter to be from time to

any Vacancy.	time appointed for the Purpofes of the said recited Ad of the Forty

seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ffiall be removed from his Office, or the time limited for the Execution of such Office ffiall expire, or ffiall die, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, then it ffiall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, to nominate and appoint the fame, or any other Person or Persons, as the case may happen, to be Principal Land Coal Meter, in the Room or Stead of such Principal Land Coal Meter, who ffiall be so removed, or whose time limited for the Execution of his Office ffiall expire, or who ffiall die or become incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, and so toties quoties, as often as any fu^h case ffiall happen.

V, And

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

C.xL

691

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Principal Land Coal Meters for the time being for the City and Liberty of Wejlminjler> and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the said several Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary le bone9 and such Part of the Parifh of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, and the said Parifh of Saint Luke Chelsea, or either of them, may, from time to time, suspend or dismiss the Labouring Land Coal Meters appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said recited A6t of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this A 61, as and when they or he shall in their or his Difcretion think fit.

VI.	Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enabled, That from and after the palling of this A61 it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commifiioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to make such Rules and Regulations, for better fe-curing to the Public a just Quantity and Quality of Coals, as he or they shall deem proper ; and also to suspend or dismiss any Principal Land Coal Meters, or Labouring Land Coal Meters, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said recited A 61 of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this A6t, as and when he or they shall in his or their Difcretion think fit; and also, that it shall and may be lawful for such Lord High Treasurer or Commifiioners, as the case may be, to appoint from time to time such or so many other fit and proper Persons as he or they may deem sufficient and necefiary to perform and execute, or afiift in performing and executing, the several Duties required to be performed and executed by the said recited A6t of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by the Regulations of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commifiioners, by the Principal Land Coal Meters, or Labouring Land Coal Meters, with such Salaries as shall be ordered and appointed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commifiioners, to be paid out of the Monies which shall be lawfully collected under the said recited A.61, at the Office of the Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le hone, and such Part of the Parifh of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, and also for the said Parifh of Saint Luke Chelsea ; and that neither the said John Baker and Alexander Tullochy or any other Principal Land Coal Meter to be appointed under or by virtue of this A<ft as aforesaid, shall have any Power or Authority to remove or dismiss any of the Persons so appointed by the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of the Commifiioners appointed to execute that Office, unless expressly authorized so to do by such Lord High TYeafurer Gr Commifiioners.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That this Adi shall be deemed and taken to be a Public A£t, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without beinsr specially pleaded.

Y y 2	Cap>

Principal Land Coal Meters may suspend or dismiss labouring Meters.

Treasury may make Regulations, and remove, Sec. Principal and other Meters, &c.

and appoint others, and also Salaries.

Principal Meter not to remove those appointed by Treasury, unless authorized so to do.

Public Aft.

Hosted

692

C. xli—xliv.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

06 G.3. c.78.

Recited Aft repealed.

Public Aft.

41 G. 3. c. xcvii.

13 G. 3.c,m, 22 G.3. c.89.

Cap. xli.

An A£t for lighting the City and Suburbs of Glafgoiv with Gas, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[16th	June	1817.]

Cap. xlii.

An Adt to repeal an A£t made in the last Sefiion of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeafurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parifhes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent.	[16th	June	1817.]

‘ WHEREAS by an A& passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the

*	VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for pre-

*	venting Frauds in the Admeafurement and Delivery of Coals c within the several Parifhes lying contiguous to the Water Side in 1 the County of Kent, a certain Principal Land Coal Meter was ap-4 pointed for executing the Provifions thereof, which said Principal 4 Land Coal Meter was thereby directed and required, from time to 4 time, to nominate and appoint a sufficient Number of labouring 4 Land Coal Meters for the Admeafurement of Coals fold within the 4 several Parifhes of Saint Paul and Saint Nicholas Deptford, Saint 4 Alphege Greenwich^ Saint Joule's Charlton next Woolwich, Saint 4 Mary Woolwich, Plumjlead, Frith, Dartford, Stone, Swainfcombe%

4 Northfleet, Gravesend and Milton next Gravesend, in the Town of ‘ Gravesend, and the Parifh of Denton, lying contiguous to or ad*

*	joining the Water Side, in the said County of Kent; and certain 4 Regulations were thereby made refpedfing the Vend and Delivery c of Coals fold within the fame respectively : And Whereas the Re-

*	gulations of the aforesaid A£t have not been found to be beneficial, ‘ but, on the contrary thereof, have been and are inconvenient and

*	burthenfome to the Inhabitants of the said Parifhes, and ought to 6 be repealed :y May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said A61 shall be, and the fame A£t is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

II. And be it further ena<5ted, That this A£t shall be deemed and taken to be a Public A£t, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xliii.

An A61 to continue and amend an A6t made in the Forty fecoind Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Caufe-way Head near Stirling, through the County of Clackmannan, towards Queen's Ferry, and certain Roads branching out of the fame. (c)	[16th	June	1817.3

Cap. xliv.

An A61 for enlarging the Term and Powers of several A6ts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads leading from Truro,

and

Hosted

and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Corn-wall; and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the Ri ver there, (c)	[16th	June	1817.3

Cap. xl'v.

An Aft for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from or near the Town of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Wejlmoreland, to Middleton Bridge, in the Parifh of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York, with a Branch from or near Chapel Hoife to Egglejlon Bridge, in the fame Parifh. (<z)

v	[16th	June iSty.J

Cap. xlvi.

An Aft for continuing f and amending an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stamford, in the County of Lin-coin, through Oakham, to the Great North Road, in the Parifh of Greetham, in the County of RutlandI. (a)	[16th	June 1817.]

[Additional Trujlees.^	f	[No	Term	mentioned, vide § 1. 26.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Aft for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Townfhip of Manchester to Newton Chapel, in the Townfhip of Newton, with a Branch to the River Medlock, in the Townfhip of Droylfden, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (c)

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xlviii..

An Aft for shutting up and discontinuing a certain Way or Paffage called Old Paris Garden Lane, situate in the Parifh of Chrijl Church in the County of Surrey, and for felling and disposing of the Ground and Soil thereof.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xlix.

An Aft to continue an Aft, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, and for repealing the several Laws theretofore made relating to the laid Road.	[16th	June	1817.3

Cap. 1.

An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Aft of His present Majesty, for keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Burnley, in the said County ; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith, (r)

[16th June 1817.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted.]

Yy 3

Cap0

69 3

in part repealed, § ;•

42 G. 3. c.iv.

35 G-3* c.i5*.

33G.3.C.90.

35 G. 3. (I.) c- 43. Term to cease, and, together with this Adt, thenceforth continued for 31 Years, &c.

45 g-3- c.43-recited.

38 G. 3. c.U.

Hosted

694

C. li—lviii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

36 G 3. c. 134* repealed as to Turnpike Roads.

13 G.3. c.98. 35 G. 3 c. 165.

33 & 14 G03. (1.) c.46.

40 G 3. (L) c, 37, recited.

li.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Quebec in the Pari Hi of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Homefield Lane End in the fame Parifh, with a Bridge or Bridges on the Line of such Road. (b.)	[16th June 1817.]

[_Royal Family exempt.]

Cap. lii.

An ACt for more effectually repairing the Road from the Bridge of Dee, southward, through the County of Kincardine, to Stonehaven, and from thence, by Inverbervie and by Laurencekirk, to the Lower and Upper Bridges over the River North EJk, and for making and repairing other Roads in the, said County, (b)

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. liib

Aw ACt for settling the Right of Patronage or Prefentation of or to a Chapel to be called Stanjled Chapel, in the Parifh of Stoughton in the County of Sujfex.	[20th June 1817.]

Cap. liv„

An ACt for making and maintaining aTurnpike Road from the Town of Crovuland, in the County of Lincoln^ to the Town of Eyey in the County of Northampton. (a)	[20th June 1817.]]

Cap. lv.

An ACt to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two ACts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road" from Wrotbam Heath to Foots Cray, and from Wroth am Heath to Maidjloney in the County of Kent; and the Road from the said Road into the Turnpike Road from Mere*worth to Hadlo<w in the said County, (c)	[20th June 1817.}

£.Additional Trujlees.']

Cap. lvi.

An ACt for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian Road, near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling.

[27th June 1817.3

Cap. Ivii.

An ACt for giving further Powers to the President and Afiiftants of the Charitable Society of the Town of Belfajl, in the County of Antrim, to supply the said Town with Water, and to improve their Eftates.	[27th	June 1817.]

Cap. lviii.

An ACt for building a Bridge across the River Irwell, from Water Street in the Town ship of Salford, to Saint Mary’s Gate in the Townfhip of Manchester, all in the County of Lancaster; and for making proper Avenues thereto;	[27th	June 1817.]

Cap.

Hosted

C. lix, lx.

695

Cap. lix.

An A& for granting further Powers for improving the Town of Great Rolton, in the CouDty of Lancaster.	[27th June	1817.]

Cap. lx.

An A& for granting an Equivalent for the Diminution of the Profits of the Office of Gauger of the City of London, and inereafing the Payments to be made by Brokers.	[27th	June	1817.]

4 WJ HEREAS by Letters Patent, bearing Date the Twentieth 4 VV Day of June, in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His ‘ Majesty King Edward the Fourth, in Confideration of the Sum of 4 Seven thousand Pounds, Part of the Monies then owing by His 4 said Majesty to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the 4 City of London, His said Majesty did grant to the said Mayor and 4 Commonalty and Citizens, and their SuccefTors, (among other 4 things therein mentioned,) the Office of Gauger within the City of 4 London : And Whereas the said Grant was afterwards confirmed * by certain other Letters Patent, respectively bearing Date the 4 Eighteenth Day of Ottober, in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of 4 King Charles the Fir ft, and the Twenty fourth Day of June, in the 4 Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second: And 4 Whereas until the Completion of the Docks authorized to be made 4 by certain Acts of Parliament made and palled in the Thirty ninth 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Thirty ninth 4 and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, 4 which are respectively called the Wejl India Docks, and the London 4 Docks, the Gaugeable Liquors imported into London were accuf-4 tomed to be landed within the said City, and the Gauger appointed 4 as the Deputy of the Lord Mayor of the said City was accustomed 4 to gauge such Liquors by virtue of the Grant contained in the 4 aforesaid Letters Patent, and the said Mayor and Commonalty and 4 Citizens received Profits and Revenues to a confiderable Amount 4 in refpedf thereof: And Whereas, upon the Alienation of the 4 Office of Deputy Gauger by Anthony Harrifon Esquire, (who 4 succeeded his Father therein, and had held the Situation Twenty 4 three Years and upwards,) in Favour of his Brother Nicholas Bacom 4 Harrifon Esquire, the said Nicholas Bacon Harrifon, on the 4 Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fix, was-4 duly appointed to the said Office of Deputy Gauger, under the 6 yearly Rent of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds: And Whereas 4 previous to the Appointment of the said Nicholas Bacon Harrifonr 4 the said Office of Gauger had been exercised for upwards of a 4 Century all over the Port, of London, and it was considered that he 4 would have the Right of gauging in the said Docks ; and in con-4 sequence of the London Dock Company having disputed that Right,

4 the Queftion was tried in His Majefty>s Court of King's Bench,

4 in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, when such 4 Right was confirmed by the Verdift of the Jury ; but upon a new 4 Trial at Bar in the said Court of King's Bench, in the Year One 4 thousand eight hundred and nine, granted upon the Application of 4 the said Dock Company, it was determined that the Right of 4 guaging did not extend to the Scites of the said Docks c And

Y y 4?	4	Whereas

3a G. 3. C. 71. recited.

Letters Patent dated 2Cth June, 18 Ed. 4. granting the Office of Gauger in London, confirmed by Letters Pa* tent, 1 8th 0<5L 14 Car. 1. and 24th J une,.

16 Car. 2.

39 G. 3. c. lx in 39 sc 40 a 3. c. xlvii.

69 6

C. lx.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

1 Whereas the said Ads of Parliament require the greater Part of 6 the Liquors imported into London to be landed in the said Docks,

4 and in consequence thereof the said Deputy Gauger, and the said 4 Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, have sustained confiderable * Lofs From the Diminution of the Profits of the said Office of < Gauger within the said City of London : And Whereas the said 4 Nicholas Bacon Harrifon departed this Life on the Twenty third 4 Day of January One thousand eight hundred and feventeen-, and 4 Letters of Adminiftration with his Will annexed have been granted 4 to Charles Church out of the Prerogative Court of the Archbifhop 4 of Canterbury : And Whereas it is just and expedient that some c Compenfation should be made to the said Adminiftrator of the c said Nicholas Bacon Harrifon, and to the said Mayor and Com-4 monalty and Citizens for the Diminution of the Profits of the said 6 Ann. c. i6.	4 Office : And Whereas by an A61 made and passed in the Sixth Year

4 of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An A8 for 4 repealing the Aft of the First Tear of King James the First, intituled 4 4 An Aft for the well garbling of Spices, and for granting an Equi-4 valent to the City of London, by admitting Brokers f after reciting 4 that the Office of Garbler was Part of the Revenues of the City 4 of London, and was then let by Leafe to William Stewart, under 4 the Rent of Three hundred Pounds per Annum, the Profits of 4 which Office and the Right of the said William Stewart to the 4 fame, by repealing the said A61, would be very much diminiftied 4 it was ena6ted, that from and after the Determination of the then 4 Session of Parliament, all Persons that {hould act as Brokers. 4 within the City of London and Liberties thereof, should from time 4 to time be admitted so to do by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen 4 of the said City for the time being, under such Reftri6tions and 4 Limitations for their honest and good Behaviour as that Court 4 should think fit and reasonable, and should upon such their Admiffion 4 pay to the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, for 4 the Ufes therein and hereinafter mentioned, the Sum of Forty 4 Shillings ; and should also yearly pay to the said Ufes the Sum [of 4 Forty Shillings upon the Twenty ninth Day of September in every 4 Year ; all which Monies should in the first Place be applied for 4 and towards the paying and satisfying to the said William Stewart 4 the Sum of Nine hundred and sixty seven Pounds Ten Shillings, 4 for a Compenfation for his Intereft in the said Office; and that 4 from and after the full Payment of the said Sum of Nine hundred 4 and sixty seven Pounds Ten Shillings to the said William Stewart, 4 all the Monies arising by such Admiffions and yearly Payments 4 should go to and be enjoyed by the said Mayor and Commonalty 4 and Citizens of the City of London; and it was further enacted, 4 that if any Person or Persons, from and after the Determination of 4 the said then present Seffions of Parliament, should take upon'him 4 to act as a Broker, or employ any other under him to a St as such 4 Within the said City and Liberties, not being admitted as aforesaid, 4 every such Person so offending should forfeit and pay to the Ufe 4 of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, 4 for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds, to be 4 recovered in manner therein mentioned : And Whereas a Compen-4 fation may be made to the said Adminiftrator of the said Nicholas 4 Bacon Harrifon, and to the said Mayor and Commonalty and

4 Citizens,

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.lx.

697

c Citizens, for the Lofs sustained by them respectively in consequence ‘ of the Diminution of the Profits of the said Office of Gauger, by

*	increafing the Sums of Money to be paid by Persons hereafter to 1 be admitted to act as Brokers within the said City of London and « Liberties thereof as aforesaid ; and it is expedient that the Penalty

*	impofed upon Persons who shall act as Brokers, not being duly

*	admitted as aforesaid, should be increased May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majessy, by and with the* Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all Persons that from and after the Firfl Day of July next after the passing of this Adi shall be admitted to act as Brokers within the City of London and Liberties thereof by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City for the Time being, in pursuance of the said recited Adi of Parliament, shall upon such their Admission, over and above the Sum of Forty Shillings required to be paid by the said recited Adi, pay to the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being the Sum of Three Pounds, and shall also yearly pay to the said Chamberlain, over and above the yearly Sum of Forty Shillings required to be paid by the said recited Adi, the Sum of Three Pounds, on the Twenty ninth Day of September in every Year; all which Monies shall go to and be enjoyed by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, subject to the Payment of such Compenfation to the Adminiflrator of the said Nicholas Bacon Harrifon, for the Lofs fullained by him in the Diminution of the Profits of his said Office as aforesaid, either in a gross Sum of Money, or by annual Sums for any Number of Years, as shall be agreed upon between the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the said Adminiflrator of the said Nicholas Bacon Harrifon.

II.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Adi as imposes a Penalty of Twenty five Pounds upon any Person who shall take upon him to act as a Broker, or employ any Person under him to act as such, not being admitted in pursuance of the said recited Adl, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that from and after the passing of this Adl, if any Person shall take upon him to act as a Broker, or employ, or cause, permit or suffer any Person or Persons to be employed with, under or for him to act as such within the said City and Liberties, not being admitted in pursuance of the said recited Adl, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay to the Ufe of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Adlion of Debt, in the Name of the Chamberlain of the said City, in any of His Majefly's Courts of Record, in which no Protedlion, Effoign or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than One Imparlance.

III.	And be it further enacted, That this Adl shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Adl, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Brokers admitted after July i, to pay the additional Sums herein mentioned.

6 Ann. c. 16. § S' repealed.

Brokers aft inn without Admiffion.

Pf fb L/V\ O *

Penalty.

Public Aft.

Cap,

Hosted

C\ lxi, lxii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

69 S

Cap, lxi.

An ACt to enable Peltro William Tomkins of New Bond Street, ill the City of Westminster, Engraver to the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, and the Leafe of the Premifes called The British Gallery of Pictures, by way of Lottery.	[27th June 1817.]

Cap, lxii.

An A£t to amend Two ACts for maintaining and improving the Commercial Docks in the Parifh of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey,	[7th July 1817.]

50	G. 3. c.ccvii. 4 '\T7HEREAS an ACt was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the

c VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for main-c taining and improving the Docks and Warehoufes called The Com-c mercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other Docks and c Warehoufes to communicate therewith, all in the Parifh of Saint 4 Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey : And Whereas by the 4 said ACt the several Persons therein named, with other Persons 4 therein described, were created a Joint Stock Company, by the

*	Name of 4 The Commercial Dock Company,' for the Purpofe of

*	maintaining and improving a certain Dock formerly called Green-4 land Dock, and other Docks and Premifes adjoining thereto, 4 and making other Docks, Timber Ponds, Sluices, Outlets, and e other Works, necessary for the Accommodation of Veffels laden 4 with Timber and other Articles in the said ACt mentioned : And

*	Whereas by the said ACt the said Company were authorized to 4 raise and contribute among themselves for the Purpofes fet forth 4 in the said ACt, in addition to the Shares then already created or 4 Sums then already subscribed for, a further Sum not exceeding the 4 Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds ; which additional 4 Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, together with the 4 Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds then already fub-4 scribed for, it was thereby enacted should form One Joint Capital 4 Stock of the said Company : And Whereas the whole of the 4 original Subfcriptions of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds,

4 and also the whole of the further Sum of One hundred and thirty 4 thousand Pounds authorized to be raised by the said ACt, have been 4 raised and expended towards the Purpofes of the said ACt, in the 4 Purchafe of the said Docks and other Premises, and in making

*	other Docks and Timber Ponds for the Reception and Difcharge 4 of Timber Ships, and the Admifiion and Storing of Timber, Deal, c and other Wood Goods, and in making Warehoufes and other 4 Works, and rendering the Premifes lit and proper for the ware-4 housing and bonding of Timber and other Wood Goods, and 4 affording Security to His Majesty*s Revenue : And Whereas

51	G.3. c. Ixvi. 4 another ACt was passed in the Fifty-firft Year of the Reign of His

4 present Majesty, intituled An Aft to amend and render more effectual 4 an AEl of His present Majesty, for maintaining and improving the 4 Docks and Warehoufes called The. Commercial Docks, in the Parifh 4 of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, andfor extending 4 the Powers of the said Aft : And Whereas by the said last recited

11	4	ACt

A*D. 1817«

57° GEO, III.

C. Ixii.

699

4 A£l the said Company were authorized to raise and contribute 4 among themselves, for the Purpofe of improving, completing and 4 maintaining the Docks, Feeders, Aquedudls, Entrances, Ways,

4 Roads, Bridges, Offices, Sluices, Wharfs, Warehoufes and Works 4 then already made or to be made in pursuance or by authority of 4 the said Afts, the further Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand 4 Pounds, by the Creation of Two thousand six hundred additional 4 Shares of Fifty Pounds each ; and which additional Sum of One 4 hundred and thirty thousand Pounds allowed to be railed under the 4 said last recited A£t, upon Two thousand six hundred Shares, and * the Shares then already subscribed for, making in the whole Three 4 hundred and ninety thousand Pounds, it was thereby enacted,

4 should make One Joint Capital Stock of the said Company : And 4 Whereas the said Company have railed the Sum of Forty thousand 4 Pounds, Part of the said Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand 4 Pounds authorized to be raised as aforesaid, by the Creation of 4 Eight hundred new Shares of Fifty Pounds each, and have expended 4 the Monies so raised for the Purpofes of the said A£ls, and in e rendering their Docks, Ponds, Works, and Premifes more com-4 modious and useful for the Trade of the Port of London, and 4 affording Security to His Majefty’s Revenue in the warehoufing and 4 bonding of Timber, Deals and other Wood Goods ; and the 4 Company have also proceeded to raise a further Sum of Money by 4 the Creation of Two hundred and feventy-five new Shares of Fifty 4 Pounds each, on which they have made Calls amounting to Fifty 4 Pounds per Cent. thereon, and are proceeding to get in the whole 4 of the said last mentioned Calls under the Provifions of the said 4 last recited A£l: And Whereas it is expedient, in order to enable 4 the said Company to raise the Remainder of the Money so authorized 4 to be raised as aforesaid, and more effectually to carry the Purpofes 4 of the said Acts into Execution, that the Powers and Provifions of 4 the said recited Adis should be amended and enlarged May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That (in case the Majority of the Proprietors of the said Docks entitled to vote, and respectively present at any Two Meetings to be specially called for the Purpose, by Notice to be inserted in the London Gazette, and also in Three of the Daily Newfpapers printed or publilhed in London, Fourteen Days at the least previous to the First of such Meetings, and the Second of such Meetings to be held Ten Days at least after the First of such Meetings, shall deem it expedient and determine to borrow at Interect, or raise by granting Annuities, the Sum of Seventy six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, being so much of the said Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds authorized to be raised by the said recited A61 of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as the said Company have not already raised or proceeded to raise by the Creation of additional Shares in the manner thereby prescribed, or in case they shall deem it expedient and determine to raise Part only of the said Sum of Seventy six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds by way of Augmentation of their Capital Stock, and to borrow at Intereft or raise as aforesaid the Remainder thereof,) it shall be

lawful

Company empowered to borrow at Intereft 76,2501.

Hosted

700

C. Ixii.

.57° GEO. IIL

A.D.1817.

and secure by Mortgage.

Form of Mortgage.

lawful for the said Company to borrow and raise the said Sum of Seventy six thousand two hundred and- fifty Pounds, or any Sum or Sums of Money, Part or Parts of the laid Sum of Seventy six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and which may not be hereafter subscribed for in the manner prescribed by the said recited A61 of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, either by way of Mortgage of the Lands, Tenements, Docks, Hereditaments and Premises, and Real Eftates of the said Company, or any Part thereof, together with or separately from the Rates and Charges which the said Company are by the said recited Acts or otherwise authorized or allowed to demand and take, or by Mortgage of such Rates and Charges separately from the said Estates, or by granting Annuities charged upon and to be payable out of the said Lands, Tenements, Docks, Hereditaments and Premises, and Real Estates, or any Part thereof, together with or separately from the said Rates and Charges, or to be charged upon and payable out of the said Rates and Charges only during the natural Life of the Pur-chafer or Purchafers of such Annuity or Annuities refpefhively, or during the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons to be nominated by and on the behalf of such Purchafer or Purchafers, which Annuity or Annuities shall be granted and made payable either with or without Benefit of Survivor ship, and in such manner as the said Company shall think proper, subject to the Provifions of this A61.

II. And be it further enacted. That every such Mortgage so to be given as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid shall be in the following Form, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effedt; videlicet,

:by virtue of an A6t palled in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign ‘ of King George the Third, intituled An Aft [here insert the ‘ Title of this Ad~\, we, the ‘ Commercial Dock Comp'any,’ in con-

*	fideration of the Sum of	to

i us paid by	do	mortgage	unto the

‘ faid	his, her or their Executors,

£ Adminiftrators and Alligns, [or SuccelTors and Afsigns, as the case ‘ may be,~] all and singular the Lands, Tenements, Docks, Heredi-£ taments and Premifes of and belonging to the said Company, £ situate and being in the Parilh of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the

<	County of Surrey, and also all and singular the Rates and Charges £ arising by virtue of Two A6ts, one palled in the Fiftieth Year of £ the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Aft for main-‘ taining and improving the Docks and Warehoufes called The £ Commercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other Docks £ and Warehoufes to communicate therewith, all in the Parijh of Saint c Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey ; and the other palled

<	in the Fifty firll Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

‘ intituled An Ad to amend and render more effectual an Ad of His c present MajeJiy,for maintaining and improving the Docks and Ware-c houses called The Commercial Docks, in the Parijh of Saint Mary

*	P.otherhithe in the County of Surrey, and for extending the Powers i of the said Ad, [in case the Mortgage is not intended to comprise both 6 the Real EJlate and Rates and Charges, or only a Part of the Real ( EJlate, deferibe what is intended to be charged] and all the Ellate,

*	Right, Title and Intereft of the said Company in and to the fame,

6 to hold unto the faid	his,

* her

Hosted

701

A.D.1817.	57° GEO. III.	C.lxii.

*	her or their Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, [of Succeflors ‘ or Afligns,] until the said Sum of

*	together	with Intereft for the fame after the Rate of

*	per Centum per Annum, shall be

‘ repaid. Dated the	Day of

And every such Mortgage, being executed by Three of the Directors of the said Company for the time being, shall be binding on the said Company, and be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever ; and all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, to whom any Mortgage or Mortgages shall be made, shall be entitled to the full Benefit of such Mortgage or Mortgages refpeflively, with Preference according to the Order and Courfe of Priority of their respective Securities.

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That it shall be lawful to insert in any Mortgages to be made as aforesaid, if the Majority of the said Company, or the Proprietors present and entitled to vote at any Two such Meetings as aforesaid, shall think fit, an Agreement by which a Right shall be given to the respective Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall advance and lend the said Money, or any Part thereof, to the Persons who for the time being shall be entitled thereto, to have an Option of having their several and repective Loans repaid in Money, or of being admitted to have such a Share of the Capital Stock of the said Company in lieu thereof, at such time or times, and upon and under such Terms, Provifions and Conditions in all Refpests, (and with or without such Powers to the Dire£tors for the time being, or any Three or more of them, with the Confent of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall so advance or lend Money on such Securities as aforesaid, or of their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeflors or Afligns, to vary or alter such Terms, Provifions and Conditions,) as shall be determined upon by the Majority of such Proprietors present at such Two Meetings as aforesaid ; and the Infertion of any such Agreement in any such Mortgages or Securities as aforesaid, signed by any Three or more of the Dire&ors of the said Company for the time being, shall be conclusive Evidence for the Benefit and Security of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall advance Money upon such Securities, and his, her and their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeflors or Afligns, that such Agreement was inferred with such Confent as is above required, and shall be binding and conclulive on the said Company.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That any Grant of any such Annuity as aforesaid shall be made in the Words following, or in Words to the like Effect ; (that is to fay),

IBY virtue of an A& passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the c Reign of King George the Third, intituled An AB [here insert ( the TAie of this Att~\ We, The Commercial Dock Company, in

<	confideration of the Sum of	to	us	paid

c by	do grant unto the faid

c	his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators

<	and Afligns, [or Succeflors and Afligns, as the case may bef\ an

*	Annuity of	to	be	charged upon,

6 and to be paid to the faid	his, her or their

( Executors,

Provifo may be inlerted in Mortgages to receive the Money or a Share in the Joint Stock.

Form of Grant of Annuity.

Hosted

702

C. lxii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.IS17.

How to be executed.

Mortgages and Annuities to have Preference according to thofr Priorities.

Regulations as to granting Annuities,

c Executors, Adminiftrators or Afsigns, [or Succeflors or Affigns]

4 [/« case it is not intended to comprise all the Lands, &c. then describe c only the Parcels intended to be comprised, and if the Rates and 4 Charges are not intended to be comprised, then omit the Defcription]

4 out of the Lauds, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, and 4 Real Eftates of and belonging to the said Company, and on and 4 out of the Rates and Charges arising by virtue of Two Adis, One

*	paffed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

6 intituled An Aft for maintaining and improving the Docks and

*	Warehoufes called The Commercial Docks, and for making and 4 maintaining other Docks and Warehoufes to communicate therewith,

4 all in the PariJJo of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of 4 Surrey ; and the other palled in the Fifty fir ft Year of the Reign 6 of King George the Third, intituled An Aft to amend and render 4 more ejfeftual an Aft of His present Majesty, for maintaining and 4 improving the Docks and Warehoufes called The Commercial 4 Docks, in the Pariflo of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County 4 of Surrey, and for extending the Powers of the said Aft, an 4 Annuity of	to be payable to the faid

6	his,	her or their Executors, Adminiftrators

4 or Afsigns, \_or Succeflors or Afsigns, as the case may be,] during 4 the Life of	or	the Lives of

4	\_if	more	than One] and the Life of the Survivor

4 of them ['as the case may be], and a proportionable Part of the 4 said Annuity to be paid up to the Day of the Deceafe of 4	or	to	the	Day of the Deceafe of the

4 Survivor of	[as the case may be~\,

6 Dated the	Day	of	One

* thousand eight hundred and

And every such Grant of Annuity, being executed by Three of the Dire&ors of the said Company for the time being, the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the Court of Directors of the said Company for the time being, being One of such Three Directors, shall be binding on the said Company, and be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever ; and the Purchafers of such Annuities refpe£tively shall be entitled thereto, and to the full Benefit thereof respectively, with Preference according to the Order and Courfe of Priority of their respective Securities for such Annuities respectively; And in case the Money authorized to be raised as aforesaid shall be raised partly by Mortgage and partly by Annuity, in such case the Mortgagees and Annuitants respectively shall be entitled to the full Benefit of their respective Securities and Afliirances, with Preference according to the Order and Courfe of Priority of the Mortgages and Annuities respectively.

V. And for preventing any improvident Grants of Annuities under this A&, be it further ena£ted, That no Annuities shall be granted by virtue of this A£t for any single Life, at any higher Rate than the following ; (that is to fay,) when the Age of the Annuitant, or Person for whose Life the Annuity shall be granted, shall not exceed Thirty five Years, the Annuity to be granted shall not exceed the Rate of Eight Pounds Three Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money paid for the Purchafe thereof; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Forty Years, the Annuity to be granted shall not exceed the Rate

of

Hosted

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

c.kii.

703

of Eight Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money ; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Forty five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money ; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Fifty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds Twelve Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money ; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Fifty five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Eleven Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Sixty five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Twelve Pounds Seventeen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money ; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Fifteen Pounds One Shilling for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money; and when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Seventy five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Eighteen Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That a Tranfcript or Copy of every such Mortgage or Grant of Annuity, or an Entry or Memorial thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money paid, shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk of the said Company ; which Book or Books may be perused at all seasonable times by any of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking or other Persons interested, without Fee or Reward.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any such Mortgage or Grant of Annuity shall be made as aforesaid, may from time to time personally, or by Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized, assign and transfer such Mortgage or Grant of Annuity to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and so toties quoties ; and that the Alignment and Transfer shall and may be made by Indorfement on such Mortgage or Grant, and in the Words or to the Effect following ; (that is to fay,)

‘ 1	in Confideration of the Sum of

c A paid by	do	hereby	aflign and transfer the within

* Security, and all my Right, Title and Intereft in and to the fame,

‘ and all Benefit and Advantage to arise therefrom, unto the said ‘	his, [her or their] Succeffors, Executors, Ad-

‘ miniftrators and Afiigns. Witnefs my Hand and Seal, this c Day of

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That every Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced and left with the Clerk of the said Company, who shall within Ten Days then next cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in like manner as of the original Securities ; and after such Entry made, but not till then, every Person or Persons to whom such Alignment or Transfer ill all be made, shall be entitled to the Benefit of such Mortgage or

Grant,

Entries of Mortgages and Grants of Annuities to be made in the Company’s Books,

Mortgages and Annuities trans-ferrable by Indorfement.

Entries of Transfers to be made in the Company’s Books,

Hosted

5-7° GEO. III.

Intereft and Annuities to he paid Half Yearly.

Notice to be

given of paying off Mortgages.

In case any of the Sums advanced shall be paid off, the Company may again borrow the Money.

<TI G. 3. c.lxvi. §

A.D. 1817.

Grant, and the future Payments thereon, and to all Benefit and Advantage arising therefrom ; and for the Entry of every original Mortgage or Grant, and of every such Alignment and Transfer, the said Clerk shall be paid, by the Party to whom such Mortgage or Grant or Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings and"no more.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Intereft of the Money which shall be borrowed on Mortgage as aforesaid, and the several Annuities so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be paid Half Yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto, in Preference to any Dividend or Diftribution among the Members of the said Company, and shall be duly provided for and fet apart before such Dividend or Diftribution shall be made or declared.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Money so lent and advanced on Mortgage shall be paid off and discharged (fave and except with the Confent of the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money) unless Six1 Calendar Months previous Notice in the London Gazette shall have been given by the said Company of their Intention to pay off and dif-charge the fame ; and that at the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months, all Intereft shall cease to be paid on the Principal Sums relative to which such Notice shall have been given, unless the said Principal Sums shall not have been paid off by Default of the said Company.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That in case all or any of the Sums of Money which shall or may be advanced on Loan to the said Company on such Mortgages as aforesaid, shall at any time afterwards be paid off and discharged by the said Company, that then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Company, with such Confent of Two Courts of Proprietors, to be specially called for such Purpofe as hereinbefore mentioned, again to borrow or raise on Mortgage, as is hereinbefore mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole, with the Amount of the Monies then out-ftanding and unpaid on such Mortgages as aforesaid, and the Money which may have been railed by Grants of Annuities, the said Sum of Seventy six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and so toties quotas.

1 XII. And Whereas the said recited of the Fifty first Year

*	of the Reign of His present Majesty contains a Provifion for regu-‘ lating the time when the Persons who shall subscribe for the said new

*	Shares or any of them shall be entitled to a rateable Share or Pro-< portion of the Profits of the said Company, and also for regulating 6 the Payment of Intereft in the meantime: And Whereas Doubts 1 have been entertained as to the Meaning and Conftru&ion of such ‘ Provifions Be it therefore enabled, That so much of the said recited A£t of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as ena6ts, that the several Persons who shall subscribe for the Two thousand six hundred new Shares hereby authorized to be railed or created, or any of them, shall not be entitled to any rateable Share or Proportion of the Profits of the said Company until after the Expiration of One Year, to be computed from the Day on which the laid Two thousand six hundred new Shares shall be created, and that in the meantime the several Persons who shall subscribe for new Shares as aforesaid shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay to him or them respectively, Intereft on the several Sums to be paid by

them

Hosted

A.D. 1817.	57°	GEO. III.	C.	lxii.	705

them or him in respect of such new Shares, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the time or times on or at which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be by them or him paid,

shall, as to all or any Shares hereafter to be raised or created, be and repealed as to the fame is hereby repealed.	future Shares.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company Company em-fhall be desirous to raise, and shall hereafter raise any Part of the powered to fix Money which they are authorized to raise as aforesaid, and which now remains unraised, by the Creation of new Shares, that then and ent;tiexj to in such case it shall be lawful for such Two several General Courts profics. of Proprietors of the said Company as in the said last recited Ad are mentioned, to determine‘and direct the time or times when or from which all or any such new Shares hereafter to be created as aforesaid shall be entitled to a rateable Share or Proportion of the Profits of the said Company, and to make all such Rules and Regulations respecting the fame, and for Payment of Intereft in the meantime, as to them shall seem expedient; and it shall also be lav/* ful for such Two several General Courts of Proprietors of the said Company to make, or to authorize the Directors of the said Company for the time being to make, such Allowance or Allowances, Deduction or Deductions to the Person or Persons who shall subscribe for all or any of the new Shares as aforesaid, for or in respect of Payment of the Monies to be paid for such new Shares as aforesaid before the time or times when the Inftalments or Calls would become due and payable, to such Extent, or within such Limits, and with and under such Rules and Regulations, or without any such, as to the said Courts of Proprietors shall seem expedient.

* XIV. And Whereas by the said recited Ad of the Fiftieth

*	Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company are 6 authorized to fell any Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments which i they might purchase under the Provifions of the said Ad, and

*	which might not be necefTary to be made use of for the Purpofes ‘ of the said Ad ; but Doubts may be entertained whether the faid

*	Company are by the said Ad empowered to fell any of the Lands,

*	Buildings or Hereditaments belonging to or purchased by or for

*	the Ufe of the said Company previously to the pafling of the faid

*	Ad, or purchased under the Provifions of the said Ad of the Fifty 6 first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and which may not

*	be necefTary for the Purpofes aforesaid;* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to fell and dif- compaiiy pose of any Part or Parts not wanted for the Purpofes of the said fell Lands not recited Ads or of this Ad, not only of such Lands, Buildings or wanted for the Hereditaments as have been purchased in pursuance of the said , re- Purpoles of the cited Ad of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, A®'

but also of any Lands which at the time of the pafling of the said Ad belonged to or had been purchased by or for the Ufe of the said Company, or which have been purchased in pursuance of the Provifions of the said Ad of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and all and every the Powers, Claufea and Provifions contained in the said Ad of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the said Company to fell Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments not wanted for the Purpofes of the said Ad, and relative to such Sale, shall, so far as the case will apply, extend to such Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments 57 Geo. III.	Z	z	as

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

When Pieces of Land are to be fold, the first Offer to be made to the original Proprietors.

f	Sic

Diffetence re-Ipefling Price to he fettled by a J ury.

Purchafer not answerable for Application of Purchafe Money.

How Deed lliall be executed.

as belonged to or had been purchased by or for the Ufe of the said Company previous to of at the Time of the palling of the said Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and which have been purchased in purfance of the Provifions of the said Aft of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty : Provided always, that the said Company before they shall fell and dispose of any of the Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments which have been purchased in pursuance of the said recited Afts or either of them, and not wanted for the Purpofes of the said recited Afts or of this Aft as aforesaid, ftiall first offer the fame for Sale to the Person or Persons of whom the fame shall have been purchased ; and if such Person or Persons shall then and thereupon refuse, or shall not agree (except with respect to or on account of the Price thereof) to purchase the fame, an Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Matter or Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey (who are hereby respectively empowered to take such Affidavit), by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments, stating that such Offer was made by or on the behalf of the said Company, and that such Offer was then and thereupon refused, or was not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was made, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was refused, or not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the case may be) ; and in fuchf case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing such Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments, and he, she or they, and the said Company shall differ or not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in manner in the said recited Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed with respect to disputed Value of Premifes to be taken and purchased in pursuance of the said Aft ; and the Money to arise by Sale or Sales of such Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments shall be applied by the said Company to the Purpofes of the said recited Afts and of this Aft ; but the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Mifapplication or Nonapplication of such Money ; provided nevertheless, that as to such of the Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments which belonged to or were the Property of the said Company before or at the time of the passing of the said Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or such as have not been purchased by the said Company under the Provifions of the said recited Afts or either of them, it shall not be necessary or requisite for the said Company to offer the fame Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments to Sale to the Person or Persons respectively of or from whom they have or shall or may have purchased the fame respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Ordinary or Extraordinary General Court or Meeting of the said Company, or of the Proprietors thereof, shall have resolved to fell any Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments belonging to the said Company, it shall be lawful for any Three of the Direftors of the said Company for the time being (the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the Court of Direftors for the time being being One of such Three Direftors)

to

Hosted

r-

707

Such Execution conclusive Evidence of Lands not being wanted,

Regulations refped'ting Memorials of Transfers, &c.

To aicertainthe Tonnage or Ad-meafurement of Ships coming into the Docks.

Regifter ; and the Matter or other Person having the Command of any such Ship or Veffel is hereby required to produce such Certificate of Regiftry at the Time of Payment of the said Rates and Charges, to the Person or Persons who shall be authorized to collet and receive the fame by the Directors of the said Company or a Quorum of them ; and in case of any Difpute in respect of the Tonnage of any Ship or Veffel not required to be registered, or of any Foreign Ship or Veffel, then the Tonnage of any such Ship or Veffel shall be ascertained in the manner and according to the Directions of an ACt passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present 26 G. 3. c.6o. Majesty, intituled An AS for the Encouragement of Shipping and §14-Navigation.

XVIIL And be it further enacted, That for more easily col- Colle£lors,&c. to ie&ing the said Rates and Charges, the Collector and Collectors h2Ve Accel's to thereof, and such other Person and Persons as the said Directors	tbe

shall from time to time duly appoint in this behalf, shall at proper	j^oufe.

and seasonable times have at the Cuftom House free Accefs to and InfpeCtion of the refpeCtive Regifters and Papers of all and every Ship and Ships resorting to the Port of London, on or after their Entry or Clearance at the Cuftom House, without any Fee or Reward for such Accefs and InfpeCtion.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the ColleCtor or Col- Power to mea-leCtors of any of the said Rates and Charges, or such other Person lure>&c- shiPs

Zz2	or	aDdVeffels

A.D. 1817*	57°	GEO.	III.	C.	hdi.

to execute such Deeds and Affurances as shall be requisite to effeCt such Sales ; and the Execution by such Three Directors as afore-faid of such Deeds and Affurances shall be full and conclusive Evidence to and for the Purchafer or Purchafers, that the Hereditaments fold to him or them are not wanted for the Purpofes of the said recited ACts or either of them, and of the Confent of the said Company, or of such Ordinary or Extraordinary Court or Meeting of the said Company, or of the Proprietors, to such Sale or Sales ; and such Deeds and Affurances so executed as aforesaid shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as fully as if the said Directors were absolute Owners of the Hereditaments intended to be conveyed.

XVI.	And for better regulating the Entry of any Memorial of any Transfer or Sale of a Share or Shares in the said Stock of the said Company, be it further enacted, That no Memorial of any Transfer or Sale of any Share or Shares of and in the Stock of the said Company shall be made and entered, until the Clerk of the said Company shall have endorsed on the Certificate or Certificates, or Deed of Transfer to the Seller, as by the said last recited ACt are direCted to be produced to the Clerk of the said Company for the time being as therein mentioned, a Memorandum or Declaration, signed by such Clerk, of the Transfer and Sale of any Share or Shares of and in the Stock of the said Company.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Tonnage or Admeasurement of all Ships and Veffels required to be registered by any ACt or ACts of Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of either of such Kingdoms, and trading or coming to or departing from the Port of London, and liable to the Payment of any of the Rates and Charges of or for Tonnage allowed to be taken under the said recited ACts, or either of them, shall be ascertained according to the certified Tonnage in the Ship’s

Hosted

708

C. lxii.

57° GEO. lit

A.D.1817*

Coils of meafuv-ing, &c.

where Tonnage 0r Persons as the said Dire&ors shall duly nominate and appoint in cannot be agreed that behalf and the Mailer or other Person having the Charge or uPon*	Command	of any such Foreign Ship or VelTel, cannot agree about

and ascertain the Tonnage of such Ship or VelTel, then and in every such case it lhali be lawful for the said Colle&or or Collectors, or Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, from time to time, and at all convenient and reasonable times, to Hop, detain, enter into* weigh, measure and gauge the fame ; and in case the fame shall upon such weighing, measuring or gauging, appear to be of greater Tonnage than lhali be then fet forth and contained in the Account which lhali have been given thereof, then the Mailer or Person giving in such Account shall pay the Colls and Charges of such weighing* measuring or gauging ; all which said Colls and Charges, upon Refufal of Payment thereof on Demand, lhali and may be recovered and levied by such Ways and Means, and in such manner, as the *aid Rates and Charges are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if any such Ship or Velfel lhali be found to be of the fame or of less Tonnage than the fame lhali by such Account appear to be of, then the said Colledlor or Colleftors, or such other Person or Persons respectively, shall pay the Colls and Charges of such weighing, measuring or gauging, and lhali also pay such further Damages as lhali appear to any One or more Jullice or Jullices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Surrey, on Oath of any credible Witnefs, to have arisen from such Detention ; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof by the Colle&or or Colledlors, it lhali be lawful for any such Jullice or Jullices to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, authorizing any Person or Persons to levy the Amount of such Colls, Charges and Damages, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Colle&or or Collectors, or of the said Company ; and if any Surplus Money lhali remain after Payment of such Colls, Charges and Damages, and the reasonable Colls and Charges of such Diftrefs and Sale, (to be ascertained, in case of Difpute, by any such Jullice or Jullices,) such Surplus Money lhali be returned on Demand to the Party or Parties on whom such Diftrefs lhali be so made ; and if any Mailer, Commander or other Officer of any Ship or VelTel, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall obftruCl or hinder any Person or Persons so employed from weighing, measuring or gauging any Ship or VelTel in pursuance of this ACl, every such Mailer, Commander or other Person lhali for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above the said Rates and Charges.

XX. And be it further enacted, That for further preventing the Hazard and Danger of Fire within the said Docks, and on board Ships and other Veffels therein, no Person whosoever lhali from and after the palling of this A£l, at any time after the Hour of Four in the Evening, or before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty sixth Day of March in every Year, or after the Hour of Seven in the Evening, or before the Hour of Five in the Morning, between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Thirtieth Day of September in every Year, smoke any Tobacco, or other Material used for smoaking, either within the said Docks, or on board any Ship or velfel in or within the said Docks, upon pain of forfeiting

for

ObftrnCting such Meal'urement,

& c.

Penalty.

Further Provision to prevent Accidents by Fire.

Hosted

57° GEO, III.

Cllxii,

709

for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any Penalty not exceeding that Amount may be recovered and applied under the said recited Ads or either of them.

XXL And be it further enacted, That in all cases under any Commiffion or Commiffions of Bankrupt awarded or to be awarded again# any Person or Persons who is or are or shall be indebted to the said Company, or again#: whom the said Company shall or may have any Claims or Demands, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons in the Employ of the said Company, who shall from time to time be in that behalf nominated and appointed by Writing under the Hand of the Treasurer of the said Company for the time being to appear, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to appear and ad on behalf of the said Company in respect of any such Debt, Claim or Demand, before the Commissioners under any Commiffion of Bankrupt, either personally, or by his or their Affidavit to be duly sworn and exhibited in the usual manner, in order to prove and eftabliffi any such Debt, Claim or Demand under such Commission; and every such Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed shall in all such cases be admitted and allowed to make Proof or tender a Claim under any such Commiffion of Bankruptcy, on behalf and for the Benefit of the said Company, in respect of the Debt or Debts, or other Demands of the said Company again#: such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in like manner as any other Person or Persons, being a Creditor or Creditors of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts in his or their own Right, might or could do in refped'of his or their Debt or Debts; and any Person or Persons to be nominated or appointed in manner aforesaid, /ball have full Power and Authority to appear on behalf of the said Company at any Meeting of the Creditors of any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to vote thereat in respect of any Debt or Debts which shall be admitted and allowed to be proved on behalf of the said Company under any such Commiffion of Bankrupt as aforesaid, in like manner as any other Creditor or Creditors of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts could or might do in respect of the Debt or Debts by him or them proved under such Commiffion or Commiffions of Bankrupt.

* XXII. And Whereas by the said A61 of the Fiftieth Year of 4 the Reign of His present Maje#:y it was enacted, that not lefs

*	than Five of the Diredors of the said Company ffiould be a

*	Quorum capable of acting, and thereby empowered to-ad at the 4 ordinary Meetings of the said Diredors : And Whereas it would

*	facilitate the Difpatch of Buiinefs if a less Number of Dir6fors 4 were required to constitute a Quorum Be it therefore further ena6ted, That so much of the said Ad of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as con#:itutes not less than Five of the said Diredors a Quorum capable of acting at the ordinary Meetings of the said Diredors, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and. after the passing of this Ad, Three of the said Directors ffiall be a Quorum capable of acting, and are hereby empowered to ad at the ordinary Meetings of the said Diredors.

Z.z-a	XXIV.	And

How Debts to ba proved in case of Bankruptcy of Debtors to the Company.

50 G. 3. f.ccviv §19.

repealed.

Three of the Directors to be a Quorum.

Hosted

710

C.lxii. lxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Powers of former Afts extended to this

Aft.

Regulating the Payment of Colts of afeer-taining Damages, &c.

Jury as by 50 G. 3. c. ccvii. § 43-

Ex pe nets of AS how to be paid.

Public Aft.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things contained in the said recited Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (fo far as the fame are not by the said recited Aft of the Fifty-firft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or by this Aft altered, varied or repealed,) and all the Powers, Proviftons, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things contained in the said recited Aft of the Fifty-firft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (fo far as the fame are not hereby altered, varied or repealed,) shall extend to this Aft, and the several matters and things herein contained, and shall and may be exercised, applied, used and put in force as effectually for the Purpofes of this Aft as jf the fame were herein repeated and reenafted.

4 XXV. And Whereas it is expedient that Provifion should be 4 made for the Payment of reasonable Cofts, Charges and Expences 4 in cases in which Claims may be made for any Damage which may 4 arise or happen to the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of any 4 Person from the making the new Docks, Bafins, Ponds, Sluices,

4 Entrances and other Works authorized by the said recited Afts 4 to be made Be it therefore enacted. That from and after the palling of this Aft, in case the said Company, and any Person or Persons to whose Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments any Damage shall arise or happen, cannot agree upon the Compenfation or Satisfaftion to be made for such Damage, and a Jury shall be summoned as directed in the said recited Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to afeertain the Amount of such Damage, then and in such case, if the Sum awarded by the Jury shall exceed the Sum which shall previously have been offered or tendered by or on behalf of the said Company, such Person or Persons shall be entitled to and have his, her or their reasonable Cofts and Charges to be paid by the said Company ; and if the Sum awarded by the Jury shall not exceed the Sum which shall have been previously offered or tendered by or on behalf of the said Company, then the said Company shall be entitled to and have reasonable Cofts and Charges to be paid by the Person or Persons to whom the Compenfation shall be awarded, in the like manner as in cases of Satisfaftion awarded by a Jury for the Purchafe of Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments under the Provi-fions of the said recited Afts ; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Direftors shall pay and discharge all the Cofts and Charges of obtaining and palling this Aft with and out of any of the Monies already fub-feribed or hereafter to be subscribed or borrowed by or for the Ufe of the said Company, or with and out of the other Monies received or to be received by them or on account of the said Company.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be deemed and taken-to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxiii.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Arun to Chichcjler Harbour, and from thence to Langjlone

and

Hosted

AJ). 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. lxiii—lxix.

7ii

and Portsmouth Harbours, with a Cut or Branch from Hunjlon Common, to or near the City of Chichejler; and for improving the Navigation of the Harbour of Langjlone, and Channels of Langjlone anti Thorney.	[7th July 1817O

Cap. Ixiv.

An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts of His pre-fent Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodingham Becky and extending the fame to the Town of Great Driffield, in the County of York.	[7th July	1817.3

Cap. lxV.

An Aft for enlarging the Market Place and regulating the Market in the Town of Taunton,\n the County of Somerset, and for improving the said Town ; and for amending an Aft of His present Majesty relative thereto.	[7th	July	1817.3

Cap. lxvi..

An Aft to amend and continue an Aft of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for improving certain Roads in and through the Foreft of Dean, in the County of Gloucejier, and several other Roads therein mentioned, (r)	[7	th	Juh	1817.3

\One half additional Toll on Sundays, computing from Twelve o'* Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve oy Clock on Sunday Night.—55 G. 3. c. 119. extended to this Aft* § 9.3

Cap. lxvii.

An Aft for continuing f and amending Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset. (a)	[7th	July	1817.3

[Additional Tolls—18 G. 3. c. 97. as to Surveyors getting Materials repealed. $23*3

f [No Term mentioned, vide § 1.41. of this Aft. —18 G. 3. c. 97. is before in Part repealed by 39 G. 3. c. xxxviii. and by 39 IA 40 G. 3. c. lxi.J

Cap. lxviii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cambridge, to the Old North Road near Arrington Bridge, in the County of Cam-bridge, (c)	[7th July	1817.3

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to cease.	New Tolls granted.3

Cap. lxix.

An Aft for amending and rendering more effectual an Aft of His present Majesty, for draining Lands in South Hollandy and for continuing J and amending another Aft of His present Majesty, for maintaining and repairing a certain Bank, and the Road thereon, from Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, all in the County of Lincoln.	[10th July	1817.3

t [A7© Term mentioned, vide § 69. 94. of this Aft.~\

Z z 4*	Cap.

7 G. 3,0.97.

41 G. 3. c.cxxxiv.

9 G. 3. c- 44*

36 G. 3. 0.131.

18 G. 3. c.97.

39	3*-

c. xxxviii.

37 G. 3. c. 179. repealed as to Justices settling Difputes about Tolls, and the Charges of keeping Diftxeffes.

§ 11.

33 G. 3. c. 109. 35 G.3. c.166.

Hosted

712

C. lxx — lxxvi.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817

II & 12 W. 3. c. 22.

MG.j. c.35. *3 G. 3. c. 32.

35 G.3. c.156.

36 G. 3. c. 148. repealed as to getting Materials, § 17,

Cap. lxx.

An A61 for improving the Harbour of Blakeney, within the Port of Blakeney and Clay, in the County of Norfolk.

[10th	1817.]

Cap. lxxi.

An A6t for amending and rendering more effectual an A61 of His late Majesty King William the Third,Tor making the River Larky alias Burn, navigable.	[10th	July	1817.]

[Afew Commifftoners.— Power to take new Tolls in lieu of former

Tolls.-]

Cap. lxxii.

An A6f for rebuilding the Church and improving the Church Yard of the Parilh of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Mid-dlefex.	[10th «/*//)>	1817.]

Ctfp. lxxiii.

An A6t for raising Money, by Annuities or otherwise, for the Pur-pofe of ere6ting a Workhoufe for the Ufe of the Poor of the Parilh of St. John of Wapping, in the County of .  Middlesex.

[10th July 1817.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An A£t for more effectually repairing the Road from the Neath Turnpike Road, at or near Abernant, through Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Turnpike Road within the Abergavenny District, near Rhyd y Blew Houfey in the County of Monmouth, (a)	[10th	July	1817.]

[Additional Trujlees. One half Toll additional on Sunday sy computing from Twelve o’ Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve o' Clock on Sunday Night.]

Cap. lxxv.

An A61 to continue and amend an A6t palled in the Thirty-lixth Year of His present Majesty, for altering the Road from Macclesfield to Congletony in the County of Chester. (r)

[ toth July 1817.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls repealed. New Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An A6f to empower the Commissioners of the Royal Naval Afylum to make use of any Part of the Accumulation of the Intereft of the^Monies which were given by the Committee for managing the Patriotic Fund to the said Commissioners, for the Purpofes of the said Afylum.	[nth	July	1817.]

*	W7 -^^REAS at a General Meeting of the Committee for ma*

‘ VV naging the Patriotic Fund, held at Lloyd's Coffee House,

*	in the City of London, it was resolved, that the Sum of Forty

* thoufand

Hosted

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. Ixxvi.

713

* thousand Pounds Ihould be paid to the Commissioners of the Royal 4 Naval Afylum, out of the Contributions made on the Day of 4 Thankfgiving, on their undertaking, by a Refolution of their Board,

4 to maintain and educate such Children of either Sex as should be 4 recommended by the Committee for managing the said Patriotic 6 Fund, and was within the Rules of the said Royal Afylum. : And 4 Whereas in the Month of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and 4 fix, Sixty-one thousand Pounds, Confolidated Three Pounds per c Centum Bank Annuities, were transferred by the Committee of the 4 said Patriotic Fund to Samuel Thornton and John Julius Angerjlein,

4 acting for the Commissioners of the said Royal Naval Afylum :

4 And Whereas the Interelt upon the said Capital Sum has been 4 permitted to accumulate : And Whereas the Commissioners for the 4 Management of the said Royal Naval Afylum have, by a Relocation 4 of their Board, undertaken to maintain and educate such Children 4 of either Sex as may be recommended by the Committee for 4 managing the said Patriotic Fund, and are within the Rules of that 4 Inftitution : And Whereas doubts are entertained whether the said 4 Commissioners can make use of any Part of the Accumulation of 4 the Intereft of the said Capital Sum so transferred to the said 4 Samuel Thornton and John Julius Angerjlein, in Truft as aforesaid,

4 for the Purpofes of the said Charity, without the Authority of 4 Parliament;’ Be it therefore enacted, by The King’s Mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after Commissioners the palling of this Adt it shall and may be lawful for the Commif- of Naval Afylum fioners of the said Royal Naval Afylum, for the time being, to make mak.e use of use of the said Accumulation, or such Part thereof as shall be from the^Pairi-thought necelfary for the carrying on the benevolent Purpofes of the 0tic Fund, said Inftitution.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Adi shall be deemed and Public Adt taken to be a public Adi, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Juftiees and others, without being fpecially

PRIVATE

Hosted by

Pr. C.l—6.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

7H

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING’S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN

EVIDENCE.

N. B. To each of these Afis is annexed a Claufe in the Form following 1

<c And be it further enacted, That this A dl shall be printed by “ the several Printers to The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, duly “ authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that u a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as u Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others/’

Cap. 1.

-/\_N Adt for inclosing Lands in the Pariih of Drayton, in the County of Somerset.	[17th	March	1817.]

Cap. 2.

An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Pariih of Erif<welly in the County of Suffolk.	[29th	March	1817.]

CaP- 3-

An Adi for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Emley, in the County of York.	[23d May	18J 7-J

“ Allotment to Redtor in lieu of Small Tithes, $ 28.

41 G. 3. c. 109,

2 O. 3. c. 128.

Cap. 4.

An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Pariih of Cofton otherwise Cofion Hackett in the County of Worcester.	[23d May 1817.]

Cap. 5.

An Adi for repealing certain Parts of an A61 of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Afpatria, and in the several Parilhes of Afpatriay Brumfield and Allhallows, in the County of Cumberland, and for amending the said Adi.

' [23d May 1817.]

“ Lands in Blennerhaffet exempted from Tithes, § 4.

Cap. 6.

An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Pariih of Orleton in the County of Hereford.	[23d May 1817.]

12	Cap.

Hosted

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

Pr.	C.7—15.

715

Cap.7-

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Burton Salmon in the Parifli of Monkfryjlone, in the County of Tork.

[23d May 1817.]

Cap. 8.

An A£t for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Willey, in the Parifh of Prejleigtiy in the County of Hereford.	[23& May 1817.]

Cap. 9.

An A61 for veiling part of the Settled Eftates of Edward Gilbert Esquire, otherwise Edward Scott Esquire, in Trustees, to be fold ; and for applying the Produce in or towards the Difcharge of the Incumbrances on the said Eftates.	[16th	June	1817.]

Cap. 10.

An A <51 for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Meltham, in the Parifh 41 G. 3. c. 109. of Almondburyy in the West Riding of the County of Tork.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. 11.

An A <51 for allotting Lands in the Townfhip or Liberty of Little-more, in the Parifhes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Yeftleyy otherwise Ijfley, in the County of Oxford.	[16th June 1817.3

44 Allotment to Provoft and Scholars of Oriel College and their

44 Leffee as Impropriators in lieu of Tithes in Saint Mary the

54 Virgin, § 19. Allotment to the Archdeacon of Oxford and his

44 Leffee as Impropriators in lieu of Tithes in Teftley* § 20.

Cap. 12.

An A <51 for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parifh of Eajlon on the Hill, in the County of Northampton.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. 13.

An A6t for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Trawden, in the Chapelry of Colne, and Parifh of Whalleyy in the County of Lan-cajler.	[16th June 1817.]

Cap. 14.

An Adi for inclosing Lands within the Manors, Townlhips or Divi- 41 G. 3. c. 109; lions of Underbarrow and Bradley field in the Parifh of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Wefimoreland.	[16th	June	1817.3

Cap. 15.

An A& for veiling certain Estates, devised by the Will of John Seacomey and now held in undivided Shares in Trustees, to be fold; and forinvefting the Purchafe Monies of the Shares of such of the Parties interested as are Infants in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be conveyed to them according to their respective Rights and Xnterefts in lieu of such Shares.	[20th	June	1817.]

Cap•

Hosted

716

Pr. C. 16—22.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

41 G. 3. recited.

Cap. 16.

An A 61 to enable the Trustees for the time being of the Charity EHates of William Hickey deceased, situate in Richmond, in the County of 1Surrey, to grant Building and Repairing Leafes thereof.	[20th	June	1817.]

Cap. 17.

An A61 for confirming and establishing the Sales made by Ann Ftjh Widow, and Frederick Klein, of the Eflates devised to them for Sale by the Will of John Fijh Efquire.	[20th	June 1817.]

Cap. 18.

An A61 for inclosing Ramfdown and Ltddaton Down Commons, in the Parifh of Milton Abbott in the County of Devon.

[20th June 1817*3

Allotments not discharged from Tithes, § 3,8.

Gap. 19.

An A 61 for dividing and inclosing Heworth Moor in the Manor or Townfhip of Heworth, in the North Riding of the County of Tork ; and for extinguilhing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called Half Year Lands, situate in the Suburbs or Precindts of the City of Tork.	[20th	June 1817.]

“ Certain Screeds of Land as herein described fold or allotted to

c< His Majessy, § 22, 23.

Cap. 20.

c. 109* An A6t for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parifhes of Fornham Saint Martin and Fornham Saint Genoveve otherwise Fornham Saint Genovieve, in the County of Suffolk.

[20th June 1817.3

u Annual Rents in lieu of Tithes, § 34. When Tithes to cease, “ § 38-

Cap. 21.

An A6t for veiling in Trustees in Fee Simple, in Truft for Samuel Robert Gauffen Esquire, discharged from certain Entails created therein, and from other Rights and Interests, a Fee Farm Rent of Seven hundred and fifteen Pounds and Eleven pence Three Farthings, heretofore the Eftate of the Right Honourable John Lord Offulfton deceased.	[27th	June	1817.]

Cap. 22.

An A61 for veiling the fettled Eftates of William Lijier Fenton Scott Esquire, in Trustees, in Truft to be fold ; and for laying out the Purchafe Monies arising from such Sale, in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

[27th June 18x7.]

Cap.

Hosted

57° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 23—29.

717

Cap. 23.

An A a for empowering the Judges of the Court of Seilion in Scotland to fell such Parts of the Eftates of Seaforth and others, situated in the County of Rofs, which were entailed by Francis Lord Seaforth deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provifions which affect or may be made to affect the said entailed Estates, and for granting certain Powers relative to Leafes and Feus of Parts of the said entailed Eftates.

[27th June 1817.]

Cap. 24.

An Adi to authorize the Trustees of the deceased James Scha<w to grant Building Leases, and Feus of certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Preston, to fell the Superiority thereof, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[27th	June	1817.]

Cap. 25.

An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Hollington, in the several Parifties of Longford and Brailsfordy in the County of Derby.	[27th	June 1817.]

“ Allotments to Tithe Owners, &c. § 18. Compenfation for “ Tithes of ancient Inclosures, $19, 20. Allotment in lieu of “ Tithes of ancient Inclofures belonging to Persons not entitled to “	Allotment of	Open Lands, § 22. When	Tithes to	cease, § 23.

Allotments in	lieu of Tithes feneed, &c.	for Three	Years at the

“	Public Expence, $27. Tithe Owners not liable to	Expences of

« Aa, § 43.

Cap. 2-6.

An Aa for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Fulbrook, in the County 41 G. 3. c. 109. of Oxford.	[27th	June 1817.] recited.

Allotments in lieu of Reaorial and Vicarial Tithes, $18. Such “ Allotment to be fenced at the Expence of Proprietors of the Lands fubjea to the Tithe, § 22. Time to which Tithe Owners %c may receive Tithes, § 24.

Cap. 27.

An Aa to enable James Rocheid Esquire, and the Heirs of Entail succeeding to him in the Eftate of Inverleithy to grant Feus thereof upon certain Terms and Conditions. [30th June 1817.]

Cap. 28.

An Aa for exchanging an Eftate in the County of Kent, belonging to the Earl of Thanet, for an Eftate in the fame County, devised by the Will of Thomas Holmes.	[7^	July 1817.]

Cap. 29.

An Aa for making a Partition of the Eftates of Lojloch, Andertony Heaton, Horwichy Rumworth and Adlingtony in the County Palatine of Lancajlery of the late Henry Blundell Efquire.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap.

Hosted

13

Pr. C. 30—34.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

4* G. ?. recited.

Cap. 30.

An Ad for confirming an Exchange made by Philip Gell Esquire, of certain of the Settled Eftates of Philip Gell Esquire, deceased, in the County of Tork> for other Eftates in the County of Derby.

[7th July 181-7.]

Cap. 31.

An Ad for effeduating an Exchange between Richard Peter IVhi/h Clerk, Redor of the Redory and Parifh Church of Meefden otherwise Mijfenden, in the County of Hertford, and Armytage Gaujfen Esquire, of the Redory House and Part of the Glebe Lands of the said Redory, for a House and Lands in the said Parifh of Meefden otherwise Mijfenden, belonging to the said Armytage Gaujfen.	[7th	July	1817*]

Cap. 32.

An Ad for vefling certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir James Tylney Long, in the Counties of Dorset and Tork> in Trustees, to be fold ; and for laying out the Money thence ariling (after Payment of certain specific Incumbrances) in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the fame Ufes.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. 33.

An Ad: to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of The Moor, in the City of London, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Leafe of certain Meffuages, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, fttuate in the Parifh of Saint Giles without Cripplegate, in the said City, Parcel of the said Prebend, in manner therein mentioned ; and to enable the granting of Sub Leafes for repairing and otherwise improving the fame.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. 34*

c.109. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Barlow, in the Town-fhips of Great Barlow and Little Barlow, in the Parifhes of Staveley and Dronfield> in the County of Derby.

[7th July 1817.]

“ Allotment in lieu of Tithes to the Duke of Devonshire and the “ Redor of Staveley, § 22.; and in lieu of a yearly Payment of “ Tithes belonging to the Duke of Portland, § 32. ; to the Vicar (i of Dronjield, § 23. ; to William Howard, § 24.; to the Duke of <c Portland, $ 31.; to the Curate of Barlow, in lieu of a yearly Pay-“ ment out of Tithes belonging to the Duke of Portland, § 33. “ Manor of Barlow discharged from Tithes, § 34. Proprietors not “ having an Intereft in the Lands inclosed equal in Value to the “ Tithes of his or her other Estates, to make good the Deficiency, “ § 35* Fencing Tithe Allotments, § 36.

Cap.

Hosted

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 35—38.

719

Cap. 35.

An A€t for improving a certain Piece of Land called Common Wood, 41 G. 3, c. 109. in the Liberty of the Borough of Holt otherwise Lyons, in the recited. County of Denbigh♦	[7th July	1817.]

u Provifo for Royalties, &c. of His Majefty’s Lordfhip of Bromjield “ and Tale, § 39. ; and for his Rights as Lord of the Manor of “ Bromjield and Tale, § 41.

Cap. 3 6.

An A£t for vetting a certain Estate, late of Peter Walkden, of Charley, in the County of Chester, Yeoman, deceased, situate in Chorley aforesaid, in Trustees, in Trust, to be fold, for paying off Incumbrances thereon ; and for purchasing other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	[icth	July	1817.]

Cap. 31-

An A& to enable the Vicar for the time being of the Parifh of Bolton, 32 G. 3, e. 71. in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to fell and convey in Fee recited. Simple a certain Portion of the Glebe Land belonging to the Vicarage of Bolton.	[10th July 1817.]

Cap. 38.

An A<tt for confirming an Agreement relating to the Reverfion expe£tant of certain Eftates in the Counties of Warwick and Chester, late of Sir Lifter Holte Baronet, deceased, and Property belonging to Abraham Bracebridge Efquire ; and for vetting such Eftates and Property in Trustees, to convey and assure the fame according to the said Agreement.	[10th	July	18170]

INDEX

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

Hosted

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS, 57° GEO. III.

* Signifies that the Aft relates exclusively to Ireland.

Administrators of deceafed

Navy Agents, empowering to receive Money in certain Cafes Cap. 118

Admiralty. See Droits of Admiralty. Agent General, repealing Office of, and transferring his Duties to Pay-mafter General and Secretary at War	41

Alnager, aboliffiing Office of -	*109

America, regulating VefTels carrying Paf-fengers to Britiffi Colonies in 10 ------- ■ and Isle of Bermuda, regulating Trade between -	28

——.......allowing the Exportation of

Britiffi Goods to, direCt, on certain Terms -	-	58

------—— Britiffi Colonies in, Importation to, of Oranges and Lemons from the Azores and Madeiras 89 Annuities, regulating the Payment of certain -	-	-	*82

--------- (Life) amending and rendering more effectual several ACts, enabling Commissioners of National Debt to grant -	26

Appropriation of Supplies -	132

Arms, Two ACts revived and continued for preventing improper Persons from having -	-	*21

Army, Annual Mutiny A 61 for 12. 35

-------Prize	Money,	regulating the

Payment of	-	77

See also Soldiers.

Arrefts (Vexatious), A6ts for preventing, continued -	•	101

Affe(fed Taxes, Duties of, explaining and amending A61for granting, 8tc. 25

Oranges and Lemons from, to Britiffi Colonies in North America -	-	Cap. 89

Bank of England, preventing the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens issued by -	-	113

Banks for Savings, Eftabliffiment of * 106.

*130

Barbadoes (Port'of Bridge Town in), allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, See.

to -	-	-	-	74

Barrack Department, veiling Ellates and Property of Barrack Service, in the Comptroller of -	-	9

Bermuda (Ifle of), allowing Britiffi Plantation Sugar and Coffee imported into, to be exported thence to America, &c.	-	-	28

Blacking (Liquid), exempting Stone . Bottles made and used for, solely from Duty on Stone Bottles 119 Blaquiere (John Lord), authorizing Payment of an Annual Sum to, for his Office of Alnager *109 Board of Trade, regulating and enabling Vice President of, to fend and receive Letters and Packets Poftage free -	-	-	-	66

Bounties, Silk Manufactures, Exportation of, continued -	-	15

---------- Sugar,	refined otherwise than

by claying -	-	“	43

Bounty Money, authorizing Executors or Admmillrators of deceased licensed Navy Agents to receive, in certain w ^	cafes -	-	-	-	118

regulating the Exemptions of 1 Buck Wheat imported, new Duties on 27 Dwelling Houfes from -	128 I

Afylums for Lunatic Poor, Eftabliffiment I Cambricks and Lawns (Foreign) Im-of -	-	-	-	#io6l	portationof, on paying the Duties

Azores and Madeiras, Exportation of I	payable in Great Britain *86

57 Geo. III.

3 A

Hosted by

722

INDEX to the Public General Ads, 57° GEO. III.

Cape of Good Hope, regulating Trade and Commerce to and from

Cap. i

Carriages used in Huffiandry, explaining Ad relating to Tolls on -	37

Certificates of the Delivery of Goods from one Warehousing Port to another, for Exportation, limiting the Time of	-	- 116

Charitable Inftitutions,exonerating small, from Land Tax	-	- 100

Charity Societies, extending Provifions of 36 G. 3. c. 90. and 52 G. 3. c. 158. to	-	39

Clergy. See Reiidence, Spiritual Persons, and Stipendiary Curates,

Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal, Abolition of the Offices of 63

—	-----of Counties, settling Fees to be

taken by -	-	-	91

Coals and Culm carried coastwise, Duties on	96

—	------------and Cinders, allowing to

be brought to London and Weft-minfter -	-	-	114

Coals, prohibiting the Payment in Goods of Labourers employed in working -	-	-	122

Cochineal and Indigo, Ad for free Importation of, revived and continued -	-	-	23

Coffee, 52 G. 3. c. 149. revived and continued, for separating damaged from found, and permitting Dealers to fend out not exceeding 8lbs. without a Permit -	8

---------and	Sugar (Britiffi) allowing the

Exportation of, from Bermuda to America -	-	-	28

Colchester (Lord), settling Annuities on

47

Colheries, prohibiting Payment in Goods of Labourers in -	122

Coionics, Bahama Istands, permitting the Exportation of Salt from certain Ports of, in American Ships coming in Ballaft -	-	42

----------- Bermuda (111©), regulating

Trade between, and America, in certain Articles -	-	28

---- Britiffi, in North America, regulating the carrying of Paffen-gers to -	-	-	10

----------------Importation	to,	of	Oranges

and Lemons from the Azores and Madeiras -	-	Cap.	89

---------- Cape of Good Hope, regulating Trade and Commerce to and from -	-	-	1

---------- Mauritius (Ifle of), Regulating the Trade of -	- x

..........Newfoundland, extending the

Exportation of Wines, &c. from West Indies to, &c.	-	29

----------Porta Maria, Jamaica, and

Bridge Town, Barbadoes, allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, &c* to	74

Commerce. See Trade and Commerce. Confolidated Fund, authorizing Advance of Money from, for Public Works and Employment of the Poor, &c.

34

—	--------------- adjufting	Account	of,

and making good Deficiences 48 Confpiring against His Majeftv’s Person and Government, for detaining Persons suspected of -	3.	55

Constables, exempting Members of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry from the Office of	44

Copper Tokens, for preventing the Iffii-ing and Circulation of	46

Corn, Importation of, for a limited time 85 Cofts of Diftresses, levied for Payment of small Rents, Regulation of 93 County Rates, affeffing of -	94

Court of King’s Bench, facilitating the Progrefs of Bufinefs in -	11

----- of Exchequer, facilitating Equity

Suits in	-	-	18

---------- ——f regulating certain

Offices in	-	60

Crown A<ft 54 G. 3. c. 70. for improving the Land Revenue of, altered and enlarged	-	-	24

Curates (Stipendiary), Support and Maintenance of	-	99

Cuftoms, Buck Wheat imported, new Duties on -	-	-	27

—	-----,	Officers of, rewarding, for pre-

venting illicit Diftillation 40 ------—------------,	permitting, to remove Goods from one bonding Warehoufe to another in the fame Port -	-	116

-----------—	See Smuggling.

Hosted

723

INDEX to the Public General A&s, 57° GEO. III.

Biftillation (illicit), rewarding Officers of Cuftoms for preventing Cap. 40 Diftreffes levied for Payment of small Rents, regulating the Cofts of 93 Dollars issued by the Bank of England, preventing further Circulation of,

,113

Drawback on Paper allowed to Univer-fities, regulating -	76

Droits of Admiralty, settling Share of, payable to Greenwich Hofpital,

I27

Duties. See Cuftoms.

Dwelling Hcrufes solely employed in Trade, or for warehoufing Goods, Sec. exempting, from the Operation of the Affeffed Taxes 25 regulating Exemption

from Duties

128

Excife, Stone Bottles, for Blaeking, exempting from new. Duties on Cap. 119

Execution of the Laws, amending Two A&s for ...	*22

Executors of deceased licensed Navy Agents, authorizing to receive Prize Money, See. in certain Cafes -	-	-	118

Exportation of Britiffi Goods to America, direct, on certain Terms 58 Pig and Bar Iron, Prohi-

bition of, repealed during Peace 17 Salt, from certain Ports in

East India Company, regulating Trade of Places within the Limits of, and certain Places in the Mediterranean	-	-	36

—	-----------------}	exempting Terri-

tories of, from certain Navigation Laws	95

-----*-------------,	Court	of	Directors

of, empowered to make extraordinary Allowances in certain Cafes to Ship Owners -	120

Ele&ion of Members of Parliament, Regulation of -	-	*131

Equity Suits in Court of Exchequer, for facilitating the Hearing, &c. of 18 Exchequer, facilitating Equity Suits in the Court of -	-	18

----------, regulating certain Offices in

the Court of -	-	60!

----------, regulating the Offices of, in i

England and Ireland -	84	■

Exchequer Bills, authorizing the Iffue 1 of, for public Works, and for the Employment of the Poor, &c. 34 ! ----------------amended -	124

— ------——------- See	alfo	Loans.

Excife Officers, permitting, to remove

Goods from one bonding Ware-houfe to another in the fame Port -	-	-	116

------- Salt and Rock Salt, altering

and amending Laws on -	49

—	----Spirits, Duty on the Excefs of,

above certain Proportions 123 *------ Stone Bottles, new Duties on 32

the Bahama Istands, in American Ships coming in Ballaft -	42

------Silk Manufactures, additional Bounty on, continued 15 -—-— Woollen and Bay Yarn, by Licence, allowing -	*73

Extents in Aid, regulating the issuing of

117

Eyre, Wardens, Chief Judices, Justices, Sec. in, North and South of Trent, aboliffiing the Offices of	6t

Fees of Clerks of Counties, enabling Justices to fettle -	91

Female Offenders, aboliffiing the Puniffi-ment of Whipping on -	75

Fiffieries, authorizing the Iffue of Exchequer Bills and Advance of Money from the Confolidated Fund for	34

—-----------amended	-	-	124

•----------ACt	for	Improvement	of,	continued and amended -	*69

Frame-breaking, Proviftons against 126 Frauds by Tenants, altering Laws for preventing -	-	52

Friendly Societies,extending certain Pro-vifions of 36 G. 3. c. 90. and 52 G. 3. c. 158. to	-	39

Fuller’s Earth, &c. carrying Coaft wife 83 Funds, for transferring certain, in Great Britain, to certain Stocks or Funds in Ireland	79

Gage (Lord Viscount) ratifying Agreement of, with Commissioners of Woods and Forests, Sec. -	97

Game, preventing Persons going armed by Night for deftroying	90

Gibraltar, extending the Privileges of • the Trade of Malta to -	4

3 A 2

Hosted

724

INDEX to the Public General Acts, 57° GEO. III.

Grand Juries, regulating the Inveftiga-tion of Prefentments by, for Roads, &c.	.	Cap.	*107

Greenwich Hofpital, settling Share of Prize Money, Droits of Admiralty, See. payable to -	127

Hackney Coach or Chariot, authorizing the driving or keeping of, under the fame Licence -	125

Hufbandry (Carriages used in), explaining and amending A61 relating to Tolls on	-	"37

Importation, Buck Wheat, new Duties on	-	-	-	27

•-----------Cambricks and Lawns (Fo-

reign) on paying the Duties payable thereon in Great Britain *86

------------Cochineal and Indigo, free,

revived and continued -	23

------------Corn, &c. for a limited

time	85

------------and Exportation of certain

Goods, See. to Porta Maria, Jamaica, and Bridge Town, Bar-badoes -	-	-	74

Improvement of Land Revenue of Crown, Act for, altered and enlarged 24 Indemnity A6t; Offices, Scc. -	14

Indigo and Cochineal, free Importation of, A<tfor, revived and continued

23

Innkeepers, Rates to, on quartering Soldiers -	-	-	78

Iron (Pig and Bar) Prohibition of exporting, repealed during Peace 17

Jamaica (Porta Maria in the Isle of). See Importation.

Juries. See Grand Juries.

Justices of Peace, enabling to fettle Fees of Clerks of Counties -	91

King and Government, for securing and detaining Persons fufpebted of conspiring again!! -	3*55

—	for making perpetual certain Parts

of 36 G 3. c. 7. for the Safety and Prefervation of -	-	6

—	- A6t for improving Land Revenue

of, altered and enlarged	24

—	veiling Part of Common Lands in

Rialton and Retraighe, in 129

King’s Bench, facilitating Bufinefs m Court of	-	Cap.	11

Labourers in Steel, Sc c. prohibiting Payment of, in Goods -	115

---------in	the Collieries or in the working of Coals, prohibiting the Payment of, in Goods -	122

Land Revenue of the Crown, A6t for the Improvement of, altered and amended	-	-	24

- - -----------------------   empower-

ing Commissioners of, to make a Road from Milbank Row, Weft-minster, to the Penitentiary 54

----------—----------------*	ratifying

Agreement of Lord Viscount Gage with Commissioners of, &c.

97

Land Tax, exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Donations, from 100 Lawns (Foreign) Importation of, on paying Duties now payable thereon in G. B.	-	*86

Letters. See Board of Trade.

Life Annuities, amending and rendering more efFe6lual several A6ts, empowering Commissioners of National Debt to grant -	26

Loans, Annuities, Exchequer Bills, &c.

railing, issuing and funding, ^24,000,000, Exchequer Bills -	2

<§£18,000,000, Exchequer Bills -	16

s£ 9,000,000, Exchequer Bills -	80

,=£ 3,000,000, Treasury Bills	-	*81

London (Port of), altering the Hours for shipping Goods in	-	116

Lotteries -	31

Lunatic Poor, Eftablifhment of Afylums for	-	-	*106

Malt, continuing Annual Duties on - 5 Malta, extending the Privileges of the Trade of, to the Port of Gibraltar

4

Manflaugliters, for more effe6tually puniffiing, in Places out of His Majefty’s Dominions	-	53

Manufactures. See Silk Manufactures. Manure (Carriages carrying), removing Doubts as to Payment of Toll on

37

Marine Foroes, Regulation of -	13

Marriages in Newfoundland, regulating the Celebration of -	51

Hosted

INDEX to the Public General Ads, 57° GEO. III.

125

Mary le bone (St.), ratifying Purchafe of the Impropriate Redory of Cap. 98

Mediterranean, regulating Trade between certain Places in, and Places within the Limits of the East India Company’s Charter - Cap. 36 Members of Parliament, regulating the Eledion of	- -	'*131

Milbank Row, Westminster,	making

Road from, to the Penitentiary 54 Militia, fuspending, training, and regulating Quotas of	-	“57

--------- Adjutants, Allowances to - 102

—	..—	Difembodied, Pay and Clothing

of -	-	-	102.	*	103

--------Serjeant Majors, Allowances to

102

•	----- Serjeants, Corporals,	&c. re-

ducing Number of, while disembodied -	- -	*104

Militia, Subaltern Officers, Allowances to	102.	*103

—	---- Surgeons’ Mates, Allowances to

102

Mint,	regulating certain	Offices	in, and

abolifhing others	-	68

Murders in Places out of	His	Majefty’s

Dominions, for more effectual Punifhment of	53

Mutiny, 37 G. 3. c. 70. G. R. and 37 Gr. 3. (I.) revived and made perpetual, for Prevention and Punifhment of Persons exciting Sea or Land Forces ta Mutiny -	7

----- . Ad, Army -	12.39

•	---------Marines -	-	13

National Debt, amending and rendering more effectual several Ads empowering Commissioners of, to grant Life Annuities -	26

—	----------direding the Application

of Monies by the Commissioners for reducing -	-	48

Naval Stores, Prohibition of exporting certain, repealed during Peace

*7

Navigation Laws, exempting Territories of East India Company from certain	95

Navy, regulating the Pay of Officers of, in certain cafes	20

—	■“ 1 Bills, regulating the Intereft and

Payment of -	-	30

Navy, Treasurer of, regulating the Office of	Cap. 112

-----------------regulating Payments

to, under the Heads of Old Stores and Imprefts -	121

Newfoundland, extending the Exportation of Wares, &c. from West India Iflands to -	29

---------------regulating	the	Celebration of Marriages in -	51

Oaths, regulating the Adminiftration of, to Officers of Army and Navy, in certain cafes	92

Officers on Half Pay, allowing, to hold certain Commiffions in Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry -	44

------ of Sea and Land Foroes, regulating the Adminiftration of Oaths to -	-	-	92

Offices and Employments, annual Duties on	-	-	5

------ Indemnity -	-	14

—-----enabling Persons holding during

Pleafure at the Demife of the King, to continue in the fame until removed by the succeeding Sovereign	45

------in the Court of Exchequer, regulating certain	60

------of Wardens, Chief Justices and

Justices in Eyre, North and South of Trent, Abolition of	61

Offices, certain, Abolition of some, and Regulation of others *62.64

-------- of Clerks of the Signet and

Privy Seal, regulating -	63

------recompenfing the Services of

Persons holding, or who may have held, certain high and efficient Civil Offices	-	65

------ regulating Board of Trade, &c. 66

-------- regulating some, and abolifhing

others in the Mint	-	67

------* amending Laws relating to

Sheriffs -	*68

------regulating the Offices of Exchequer in England and Ireland 84

Paper, regulating the Drawback on, allowed to Univerfities -	76

Parliament, regulating the Ele&ion of Members of -	-	*131

Paffengers, regulating the Veffels carrying, to British Colonies -	10

Hosted

726

INDEX to the Public General Ads, 51° GEO. III.

Pay of Naval Officers, regulating, in certain cases -	-	Cap. 20

Paymafler General and Secretary at War, transferring Office of Agent General to	- -	46

Penitentiary,	making	Road from	Mil-

bank	Row,	Weftminster, to	- 54

Penfions and Perfonal Estate, Annual Duties on .	-	-	5

Polls, Regulation of -	-	*131

Poor (Employment of), authorizing the IffueofExchequerBills,&c.for 34

—------------------- Aft for, amended

124

---- (Lunatic) Eftabliffiment of Afy-

lums for -	-	-	*106

Poftage. See Board of Trade.

Poll Horse Duties, letting to Farm, and Recovery, &c. of	59

Prefervation of the Peace. See Watch-ing and Warding.

*	------------------------>	Law	provid-

ing for, continued	-	*'50

Prince Regent, for the Safety and Prefervation of	-	-	6

Prifons, amending Laws concerning *71 Privy Seal, abolifhingOfficeof Clerk of 63 Prize Money to Army, regulating Payment of, &c.	77

*	----~~----fettling Share of, payable

to Greenwich Hofpital -	127

Public Funded Debt, Charge of Additions to, provided for -	*83

Public Works, authorizing the Iffue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money from Confolidated Fund, for carrying on -	34

-------------amended	-	124

Recognizances (forfeited), amending Laws concerning -	*56

Redemption of Land Tax, further Pro-vifion for -	-	joo

Rents, altering Law for securing Payment of	52

Rents (Small) regulating the Coils of Diflreffes levied for -	93

Refidence of Spiritual Persons, enforcing

99

Rialton and Retraighe, veiling part ot Common Lands at, in the King

129

Rock Salt, altering and amending Ex-cife Laws on -	-	49

Rogues and Vagabonds, repealing 39 8c 40 G. 3. c. 50. and 56 G. 3. c. 130. concerning - Cap. 90

Salt, fee Exportation.

----and Rock Salt, altering and amending Excife Laws concerning 49 Savings’-Banks, Eftabliffiment of *105.

I3°

Seamen, seducing from their Allegiance ; 37G.3. c.70. G.B. and37 G.3. (I.) revived and made perpetual	7

--------reducing	Allowance	of	Spirits,

See, to, on ffiort Voyages -	33

Seditious Practices, making perpetual certain Partsof 36G.3. c.7.againil 6 Seizures for Breach of Revenue, Colonial, Navigation and Slave Abolition Laws, securing of, to Greenwich Hofpital -	-	-	-	127

Sheriffs, amending Laws relating to *68 Shipping Goods, altering Hours of, in the Port of London -	-	116

--------Owners of. See Eafl India

Company.

Signet (Clerk of), aboliffiing Office of 63 Silk	Manufactures exported, additional

Bounties on, continued	-	15

Smuggling, Prevention of	-	87

Snuff, annual Duties on -	5

Soidlers, seducing from their Allegiance; 37 G. 3. c. 70. G. B. and 37 G. 3. (I.) revived and made perpetual -	"7

---—- fixing Rates of Subfiflence to

Innkeepers on quartering -	78

Spirits, reducing Allowance of, to Seamen on ffiort Voyages	-	33

------continuing	ACls for regulating

the Trade in, between G. B. and Ireland -	-	-	-	72

------regulating	the collecting, &c. of

Duties on	-	-	*110

Spirits, Duty on the Excefs of -	123

Spiritual Persons holding Farms, amending Laws concerning, &c, -	99

Stipendiary Curates, Support and Maintenance of	-	99

Stone Bottles, new Duties on	32

--------------made and used for Liquid

Blacking solely, exempting from new Duties thereon -	-119

Sugar, annual Duties on -	-5

*3

Hosted

INDEX to the Public General Ads, 57° GEO. III.

727-

Sugar, British Plantation, imported into Bermuda, allowing to be exported thence to America, &c. Cap. 28

-----— refined otherwise than by claying,

Bounties on -	“43

Suita in the Court of King’s Bench, facilitating -	-	11

----- in Equity in the Court of Exchequer, facilitating -	-18

Supplies, Appropriation of -	-	132

Sweets, suspending Duties on	-	in

Taxes, affeffect, explaining and amending ACt for -	-	25

Tea, reducing the Allowance of, to Seamen on fiiort Voyages	-	33

Tenants, altering Law for Payment of Rent, and preventing Frauds by

52

Tobacco, annual Duties on -	“5

----------- reducing Allowance of, to

Seamen on fiiort Voyages	-	33

Tobacco Pipe Clay, carrying coastwise 88 Tokens (Copper), preventing the issuing and Circulation of -	-	46

----- (Bank of England), preventing

the Circulation of -	- 113

Tolls on Carriages used in Hufbandry, &c.,explaining ACt relating to 37 Trade, Dwelling Houfes solely employed in, exempting from AfTefTedTaxes

25

Trade amd Commerce, to and from the Cape of Good Hope, and of the Ifie of Mauritius -	1

•---------------------of	Malta, extend-

ing the Privileges of, to the Port of Gibraltar -	-	4

———--------------—-— to and from Places

within the Limits of East India Company’s Charter, and certain Places in the Mediterranean 36

----------------------- in Spirits between

Great Britain and Ireland, regulating -	-	-	72

Training of Militia, suspending -	57

Tranfport Bills, regulating the Intereft and Payment of	-	30

Treafon — For detaining Persons fuf-pe&ed of conspiring againsi: the King and Government Cap. 3. 55 Treafon — Makingperpetualcertain Parts 0136 G. 3. c.y.for the Safety and Prefervation of His Majefty’s Per-fon and Government againsi: trea-fonable and seditious Practices, and for the Safety and Prefervation of the Person of His Royal Highness the Prince Regent againsi: treasonable Practices 6 Treasurer of the Navy, regulating the Office of	-	-	-	112

----—.... -	■ -	 regulating	Payments to, under the Heads of Old Stores and Imprefts -	-	121

Trent, abolishing the Offices of Warden, &c. North and South of -	61

Trinity, relieving from certain Penalties certain Persons impugning the DoCtrine of the -	-	*70

Univerfities, regulating the Drawback on *,	Paper	allowed	to	-	-	76

Vexatious Arrefiis, Adis for preventing, continued -	101

Vagabonds. See Rogues and Vagabonds* Victualling Bills, regulating Intereft and Period of Payment of -	3°

Volunteer Cavalry,. quartering when on Duty, and exempting from Office of Constable -	-	-	44

Watching and Warding, continuing ACt for	...	38

Wines (Made),fufpendingDutieson m Whipping of Female Offenders, abolifh-ing Punifhment of	"75

Woolien, or Bay Yarn, allowing Exportation of, by Licence - *73

—--------- Manufactures, abolifiiing Sub-

fidy and Alnage of -	*109

Yeomanry, quartering when on Duty, and exempting from Office of Conftable	....	44

