LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are Temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i.e. to the End of the next session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c. from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

All Acts in this List, not distinguished by the Letters (q.P.) are Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be defined and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded."

(q.P.) Quasi Public Acts, i.e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others."

Cap. i.

---

38 <5.3* e. si. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Thirty eighth and

43 g»3* c.iii. Forty third Years of His present Majesty, for more effectually

repairing that Part of the Roads from Manchester to Roehdaliy Bury and Radcliffe Bridge, all in the County Palatine of Lon-castery which is called The Manchester DifriB; and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith. (b) [6th December 1813.]

Cap. ii.

©. 3.17j. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chejbuuty in the County of Hertford. (q. P.) [6th December 1813.]

Cap

Cap. iii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His n G.3, prefen t Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Colling- 3^0.3.* bam % through Wetherby, to the City of York, (r)

[loth December 1813.]

[.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His pre- 12 g. 3. sent Majesty, for repairing the Road from the West End of Saint 33 G.3. Ives Laney in the Town of Saint Neots in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge. (c) [14th December 1813.]

[Ten Additional Trustees may be appointed. Tolls may be raised or increased according to Table or Rate herein mentioned. Tolls may be lessened or reduced, and raised again to Tolls respectively hereby granted

Cap. v.

An Act for the Improvement of Bryanston Square, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

[17th December 1813.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for the Improvement of Dorset Square, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

[17th December 1813.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for the Improvement of Montagu Square, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bones in the County of Middlesex.

[17th December 1813.]

Cap. viii.

An Act to enable The Sun Life Assurance Society to sue and be fned in the Name of their Chairman or Secretary, under certain Regulations. _ Ll7^ December 1813.]

Cap. ix.

An Act to enable The Sun Fire Office Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Treasurer, under certain Regulations.

[17th December 1813.]

Cap. x.

An Act to enable The West of England Fire and Life Insurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary.

[17th December 1813.]

Cap. xi.

An Act to enable the Company of The County Fire Office to sue ani be sued in the Name of their Managing Director, or any- other Director.

[aoth December 1813.]

Caps

8S

c. 68.

c. 90. c.i St.

9&S

Cap. xii;

' Ad to Enable The Imperial Infurnnce Company to sue and be fuei in the Name of the Chairman for the Time being, or of ahy other Member of the Company.

[26th December 1813.]

Cap. xiii.

48 G. 3. c. 7a An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Rea, a the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and for making Other Improvements therein mentioned.

[20th December 1813.]

[Additional Trtflees. Tolls granted.]

Cap. xiv*

32 G. 3.«. 1x7. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of Hi*

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Canterbury Lane, within the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, to a Place in the Parish of Folkestone called Mudjbile, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent. \c) [20th December 1813.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls an Sunday.]

Cap. v.

12 G. 3. c. 91. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of Hit

34 G. 3. c. 116. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Warwick Road near Solihull to the Guide roll in Kenilworth» and from 1bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road at Balfall Common, in the County of Warwick, so far as respects the said Road from Stone-bridge to Balfall Common, and from thence to the said Town of Kenilworth. (c) \ [29th March 1814.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xvi.

42 G.3. e. viii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Woodbridge to Eye, in the County of Suffolk; and for repairing certain other Road* t4 communicate therewith, (a) [19th April 1814.]

[Additional TtuJUts Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. trn.

x*G. 3. c. 107. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, paTfoT

33 G. 3. e. j 78. so the Twelfth and Thirty third Years of His present Majesty,

for repairing the Road from the Parish of Car ding ton to the great Northern Road near Temsford Bridge in the County of Bedford; and for making and maintaining a Road branching out of the same,

t Ronton Hill) to the South End of the Turnpike Road leading from Bedford to Kimbohon, ift the County of Huntingdon, (r)

[4th May 1814.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xvifi.

33 G. 3. c. 173. An Act for repairing the Road from Barrow Hill in Ashford\ to a

repealed. Place Called Hew England, in the Parish of Hollmgborae, and for

making

C. xviii — iXT»

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

jnaking a new Road thence to East Lane, in the Town of MaiJ-Jlont, all in the County of Kentt( )[4th May 1814.]

987.

Cap. xix

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His pre- 33 G. 3. c. 14& lent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cockerton Bridge to StainJropt in the County of Durham.

[a) [4th May 1814.]

Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease> new Tolls granted*]

Cap. x*.

An Act for watching, lighting and cleansing the Town of Gosport, 3 c. 3. c.jl in the County of Southampton; and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for better paving the Streets and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the said Town..[4th May 1814.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His 31 G.». c. 45.

late and present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads leading from i9G*3* c. 81. South Motion, in the County of Devon. (a) [4th May 1814.]* c*'*

£Additional Trustees Former Tolls So cease, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His 34 G. 3. c. 143.'present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lyne Bridge,

' through Longtown, to the Scotch Dyke, and from Longtown to the Bridge over the River Sark, in the County of Cumberland, and for repairing certain other Road3 to communicate therewith. (3)

[4th May 1814.] £Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xxbi. '

An Act for lighting, watching and regulating the Police within tke Borough of Macclesfield, in the County or Chester.

[4th May 1814.]r

Cap. Xxiv.

An Act for amending and widening the Road, commencing at or near the Side Gate on the Hinckley and Lutterworth Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Burbage, in the County of Leicester, to the Leicester Turnpike Road, in or near to the Village of Nar bo rough, in the said County, (j) [4th May 1814.]

£Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present 33 g. 3. c. 139* Majesty, for repairing the Roads frotn Darlington to West Auckland, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Durham. (a) [4th May 1814.]

[, Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Waggons, &c. carrying Goods, Coals, &o. bclmtezn '

Thirty first Day of October and the First Day of April.]

l Cap.

998

iiG.j. e-9<5.

3»G.3.

I3G.3. 1.161

33 G. 3. c. 16J.

33 O.*. #. 139.

17 G. a. c. 21. JIG. 3.C. 63. G. 3. c. 232.

C xxvi — xxxii. 54° GEO. III. A.D. 18x4*

Cap. xxri.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from Burlton, through Knocking to Llanymynech, in the County of Salop y and other Places therein mentioned. («) [4th May 1814.]

[Tolls inertaftd.]

Cap. xyLy'u.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Marsh I^ane in Ashford, in the County of Kent, to the End of the Parish of Orlefione, near Stockbridge, in Romney Marsh, in the said County, (r) [4th May 1814.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His pit-sent Majesty for repairing the Roads from Well Harbtry to the Bath and Wells Turnpike Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing certain other Roads to communicate therewith. (*) [4th May 1814.]

[.Adttional Tru/hes. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted

Double Tolls on Sanday."]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Turnpike Road between North Shields and Newcaflte upon Tyne, to Morpeth Castle, and for making and maintaining Three several Branches of Road to communicate therewith j all lying in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, (a) [4th May 1814.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Selby Ferry, in the Parish of Hemingb rough, to the Town of Market Weigh ton, in the East Riding of the County of York, (c) [4th May 1814.] [Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for continuing and amending Three Afte, One of His late Majesty, and Two of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Middleton Tyas Lane End to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York. (a) [4th May 1814.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for rebuilding the Chapel of Newton, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster

[4th May 1814.]

All Saints Chapel."

tap

54° GEO. III. C. xxxiii — xxxlx.

S?9

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of PuUenham, in the County of Hertford. (q. P.) [4th Map 1814.]

:Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, $ 29, 30.

1

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bray, in the County of Berks, (q. P.) [4th May 1814.]

i* Allotment to The King as Lord of the Manor of Bray, in right of 5 €< his Crown, §13. Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §19.

: €* Extract of Award transmitted to Commissioners of His Majesty's [ " Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or Surveyor General of i u Land Revenues, §46.

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Bewaldeth, in the Parish of Torpenhow, in the County of Cumberland, (q. P.)

[4th May 1814.]

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §19.

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for enclosing Lands in the Township of Hockwold atm Wilton, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P-) [4th May 1814.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Highstone Common, in the Parish of Bewcastle, in the County of Cumberland, (q. P.) [4th May 1814.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lowestoft, in the County of Suffolk, (q. P.) [4th May 1814.]

u After the Allotments particularly mentioned, the Commissioners " to allot the Residue to Six Trustees, Inhabitants of Lowestoft, " who are to let the same on Lease (except as to Allotment on w Church Green) for Terms not exceeding Eight Years or Fourteen Years as therein mentioned, and to pay the Rent to the Commissioners, who are to apply the same in the first Place in Dif-" charge of the Debt incurred on the new Paving and Improve-" mems, and after the Discharge of such Debt, then towards the Expences of lighting, watching, cleansing and otherwise u improving the said Town of Lowestoft, and when the said Rent not wanted for the Purposes aforesaid, then to be applied* for the general Benefit and Utility of said Town and the Inha- bitants thereof, as the Commissioners shall think fit, according to " 50 G. 3. r.xlii.

Cap. xxlix.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Attonby, in she Parish of Bromfield, in the County of Cumberland. (q. P.)

[4th May 1814.] Cap.

39 ft 40 g. 3.

c. xlvii. §54.

45 G. 3. c. lviii. 13-

jzG. 3. c.cxiv.

Time for completing Works further extended.

Power* of London Dock Acts extended to

Aa.

Cap. xl.

An Act for enhrging and amending the Power* and Frorifioos tf the several Acts for making the London Docks.

[18th May 1814.]

WHEREAS the Time limited for the Completion of the Docks, Entrances, and other Works and Buildings of the London Dock Company, under an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for maiic* Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Worksyfor the yreater Acccm-modation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, a.'itha the Port of London, and under other Acts passed to amend and extend the Powers of the said Act 5 and which Period was extended by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and further extended by another Act, paced in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing further Time for the Completion oj the Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings, belonging to lie London Dock Company, will expire upon the Twentieth Day of June, in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: And Whereas the greater Part of the Docks, Works and Buildings, Entrances and Basons, authorized and required to be erested, built and made under the said Acts, have been long completed and in use; but Part of the Works necessary for the Completion thereof, cannot be completed within the Period k& mentioned; and it is therefore necessary that such Period should be further extended: May it therefore phase Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Period limited by the said la It recited Act of the Fifty second Year aforesaid, for the Completion of the said Docks, Basons, Entrances, CuU, Quays and Wharfs, and oilier Works and Buildings, authorized to be made, erected and built by the said London Dock Company, under the said feverst Act«, Hull be and the fume is hereby extended to the Twentieth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord Questhousand eight hundred and twenty.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Cia ifes Matters and Things, in relation to the making, eroding, building and completing all or any of the Docks, Basons, Entrance*, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings aforesaid, contained in; »U or any of the A&h made and now in force relating to the Completion of the said Docks of the said London Dock Company, shall be and remain and continue in full force and effect, for the Purposes of the several Acts relating to the Docks, Basons, Entrances, Cuts, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings of the said London Dock Company, and the Completion thereof, during such further and extended Period as last aforesaid, as fully iu all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further and extended Period had been given by the said recited Act of the Fifty second Year aforesaid, ancTas if such Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, had been specially and particularly rc-enacted in and made Fart of this Act.

C. xl — xW.

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Public AG. and taken to be a Public Act 5 and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially

pleaded.

Cap. xli.

An Act for amending the Powers and Provisione relating to the 46O. j. Poor's Rates, of an Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining c- , xxviii the Poor, and cleansing the Streets, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex.

[18th May 1814.5

Cap. xlii.

An Act for enabling the Severn and JVye Railway and Canal Com- 49 G-3-c. dit. pany to raise a further Sum of Money*for the Completion of s° c*

their Works.

[18th May 1814.5 51 A*C*<

[30, 000l.]

ccxv.

cxciii.

Cap. xliii.

An Act for the better Management and Relief of the Poor in the.

Parish of Lewisham9 in the County of Kent, and for better assessing and collecting the Parochial Rates in the said Parish.

[18th May 1814.]

[ Vtflry to nominate Eighteen Househeepers to execute Act under the Title of "The Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of Lewi (ham in the County of Kent."]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for amending and more effectually carrying into Execution the 16 G. 3. c. 9. Purposes of certain Acts of the Sixteenth, Twenty third and Twenty*3 3*

ninth Years of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Em-ploymeat of the Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe9 in the County of Norfolk.

[18th May 1814.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommo* dations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Affixes for the County, of Warwick.

[18th May 1814.]

WHEREAS the Lodgings in the Town of Warwick, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the County of Warwick, are very inconvenient, and do not afford proper and ' suitable Accommodation to them during their Residence in the said Town: And Whereas the Justices of the Peace for the said County, assembled at the Quarter Sessions holden at Warwick, on the Thirteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thir*

teen, and also the Grand Jury of the said County, at the Spring«Alhzes in the same Year, having duly considered the Propriety of

procuring a better Accommodation for the Judges, were of Opinion that such Accommodation ought to be procured, and that there appears no Mode of procuring permanent suitable Accommodation for them but by the Expenditure of a considerable Sum of Money,

H either in the Purchase, repairing or building of some House for f that Purpose: And Whereas the same cannot be done without V the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please

Your

C. xlv.

99*

Justices at Quarter Sessions enabled to make Orders for providing Lodgings, kc« for Judges.

Clerk of the 1'eace remunerated for Trouble in executing Att.

Justices may borrow Money on Credit of County Rates.

54° GEO. III.

AD* 1814

Your Majesty That it may be enabled; and be' it esadled by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cotw sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden after the passing of this Act at Warwick* in and for the said County of Warwick, and afterwards at any subsequent General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County then and the Te assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Order or Orders for the building, repairing, purchasing, providing and furnishing, in the Town of Warwick, any House, or any Piece of Land whereon a House may be built, with suitable Offices and Accommodations for the Residence of His Majesty* Judges at the Assizes for the said County, with their Officers and Attendants, and for transacting the Business usually transacted at the Lodgings of His Majesty's Judges during the Assizes, as to them the said Justices so assembled, or the major Part of them, shall from time to time appear expedient and necessary, and for paying, discharging and defraying all the Expences, Coils and Charges of and attending the purchasing1, erecting, building, providing and furnishing of the lame, and of eflcdling and carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, by and out of the Public Stock or County Rates of the said County, subject to such Restrictiona and Provisions as are herein after contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace assembled at any General or Quarter SdTions for the said County, from time to time to order and direct such Salaries or Allowances to be paid, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, to the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for assisting in the Execution of this Act, or for executing any Rules, Orders or Regulations to be made in pursuance thereof, as shall be thought reasonable by the said Justices.

III. And, for the more speedy and effectually carying into Execution the Powers of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or the major Part of such Justices, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the County Rates to be made, raised and assessed upon and within the fnd County, and by Writing tinder their Hands and Seals, to mortgage or assign over any such Rates to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money, or to his, her or their Trustees, as a Security for the Repayment of any Money to be advanced for the Purpchs of this Act, with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall be in Proportion to the Sums in such Securities mentioned, Creditors on the said Rates equally one with another, without any Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing such Money, gr the Dates of any such Mortgages or Alignments; and every such Mortgage or Assignment shall be good, valid and efiedhal m tie Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

C. xlv.

993

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

v IV. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Per* Securities for fons entitled to any of the Securities to be given for Money advanced Money Uaai* for the Purposes of this Act, and their respective Executors, Ad- ferrab * ministrators or Assigns, at any time by Writing under their Hands and Seals to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and Copies of all Mortgages and Alignments which shall be made in puriitance of this Act, and Extracts or Memorials of all Transfers thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, which Extracts or Memorials shall specify and contain the Dates, Names of the Parties, and the Sums of Money thereby secured, to which Book any Person interested shall at all seasonable times have access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the same without Fee or Reward y and for the Entry of every such Transfer, the said Clerk of the Peace shall be paid by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made, ^the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and after such Entry made e*of any such Transfer, every such Transfer so entered shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, and his, her and their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred. '

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money Money ex-to be expended in the purchasing, building, eresting, providing, pended not t# fitting up-and furnishing such House, Buildings, Ofnces, Accoirt- exceed 15, 0001. snodation8. Furniture and Appurtenances as are by this Act directed,

shall not in the whole exceed the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds:

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Justices so aflem- Expences of bled as aforesaid, to raise any further Sum or Sums of Money over Act. and above the said Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, which shall be -found wanting to discharge and pay all the Costs, Charges and Expences- incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Inter eft for any Money which may be lent or advanced by any Person or Persons for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices enabkd Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, and to Pu.rchale they are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time to treat, LaTds for Pur-contract and agree with the Owners of, and Persons interested in, ases of*ony Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments which they shall F

judge to be proper or necessiory for the Purposes of this Act, for the Putdiafe thereof, and by and out of the said Public Stock and County Rates of the said County, to pay, or cause to be paid, for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, such Sum or -Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between such Owners and Persons interested as aforesaid and the said Justices; and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase as aforesaid; and upon Payment of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments as uforeftrid, it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace* Or any Two or snore of them, their Surveyors, Workmen or Agents, at any time thereafter, to enter upon and take Possession of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and the same shall be conveyed to the Clerk of the Peace for die find County of Wmrmtk for the Purposes of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Sudies^Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or enabled to

54 Geo. III. 3 S Sole, feU*

994

C. xlv.

Contracts valid*

Trustees. Sec. indemnified.

Application of Compensation when amounting toaooL

54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Sole, tod all Hu (bands, Trustees or Feoffees in TYuft, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, and all other Trustees whom* soever, not only for and on Behalf of themfehres, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cefhuque Trusts, whether Infants, I flue unborn. Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, to treat, contract and agree with the said Justices, or the major Part of them, so affemUed as aforesaid, for the Sale of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Her* ditaments, and of all their Interest therein or in any Part thereof, and to convey the same to such Person or Persons for the Purposes of thb Ad, and in such manner as they the said Justices, or the major Pan of them, so assembled as aforesaid, shall direct, and as Occassion (hsH require; and all Cootracts, Sales and Conveyances which shall be ib made, shall be valid to all Intents % tfd Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage or other Matter to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and all and every such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Trustees, Feoffees, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, and all other Person* shall be, and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money (hsH be agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any Houses, Buildings, Lasd* Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased by virtue of the rovren of the Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or other TruRec, or for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Femes Covert or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person or Persons whose Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are timited in ftrid and other Settlements, or to any Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, ia cue the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of EngLmd* in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account t* parte the Justices of the Peace for the County of Warwick, to the intent tint such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Pterions - who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting any other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, standrag settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and investted, under the like Dmedion and Ap» probation of the said Court* in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings,

C.x It.

995

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner, as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making the Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invelled by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under anyjDilability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid mto the Bank with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed to be paid as last before mentioned shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the yfe of the Person or Persons who would for the time being hp.ve been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Justices, or the major Part of them, so assembled as aforesaid, shall think fit 5 or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use aq& Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

3 S % 1 XL Pro-

Application where Com pen* fat ion is less than ooool. and exceeds sol.

Application where Money is leis than sol.

99*

C. xlv.

Court may order reasonable

Expences of Purchases to !>e paid by Justices.

Clerk of the Peace to give Notice to Sheriff when House,

&c. is completed.

Purchases under Act veiled in Clerk of the Peace, &c.

54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by season of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands* Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Athe Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of act Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order to be paid by the said Justices of the Peace out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sum* of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall diredL

XII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as such House, Buildings, Offices and Accommodations shall have been provided and furnilhedand put into a proper State for the Reception of His Majesty*! Judges as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Warwick for the time being, and be is hereby required forthwith to give Notice thereof to the High Sheriff of the County of Warwick for the time being; and it shall be lawful for such Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, within Eight Days previous to any Affixes to be holden for the same County, to enter upon and occupy the (kid House, Buildings and Offices so to be appropriated for toe Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, and also the Fonriturt and Utensils in the same, in order that he may prepare and make ready the same for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy delivering to the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, an Inventory or Schedule of all Furniture and Articles of Household Use appertaining to the said House and Premises, and the said Sheriff to be accountable for the due Care and Redelivery of the same, all reasonable Damage or Lose by Wear and Tear excepted 5 and the said High Sheriff, Under Sheriff, and every Person or Persons to be employed by them, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to require all and every Tenant or Tenants of the said Premises, and all other Person or Persons then and there found therein, to remove and quit the same, £or the Reception and Accommodation of the Judges as aforesaid 5 and in case of Refhfal To to remove and quit, taking to his and their Assistance a Constable or Peace Officer, to displace and remove the Person or Persons so refilling, without being liable or subject to any Action for Trripass, or any Indictment for forcibly Entry or otherwise for so doing.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That any House, Buddings, Offices and Accommodations, with the Appurtenances, with all Furniture therein so to be provided as aforesaid, and the Lands and Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, with their Appurtenances, shall at all rimes from and after the same shall have been (b erected, built, finished, fitted up and fiirniftied, be veiled in, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the Clerk of the Peace fist the said County, for the rime being, for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Justices of the reace for the fed County, assembled at any General or Quarter Stffioius or the major Part of them, from time to rime as they mar think proper, ts let any House, Building, Land, Furniture and Prqnifes to beptf*

IS ebafri

I

C. xlv.

997

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

chafed or provided under the Provisions of this Act, to any Person or Persons, from Year to Year, or for any shorter Period, for the bed Rent that can be gotten for the same, nevertheless reserving thq Premises for the Use of His Majesty's Judges during the Assizes, and subject to the Power hereinbefore given, to enter upon the same Eight Days previous thereto, and also reserving full Powers for Payment of the Rent and Recovery thereof 5 and the Rent to be received for the same, or so much thereof as may be requisite, shall be annually expended and applied by Order of the said Justices in defraying any Expences which may be incurred in cleaning, airing or repairing the said House, Buildings, Furniture and Premises; and in case any Surplus shall remain after such Expenditure, and after any other Payments by this Act authorized to be made, the same shall be annually paid to the Treasurer of the said County, and form Part of the Public Stock or Fund of the said County.

XIV. And whereas it may be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act to purchase more Land or Buildings man it may be absolutely necessary to retain for the Purposes of this Act; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices Land or Build-so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, and they are ingsnot wanted, hereby empowered from time to time to cause any such Land or maybe rtfoW' Buildings to be sold and disposed of, together or in Pareels, either

by Public Sale or Private Contract fas they shall find most advantageous and convenient), and to order the same to be conveyed by Indenture or Indentures, under the Hand and Seal of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same, and to apply the Monies to arise by such Sale or Sales to and for the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers shall not b^ obliged to fee to the Application of such Purchase Money, nor bfc accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof, or of any Part thereof; and the Receipt and Receipts of the Treasurer of the said County for all such Purchase Monies, shall be a sufficient Discharge to any Person or Persons for his, her or their Purchase Monies.

XV. And be it further enacted, That during such time as any Allowance to

House, Buildings and Offices to be provided by virtue of this Act Sheriff for shall be used for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges at the Judge*' Lodg-Afsizes, all and every Sum and Sums of Money allowed to the Sheriff inss Paul °*er to of the said County, out of His Majesty's Exchequer for such Lodg- or

ings and Accommodations, shall be paid over by the said Sheriff to

the Treasurer of the said County, to be taken and applied as Part of the Public Sock of the said County, collected under the Rates for the same County.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from time to time, and at How the Re-all times whenever such House, Buildings, Offices or Accommoda- purs made, &c. tions shall require Aiterations, or shall become out of Repair or any Furniture thereto belonging shall become unfit for the Use of the said Judges, then and in every such case the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them shall, as the same may become necessary, direct the making of such Repairs and supplying of all Matters, Things and Furniture wanting from time to time, and the Discharge of all Taxes and Demands upon the said House, Buildings and Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for such Justices, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized to direct

C. xlr.

90 8

54'1 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Insurance.

Anions, fee. In Name of Clerk of the Peace.

Witnesses.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

that such Sum or Sums as shall be expended in the Repairs or Supply of such Matters, Things or Furniture as mav from time to tune become necessary as aforesaid, if the Rent of the said Premises shall not be sufficient for that Purpose, to be defrayed by the Treasurer of the said County, out of any Money in his Hands of any County Rate, or to make any Rate for that Purpose 5 and the Treasurer of the said County is hereby authorized and required to pay any Sum of Money so ordered by such Justices and such Order shall be a sufficient Authority or Discharge to the said Treasurer for such Money; and that it shall be lawful for the said Justices to appoint a proper Person with a competent Salary and Allowance, to take care of the said House, Buildings and Offices, and to have the Charge of the Furniture, being in the said House; and also it shall be lawful for the said Justices to order the said House, Buildings and Offices, and Furniture, to be insured from Fire, and the Sum or Sums of Money so to be expended, and all Charges incident thereto, to be defrayed and paid out of the said County Rates in manner aforesaid, or out of any Rents which may be received for the said House and Premises.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace for the time being for the said County, may sue and be sued for or in respect of any Claim, Contract or other Matter or Thing made or done, or to be made or done, or in any way arising under the Authority of this Act, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity 5 and that no Action or Suit, to be brought or commenced by or against the said Clerk of the Peace by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace, or by any Act of the said Clerk of the Peace, done without the Coa-sent of the said Justices, but such Clerk of the Peace for the time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such A6hon or Suit nominally, but the same shall be carried on and defended under the Direction of the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, and the Damages (if any) shall be levied^ and also all Expences be by them defrayed in like manner as the other Charges under this Act$ and the said House, Buddings, Offices, Furniture and Appurtenances, and all Furniture, Articles, Matters and Things therein or thereunto belonging, or any Land or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of this Act, shall in any Indictment or Indictments be laid, alleged and described to be the Property of the said Clerk of the Peace for the time being, and under the Style and Description of "The Clerk of the Peace for the County of WarwickProvided also, that in all and every Action or Actions, Suit or Suits to be brought; and commenced as aforesaid, no Person or Persons whomsoever shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by Reason of his, her or their paying or contributing towards the Public Stock of the said County, or by reason of his, her or their being charged with or liable to pay any of the Public Rates of the said County

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, after Six Months next after the Fad committed or Cause of Action accrued, for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and

999

give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Public A a. and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

s

Cap. xlvi.

An Act to enable The Birmingham Mining and Copper Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary.

[l8th May 1814.]

Cap. zlvii.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the Thirty third 33 O 3.0.148. Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road between Gateshead and Hexham, near Lobley Hill, in the County of Durham, to Burtry Ford\ in the Parish of Stanhope, in the same County, together with several Branches therefrom. (a) [18th May 1814.]

Additional Trustees, Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls in certain cases.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present 3* <*.3. c. 144. Majesty, for amending, widening, altering and repairing the Road from Swell Wold to the Turnpike Road from Tewkesbury to Stow, in the County of Gloucester, and from the PariOi of Cheltenham, in the said County of Gloucester, to Sedgborough, in the County of Wores/ler, and from the Town of Winchcomb, in the said County of Gloucester, to the said Turnpike Road from Tewkejbwry to Stow* (b) [18th May 1814.]

[, Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act to cctotinue the Term and alter and enlarge the Pbwers of1 O. 3. c. 97. Three Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from 14 c*l04*

Bejfcljleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of 21 c'

Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the said County, and in the County of Wilts* (c) [18th May 1814.]

[Power to appoint Additional Trustees.3

Cap 1.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Swindon to or near Knighton Farm, in the Parish of Ramfkury, and from Lidding ton to the Road leading from Swindon to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, la) [18th May 1814.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday. 3

Cap. h*

An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Sturry Strict to Heme Bay, in the County of Ktut.\b) [18th May 1814.]

3 S 4 Cap.

IOOOO

C. Hi — lvii.

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 18xv

Cap lii.

31 G. 2. c. 51. An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Power* of Three 17 G. 3. c. 81. Acts, made for repairing the High Road leading from Brent

39 & 40 G. 3. Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gafking Gate, in or near the

e'vl* Borough of Plymouth, in the said County of Devon. (a)

[18th May 1814.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tails on Sunday, in certain cases.]

Cap. liii.

29 G. 3. c. 83. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Twenty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms or several Acts for repairing the Roads from Colejhill, through the City of Lichfield, and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield. (a) [18th May 1814.]

[.Road divided into Two DifiriSi, and former Trustees to continue Trustees forjirfl DiflriEt; new Trustees appointed for second DiJlriQ Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. DoubleTolls on Sunday.]

Cap liv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Balderffon to Burs cough Bridge in Walton in le Dale, in the County Palatine of Leal-caster. (a) [18th May 1814.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lv.

33 3* c. 150. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

Powers, of an Act of His present Majesty for widening and maintaining the Road leading from the East Side of the Market Place in New Sleaford to and through die Town of sin wick, in the County of Lincoln; and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County; and for building a Bridge over the Wbhmm, at or near to Tattershall Ferry, (c) [18th May 1814.]

[Former Tolls to cease (except as to the Bridge), and new Tolls t granted.]

- Cap. lvi.

3a G 3 c. 139. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for making a Road from Stand Edge within SsMlrworth, in the County of York, to or near Mump's Brook, in the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of PrfUmcb, in the County of Lan-.eqfter, and other Roads therein mentioned, (a)

[18th May 1814.] [Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lvii.

43 g. 3. c. siik An Act for repairing the Road ham the Mmdfbnc Turnpike Gate tested. on tht Loose Road, near Sutton Lame, in the Parish of maidjlont.

A*l}« 1814.

C. lvii — lxii.

loot

54° GEO. III.

to the King's Head Inn, in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent; and for making and repairing other Roads therein mentioned in the said County. (£) [18th May 1814.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday. Double Toll on Timber* is'c. between Ift 08. and ijl April.2

Cap. lviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His xa G. 3. c. 105. present Majesty, for repairing, widening and altering the Road 33 G. 3. c. 154. from Crickhowell, in the County of Brecon, to the Cross Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross* and other Roads therein described. (r)

[18th May 1814.]

[Additional Trustees Double Tolls on Waggons, iffc. laden with

Timber* fcfr. between ift 03. and ijl April.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present !?q'?'c*xoc' Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Guide Post at the West: 33 '3*c* I33' End of the Town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex. (0) [18th May 1814.]

[Additional Trustees

Cap. lx.

An Act for amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Road 35 G. 3. c. 146. from the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster* repealed, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bury to Hajlingden, at or near Edenfield Chapel* in the Township of Tottiugton Higher End* in the same County. (0) [18th May 1814.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. lxt.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge^the Powers 34 G. 3. c. 157. of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stone to Lane End* and to the Road bet wren Leek and Sandon* on Meir Heath* and from thence to Blithe Bridge; and also from Metr to Trent ham* and from thence to Stableford Bridge; and the Road from Walton to Eccleshcdl* tu the County of Stafford, (c)

£x8th May 1814.]

[Additional Trustees for the Two DiJlriSs. Former Tolls repealed* new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. lxii.l

An Act for making and maintaining a Road ham a Place called Lues, in the Parish of Bingley, to commence and branch off from the Road leading frotn Cross Roads Inn to Haworth* at the North East Comer of a certain Ciofe of Land called The Highfield* to Helden Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax* all in the West Riding of the County of York. (h) [18th ftiay 18*4.3

[Double Tolls oh Sunday.2

Cap.

1002

C. lxiii — lxxii.

$4* GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

See 46 G. t. cxi*

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for enlarging and improving The MinJUr Yard of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Saint Peter, in York, and other Places adjacent thereto.

[18th May 1814.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for Veiling certain Estates devised by the Will of Benjamin Hyett Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying oat the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. (q. P.)

[10th May 1814.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.) [18th May 1814.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Town ships and Manor of Great and Little Clifton, in the County of Cumberland, (q. P.)

[18th May 1814.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §18.

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for better collecting the Tithes in the Townships of Hrxtom and jlrratborne, in the Parish of Patrick Bromptom and Hornby > in the North Riding of the County of York. (q. P.)

[18th May 1814.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor or Dirifion of Bee* thorny in the Parish of Beetbom9 in the County of iVeBmorland. (q. P.) [18th May 1814.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Chi/aoidy in the County of mtddlesex, over which Right of Common hath been exdnguished. (q. P.) [18th May 1814.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet or Chapdry of Edixgteny in the Parish of MoorRncby in the County of Sonurfct. (q. P.)

[18th May 1814.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Renwicly in the County of Cumberland. (q.P.) [18th May 1814.]

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §14.

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Metthgbam and Bungay Trinity, in the County of Suffolk^ (q. P.)

[18th May 1814.]

C+

A.D. 1814.

54° GEO. III. C. lxxiii — lxxxi.

1003

3

J*

1*

cl

it

I

r;

J

M

; )

t

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bay ton, in the County of Worcester. (q. P.) [18th May 1814.]

11 Allotments and Compensation for Tithes, $ 2x, 26. No Lease of

Lands by the Vicar of Bay ton, without Con fen t of His Majesty,

t his Heirs and Successors, as Patrons of the Rectory, §31.

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Common Fields, Common Downs and Wactes, in the Parish of Sutton Mandeville, in the County of Wilts. (q. P.)

[18th May 1814.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Littlecot, in the Parish of Enford, in the County of Wilts, (q. P.)

[18th May 1814.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Aston Clinton, in the County of Buckingham. (q. P.) [ 18th May 1814.]

44 Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §27 — 30.

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for building a Church*or Chapel of Ease in the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[27th May 1814.]

[To be called Christ's Church.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty 46 G 3. sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering and enlarging the Provisions of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for making and conflicting a new Parish, by the Name of "The Parish of Saint George, " on the Ground adjoining the City of Dublin, therein dc- feribed; and for making and building a Parish Church therein.

[27th May 1814.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act to enable The Atlas Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Chairman, or Secretary, under certain Regulations.*[27th May 1814.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for making and maintaining certain Roads from the Town of Stroud, and federal other Places therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester. (<) [27th Afny 1814.]

f t'v? Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an 33 G. 3. c. 140. Act of His present Majesty, for making a Road from French Top, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Glossop, in the

A.D. 1814.

29 0.2. C. 84. 17 G. 3. C.IC9. 37 G. 3. c. 168.

County of Derby; and for repairing the Road leading from Copley Meadow to St ay ley Bridge, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[27th May 1814.]

[Former Tolls repealed\ new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday, j

Cap. lxxxii.

33 0 3. c. 153. Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford; and also the Road from Stafford to Newport, in the County of Salop. (r)

[27th May 1814.]

[Additional Trustees Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His late Majestr, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Road* leading to and from the City of Lincoln, and other Roads therein mentioned. (a) [27th May 1814.]

[.Additional Trustees. New Tolls. Double Tolls om Sunday.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Aulcester to Wootton Wawen, in the County of Warwick. (b) [27th May 1814.]

[.Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. lxxxy.

i % O.3. c. 85. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of Hit 33 G* 3*c* present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road from Beffeljleigh, to Hungerford in the County of Berks, to Leckford otherwise Soujley Water, in the County of Wilts. (c) [27th May 1814.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Ashton Gifford, in the Parish of Codjord Saint Peter, in the County of Wilts. (q. P.)

[27th May 1814.]

Cap. lxxxrii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of WallaJej, and West Kirby, in the County of Chester. (q. P.) [27th May 1814.]

Cap. lxxxYiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Ballymort Xuffm, in the County of Dublin (q. P.) [27th Kiay 1814.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish and Redovy Manor of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerfrt. (q.P.).

[»7th May 1814.]

Cop

Cap. xc.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fridley cum Clayton, Other wife Clayton with Frick ley, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [27th May 1814.]

t Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §19, 20, 21, 22. 35.

Cap. xci.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Barlisland, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York. (q. P.)

[27th May 1814.]

Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §20. No Lease of Lands by the Vicar of Halifax, without Consent of His Majesty,* his Heirs and Successors, as Patrons of the Vicarage, and of the* Archbishop of York, first had and obtained, §23.

Cap. xcii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Whixall, in the Parish of Prees, in the County of Salop, (q. P.) [27th May 1814.]

T

Cap. xciii.

An Act for inclosing Lands within die several Parishes of Ktbting-ton, Charlton, Musgrave, Wincanton and Pcnfelvuood, in the County of Somerset. (q. P.) [27th May 1814.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Ovenden, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York. (q. P.) [27th May 1814.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §20. No Lease of €t Lands by the Vicar of Halifax, without Consent of His Majesty, 4€ his Heirs and Successors, as Patrons of the Vicarage, f 33.

Cap. xcv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stnatley, in the County of Berks, (q. P.) [27th May 1814.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, $ 30, 31* 32, 33, 34.38.

Cap. xevi.

An Act for inclosing Landsjin the Manor and Township of Woodland, in the Parish of Cockfield, in the County of Durham, (q. P.)

[ft7th May 1814.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for the Relief of Poor Debtors, and Others, confined within the Gaol of Dover Castle.

[17th Jane 1814.]

WHEREAS there is within the Castle of Dover Common Gaol or Prison for the sese Custody and Confinement of all Persons arrested or detained for Debt, or on any Civil Frocefs within and throughout the Ctnaue Pori*, the Two ancient Town*4 of Rye and Winchelsea, and the Liberties, Limbs wad Members thereof, and there is no public Provision for the Maintenance and Support of the Personi who are or may be confined within the said

Gaol

100

Ut

I00<

C.x cvii.

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

' Gaol or Prison, by reason whereof many of such Persons have experienced great Distress, and would be in Danger of being reduced ' to Famines but for the uncertain and precarious Assistance of on-

vale Benevolence j and it is expedient that an adequate Fund should

in future be raised for their Relief; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temjporal, and Commons, in thii

annually raised, raised within the Cinque Ports, the Two ancient Towns of Witubelja mwiMtaresfT" and Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof, for thf

Use of the Prisoners confined within the said Gaol or Prison, tie Sum of Three hundred Pounds, in the Manner and Proportions after mentioned; that is to say, within and from and out of the Tom and Port of Hqflings, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof (except within and from and out of the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of Pevenfey, and the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of Stafori), the Sum of Twenty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine pence; and within and from and out of the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of Pevenfey, the Sum of Four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine

re; and within and from and out of the Jurisdiction of Se&ford, Sum of Five Pounds; and within and from and out of the Town and Port of Romney, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof (except within and from and out of die Jurisdictkm of the Corporation of Lydd), the Sum of Five Pounds; and within and from and out of the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of Lydd, the Sum of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings; and within and from and out of the Town and Port of Dover, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof (except within and from and out of the jurisdiction of the Corporation ot Folkejhne, and the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of Faversham), the Sum of Ninety three Pounds Fifteen Shillings; and within and from and out of the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of FoJkefione, the Sum of Eighteen Pounds Fifteen Shistings; and within and from and out of the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of Faversham, the Sum of Eighteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings 5 and within and from and out of the Town and Port of Sandvnch, and die Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof (except within and from and out of the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of Fordwscb, and withm and from and out of the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of Deal), the Sum of Forty one Pounds Five Shillings; and within and from and out of the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of FordnoUb, the Sum of One Pound Five Shillings; and within and from and out of the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of Deal, the Sum of Thirty five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine pence; and within and from and out of the Town and Port of Hythe, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof, the Sum of Eleven Pounds Five Shillings; and within and from and out of the ancient. Town of IVnubelfem, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof, the Sum of Three Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine pence; and within and from and out of the ancient Town of Rye, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof (except within and from and, out of the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of Tenterden), the Sum of Thirteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings; and within and from and out of the Jurisdiction of (the

$um of 300I.

Corps*

54° GEO. III. C. xcrii.

*007

paid, and how raised.

Corporation of Tenter Jen, the Sam of Eighteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings*

II. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums so as Miy°r*' &c\to. aforesaid directed to be raised within and from and out of the several {^yR^a, led Towns, Ports, and their Liberties, Limbs and Members, and within

and from and out of the several Jurisdictions aforesaid, shall be an* nually raised, and be payable and be paid by the respective Mayors,

Bailiffs, or other Head Officers of the said Towns and Ports, and the said Jurisdictions, on the Fifth Day of July in each Year; and the First Payment thereof to be made on the Fifth Day of July next after the passing of this Act, to the Register of the Cinque Porte for the time being, for the Use of the Prisoners confined within the said Gaol or Prison.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Mayors, Bailiffs and By whom other Head Officers aforesaid, may respectively, and he and they is P°rtioned Sum* and (are hereby authorized and empowered to pay or cause to be paid the Sums hereby directed to be paid by such Mayors, Bailiffs or other Head Officers from and out of any Rate which shall or may exist, or be raised or made within and from and out of any Town and Port or Jurisdiction, of which he or they is or are Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer respectively, for the Public Use, or to defray; the Public Burthens or Expences of such Town and Port or Jurisdiction respectively, under or by virtue of any Usage or Prescription within or Charter granted to the said Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof, or any of such Towns and Ports or Jurisdictions aforesaid; and that when no such Rate is or shall be made and exist within any such Town and Port or Jurisdiction, it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor,

Bailiff or other Head Officer thereof, and he and they are and is hereby required to take Order for duly rating and assessing, on the several Parishes, Town ships, Hamlets and Vills, within his and their respective Jurisdictions, according to the Number of the Population of the said respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets and Vius, as the same is set forth in the Return of the Population made under the Authority of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the In ereafe and Diminution thereof in all cases where any such Return was made, and where no such Return was made, according to an actual Enumeration thereof, their just Proportion of the Sum so as aforesaid directed to be paid by such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer as aforesaid; and the Sum so assessed and rated on such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or Vills, shall be yearly and every Year paid and payable by the Churchwardens and Overseert of the Poor of such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets and Vills respectWy, on the Fifth Day of June in every Year; and the first Pay. meat thereof to be made on the Fifth Day of June next after the passing of this Act, to such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer of the Town or Port or Jurisdiction within which such Parish, Township, Hamlet or Vill shall be situate, out of the Rate made and to be made for the Relief of the Poor within such Parish, Township,

Hamlet or Vill; and in case there is or shall be no Poor Rate made for the Relief of the Poor within any such Parish, Township, Hamlet or Vill, the Sum so rated and assessed on such Parish, Township,

Hamlet

510.3. cf

ioo8

C. jccvLL

'm-V $4 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Parties omitting to pay, liable to Action for double Amount.

Sums under xoL recovered in a summtly way.

Hamlet or Vill, (hats*be taised within the same, and paid over to such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, on such Fifth Day9 of June respectively as aforesaid, appointed for the Payment thereof, by the Constable or other Peace Officer appointed or to be appointed by such Mayor, Bailiff of other Head Officer, and which Constable or other Peace Officer, such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer«hereby authorized and empowered to appoint, most the tame shall be raised within such Parish, Township, Hamlet or Vill, bj fod Constable or Peace Officer, by an equal Rate on the relpedhc Occupiers of any Messuages, Tithes, Woods, Lands, Tenements sad ether Hereditaments, and on the Owners of any Goods and Chattels within such Parish, Township, Hamlet or Vill, in such and the fan* manner, and with the same Remedies for Recovery thereof, as asy Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor have for the Recovery of any Rate legally made for the Relief of the Poor, within any Padk, Township, Hamlet or Vill, within the Dominion of England.

IV. And be it hereby further enacted, That if any Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer of any such Town and Port or Jurisdiction aforesaid, or any Churchwarden, Overseer, Constable er other Peace Officer aforesaid, shall neglect or omit to pay, or canfe to be paid to the Person to whom the same ought, under the Provisions of this Act, to be paid any Sum hereby directed to be pod by such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, Churchwarden, Gbrer* seer, Constable or other Peace Officer, for the Space of Ten Days after the Times hereby appointed for the Payment thereof, and the same shall have been legally demanded, he, fixe or they so making Default, shall be and is and are hereby respectively rendered liable to an Action of Debt, at the Suit of the Person to whom the same is hereby appointed to be paid as aforesaid, for Double the Amount of the Sum, in the Payment whereof he, fixe or they fiuii so hove foade Default as aforesaid; and the same when recovered in fsch Action, together with full Coils of &uit, shall be raised and levied in the usual manner out of the proper Goods and Chattels of the Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Oneer, Churchwarden, Overseer, Constable or other Peace Officer, so making Default, who ffiafi not be re-imbursed the same out of any other Funds whatsoever; sad the same when recovered, shall be paid and applied for the Use of the Prisoners confined in the said Gaol or Prtfon, according to the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money made payable under the Authority of this AflU not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, which shall net be paid witha Ten Days after the same shall be due, and have been demanded, may be raised and levied by Warrant of Dtfhnest and Sale of Ibe Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons by and from whom the same are due and payable, wheresoever the same may be found within the said Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof, under the Hand and Seal of any Manrm, Bailiff or Jurat of any of the said Ports and Towns or Jmxuk* Sons aforesaid, or any Justice of the Peace acting for the Ldritis of the Cinque Ports; and which Warrant he and they is and mr hereby authorized and empowered to grant, upon Complaint, mi due Proof 00 Oath, to his or their.SatisFa&kin, that Rich Sam u & due, and hath been demanded, and hath not been paid; and wted Oath he and they is and are hereby au&onxcd and empowered a

C* xcvli.

loop

administer; and which Warrant when so issued and printed by any such Mayor, Bailiff, Jurat or Justice, shall be a good and sufficient Warrant within and throughout the whole of the said Cinque Portsy Two ancient Towns, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof* although in other cases the Jurisdiction of the Person granting and issuing the same may not extend to the whole of the said Cinque Ports, ancient Towns, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members, thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Relief ascerttin* any Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, or any Jurat of any of the e.l ntid^hywhom Towns and Ports or Jurisdictions aforesaid, or for any Justice of the or ri Peace acting for the Liberty of the Cinque Ports, upon the Application of the Boder or Keeper of the said Gaol or Prison, or of any Prisoner actually confined within the same; and upon Proof made On the Oath of such Boder or Keeper, or such Prisoner, which Oath every such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, Jurat and Justice, is hereby authorized to administer within each of their respective Jurisdictions, or within the said Prison, or the House or Apartments of such Boder or Keeper, or other sufficient Proof to the Satisfaction of such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, Jurat or Justice, that there is not sufficient Bedding for the Use of the Prisoners confined therein, or that any Prisoner confined therein ig in Want of any Bedding, or of Medical Advice or Medicines 5 and that such Prisoner hath not sufficient Ability to procure for himself Or herself such Bedding, Medical Advice or Medicines, or sufficient Food for his or her Suflenance, to order and direct such Boder or Keeper to provide a Straw Bed or Palliafs, Two Blankets, and One

Rug, for the Use of such Prisoner, while he or she shall be actually confined therein; and also to provide apd deliver to each of the Prisoners during the time such Prisoners shall be actually confined therein, and unable to provide for his or her Suflenance, Two Pounds Weight of good wholesome Wheaten Bread per Day, and also such Medical Advice and Medicine as he or she may require during his or her actual Continuance in such Prison or Gaol, or until he shall be ordered by any such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, Jurat or other Justice, to the contrary 5 and such Boder or Keeper shall once in every Month at the lead, and as much oftener as he shall think fit, make out and exhibit to, and if required so to do* verify upon his corporal Oath before One of such Mayors, Bailiffs,

Head Officers, Jurats or Justices aforesaid, and which Oath they and each of them are hereby authorized to administer, a full, true and just Account of all Sums of Money expended by him for such Bedding, Bread, Medical Advice and Medicines for such Prisoners; and that the same were ^really, truly and bona fide provided for and supplied to the Prisoners in his actual Custody \ and the Mayor,

Bailiff or Head Officer, Jurat or Justice, to whom the same shall be so exhibited, shall examine and allow and approve of the same, or disallow the Whole or any Part or Parts thereof, as to him shall seem just, and shall thereupon sign an Order for the Payment to the said Boder or Keeper, what shall upon such Examination and Allowance appear to be just; and the Register of the Cinque Ports for the tune being shall and he is hereby required, upon the Production of every such Order, to pay out 01 any Monies in his Hands for the Use of such Prisoner aforesaid, to the said Boder or Keeper, whatso-54 GEO. III. 3 T ever

1010

C. xcvii.

A.D. 18x 4.

Limitation of ReUcfi

Register to make up his Accounts, and deliver lame to Lord Warden, Scc.

Register to give Secunt\ to Loid Warden.

Lord Warden, Ate. to make Rules.

Lord Warden

may diminish Amount raised, and increaie same again.

54*

GEO. III.

ever Sum shall be therein allowed and directed to be paid to such Boder or Keeper; and the same, being indorsed by such Boder or Keeper, shall be a sufficient Voucher to such Register for such Payment, and be allowed to him in his Account accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That uo Prisoner who shall be charged in Execution for Debt shall be relieved by virtue of this Act after the First Day of Term next following the time when he or file shall be charged in Execution, nor who shall have become fupcrfedable or entitled to be discharged under any Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Register shall yearly and every Year make up his Accounts to the First Day of /lugujl in each Year, and deliver the same to the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the time being, within Twenty one Days after the said First Day of August in each Year, for his lufpe&ion and Allowance; and that the Lord Warden for the time being shall inspect and allow the same, or disallow and make such Alteration therein as to him shall seem just and proper, and allow the same so corrested, altered and amended; and that the said Register shall cause the same when so allowed to be printed, and annually transmit One Copy of such his Annual Account, to each of the Mayors, Bailiffs or other Head Officer of each of the Towns and Ports and Jurisdictions aforesaid, within Thirty Days after the lame shall be so allowed as aforesaid 5 and the Expence of printing and transmitting the same shall be allowed to him in his next subsequent Account.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Register shall give such Security for duly conducing himself, and accounting for and paying over all such Sums of Money as shall come to his Hands under the Authority of this Act, according to the Provisions of this Act, to the Lord Warden for the time being, as the Lord Warden for the time being shall appoint; and the said Register shall be allowed such Sum for his Remuneration, for receiving, paying and accounting for such Sum9, and otherwise acting in regard to this Act, as the Lord Warden shall direct, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the Sums by him received.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Warden for the time being, together with any Two of the Mayors, Bailiffs or other Head Officers or Jurats aforesaid, or any Two of the Justices of the Peace acting for the Liberties of the Cinque Ports, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to make, ordain and constitute such Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the better Government and Coo-dust of the said Gaol or Prison, and from time to time alter, explain or amend the same, as to them shall seem fit; and the same being reduced into Writing, and approved by the Lord Chief Justice w His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or the going Justices of Assize for the County of Kent, shall be binding and con cl u five on all Per ferns whatsoever.

X. And be it hereby further enacted, That if at any time it ftafl appear to the Lord Warden for the time being, on the inspection of the said Accounts, that there is then remaining in the Hands of d* Register, sufficient Money to provide for the Want of the Prifoom then confined or likely to be confined within the said Gaol or Pftfo*. it shall be lawful for the Lord Warden for the time being, and be

berth*

54° GEO. III. C. xcvii.

1611

hereby authorized and required, to suspend for such time as to him shall seem lit, either in the whole or in such Proportion as he may think fit, the Payments herein directed to be made for the Use of such Prisoners; and again from time to time to revive or direct the same to recommence and be again payable to the full Amount, or to any less Amount than the Sums herein directed to be paid, as he shall deem requisite and expedient: Provided always, that nothing No Reliefjiiven in this Act contained shall be deemed, taken or conllrued to extend to Debtors to to authorize any Distribution or Delivery of any Bread to any^Crown, Debtor or Debtors to His Majesty, or his Heirs or Successors, ^v^r*re" Kings or Queens of these Realms, who may or shall be confined within the said Gaol or Prison, and may or [kail* under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now made or passed, or to be made and passed, be entitled to have and receive any other Allowance during such his or her Confinement as aforesaid, for or out of any of the Public Funds or Revenues of these Realms.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Caille of Dover shall, P°vcr Cattle to from and after the passing of this Act, become and be Part of the l'1]?!? °WU Town and Port of Dover.

XII. And I: it further enacted, That no Order made touching Proceedings not Or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or a 0 Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of

Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Records at Westminster; and that when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Case; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs mall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on behalf of the Party distraining before such Action brought.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action Limitation of or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Actions. thing done in pursuance of this Act after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action or Suit shall arise, Not, cc* nor without Twenty one Days' Notice shall have been given to him

or them previous to the Commencement of such Action or Suit; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the said County of Kent, and not elsewhere 5 and if any such Action Adioniwhert or Suit shall be brought before Twenty one Days' Notice shall have tried, been given, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or iff upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Treble Costs

3 T J Plaintiffs,

191

[Public Act.]

Expenses of Act.

fiO.S* c. cxxxvk

Sec 42 G« 3. fc.xlvii.

C. xcvii — ciii. 54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814

Plaintiffs, then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant bath for Cods of Action or Suit in other cases of Law or Equity.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of pailing this Act shall in the first Place be defrayed out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Arrw-port Pagnell to The Grand Junction Canal, at Great Linford, in the County of Buckingham.

[17th June 1814.]

The Company of Proprietors of the Newport Pagnell Canal, " incorporated]

Cap. xeix.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Fifty fecorvd Year of His present Majesty's Reign for inclosing the Forest of Delamere, in the County of Chester.

[17th June 1814.]

Cap. c.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a new Court House and other Offices for the City and County of Aberdeen, and for providing and maintaining an additional Gaol for the said City and County, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[17th June 1814.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for making and maintaining a Tram Road or Railway from the Parish of Mamhilad, in the County of Monmouth, to or near UJh Bridge, in the said County.

[17th June 1814.]

[" The U(k Tram Road Company* incorporated.3

---

Cap. cii.

An Act for erecting a new Gaol and Court House in the Burgh of Inveraray, in the Shire of Argyll.

[17th 1814.]

Cap. ciii.

An Act for making a fair and equal County Rate for the County of Buckingham.

[17th June 1814.]

WHEREAS the Assessments by which the County Rates of the County of Buckingham are collected, are become very disproportionate and unequal, and it is therefore expedient that Power and Authority should be given to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the

---

1 said County, and for that Purpose to aflWs and tax rateably, and

in due Proportions, all and every the Parishes, Town ships, Hamlet*

Liberties, Frecinds and Places, within the said County, accordit

to the annual Rent or Value of all Estates therein, for and toward

tlx

C. ciii.

ioij

A.D. 1814.

54° GEO. ID.

the same, with Powers for such Justices to collect and enforce the

Payment of such Rate; May it therefore please Your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Justices to and after the passing of this Act, the Justices of the Peace for the niake equal said County of Buckingham, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, shall have full Power and Kent or

Authority, and they are hereby required to assess and tax to the Value of EiUtes. County Rate every Parish, Township, Hamlet. Liberty, Precinct

and Place, within the said County, rateably, and in due Proportions, according to the Annual Rent or Value of all Estates within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precinct and Place respectively, in manner herein after mentioned.

II. And, in order the better to enable the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham to afiefs and tax rateably, and in due Proportions, every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Liberty,

Precinct and Place, within the said County, be it further enacted,

That the Clerks to the respective Commimoners, and also the In- Return on Oath spe&ors, Surveyors, Assessors and other Persons acting within the of Amount of said County of Buckingham, in the Execution of an Act, passed in Valut

the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Q' g an Act for granting to His Majesty during the present Wary and*3*

until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratifcation of any Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on Profits arising from Property, ProfeJfionsy Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act pajfiea in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, ProfeJfionsy Trades and Offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties; or such of them as shall be competent thereto, shall and they are hereby required, from and after the passing of this Act, upon any Order,

Warrant or Notice, under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, to them or any of them, to be delivered (whiclr Order, Warrant or Notice, such Justices are hereby authorized and empowered to issue), to make a Return or Returns in Writing of the total Amount of the annual Rent or Value of all EUates within each and every Parish, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precinct and Place, within the said County, charged or assessed, or liable to be charged or assessed, to the Duty under Schedule (A.) of the said Act, as the same Amount shall have been or shall be ascertained, charged or assessed, by the Estimates, Certificates, Valuations and Assessments, or otherwise, for the Purpose of charging or assessing the said Duty for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April next preceding the Date of such Order, Warrant or Notice, distinguishing therein each Hundred or Division, and also each Parish, Township,

Hamlet, Liberty, Precinct and Place, within such Hundred or Division, which laid Return shall be signed by such Clerk, Inspector,

Surveyor, Assessor or other Person respectively, in the Presence of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County; and the said Clerk, Surveyor, Assessor or other Person respectively, shall also

gt the same time verify the same upon Oath, if required (which 3 T 3 Oath

C. ciii.

A.D. 1814.

54° GEO. III.

Future Return* hove made.

When Rate*

tfUde.

Inspector*, 9cq. neglecting.

Penalties, ice. hevr levied.

Oath such Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer), and the said Returns (being signed by such Two or more Justices before whom the same shall be attested on Oath, and subscribed as aforesaid), shall be delivered by the said Clerk, Inspector, Surveyor, Assessor or other Person, to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their General Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, next after the Date and issuing of such Order, Warrant or Notice.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Provisiona of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty shall cease and be determined either by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace or otherwise, then and from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham, and they are hereby required when and so often as they shall deem it necessary, to cause such Returns of the total Amount of the annual Rent or Value of all Eflatds within each and every Parish, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precinct and Place, within the said County, as hereinbefore are mentioned, to be made by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Liberties, Precincts and Places, within the said County, in pursuance of such Order, Warrant or Notice, as before mentioned (which Order, Warrant or Notice such Justices are also hereby authorized and empowered to issue in manner hereinbefore mentioned), or to cauft and procure such Returns to be made by any other ways and means as the said Justices shall deem necessary or expedient.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the said County, assembled at such General Quarter Sessiors of the Peace, to be holden next after the Date and issuing of such Order, Warrant or Notice, as aforesaid, or at any Adjournment thereof, or at any subsequent General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, or at any Adjournment thereof, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to assess and tax every Parish, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precin& and Place, within the said County, rateably and in due Proportions, not exceeding One Penny in the Pound, according to the several Amounts of the Annual Rent or Value of all Estates within each and every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precin& and Place, within the said County, at the same shall appear upon the Returns herein* before directed and required to be made.

V. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk, Inspector, Surveyor, Assessor, Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor or other Person making wilful Default, in any of the Matters required of them by this Act, shall, for every such wilful Default, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, upon Conviction thereof, before One Justice of the Peace, for the said County, either 00 the Confession of the Offender, or on Proof by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses on Oath, which Oatn such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act shall, if not immediately paid, be levied by D iff refs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant* under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said Cottnty, rendering to the Offender the Overplus (if any)

(« cm.

54° GEO. III.

ioi

on Demand, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be

deducted, and in case fuf&cient Distress shall not be found, then it

shall be lawful for any such Justice to commit such Offender to the Imprisonment.

Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or

Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless

the Forfeiture and Charges be sooner paid, and the said Forfeitures,

when recovered, shall be paid One Half to the Informer, and the

other Half to the Treasurer of the said County, to be applied in

Aid of the Rates for the said County; and no Person shall be deemed Witnesses.

incompetent to be a Witness for the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, by reason of his paying or being liable to pay towards

the Poor Rates or County Rates within the said County.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Clerks, In cases where Inspectors, Surveyors, AfTcffors, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Rcl"r"f "V Poor or other Persons shall make Default in making such Returns justice* te to the said Justices pursuant to such Order, Warrant or Notice, as makeRate. before mentioned; or if it shall happen, that notwithstanding the

incurring of any Penalty or Penalties as aforesaid, for or on account of such Neglect or Default, a Return as aforesaid, for any Parish,

Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precinct or Place, shall not be made within the time before limited for the making thereof, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, and they are hereby required, either at the said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to which such Return ought to have been made, or at any Adjournment thereof, to rate and assess each and every the Parish, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precin& and Place, jrespecting of which the said Clerks, Inspectors, Surveyors, Assessors, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor or other Persons, shall have so neglected or made Default in making such Return as aforesaid, for and towards the said County Rate, according to such Estimate of the just and fair annual Rent or Value of the Estates within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precinct or Place, reflectively, as the said Justices shall be able to procure, by any of the ways and means hereinbefore directed, or by such other ways and means as to the said Justices shall seem reasonable and proper.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in any Parish, Township, Rat* how l«v, ei Hamlet, Liberty, Precin& or Place, in the said County of Buck-^p$ ^Ratl* ingham9 where no Rate is or shall be made and collected for the

Relief of the Poor, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, to order and direct the Sum of Money which shall from time to time be assessed as or for the County Rate upon such Parish,

Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precinct or Place, to be rated and levied on the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands therein, by such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers (to whom the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division shall give the Notice herein after mentioned for Payment of such Rate), in such and the same manner as any Rate for the Relief of the Poor is by Law directed to be rated or levied; which Sum so rated and levied shall be paid by such One or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, to the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division wherein such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precinct or Place, doth lie, within the Space of Twenty one Days after Demand thereof made in Writing, to be

3 T 4 given

loi 6

Rate how levied in Places when not p»id out of Poor Rate.

Appeal.

Notice

C.ciii. 54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

given to such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, or left at his, her or their Dwelling House or Houses, by the said Chief Constable of such Hundred or Division, which Demand the Chief Constable is hereby required to make at such times as the said Justices of the Peace shall by their Order in Sessions diredfc; and in case such One or more Inhabitant or Occupier, dr Inhabitants or Occupiers, shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums so assefied as or for a County Rate, after Demand made as aforesaid, such Chief Constable shall and is hereby empowered to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, so refusing or neglecting to pay the same as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Money assefied, and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall pay such Sum or Sums so assefied as or for a County Rate before the same shall be so levied as aforesaid, he, she or they, may afterwards rate and levy the same, or shall and may be allowed and re-iinbursed the said Sum of Money by a Rate made or to be made upon all and every the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, of Lands within such Parish, Township, Hamlrt, Liberty, Precinct or Place, which any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County shall order and direct, and shall be subject and liable to the same Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof by Distress and Sale, in cases of Nonpayment, as arc hereinbefore given to the Chief Constable.

IX. And Whereas it may be inconvenient and oppressive to many Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Liberties, Precincts or Places, in the said County of Buckingham, that the Sum of Money which shall be assefied at or for the County Rate under this Act should be paid out of any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precin& or Place; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their General Quarter Sessions assembled, if they shall think convenient, to order the Sum of Money directed to be assefied as or for the County Rate on any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precinct or Place, to be paid by and levied on the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor or Petty Constables, of or for any such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Prccind or Place, and to be re-imbursed in such manner as the same is herein directed to be paid and levied in cases where no Rate is made for the Relief of the Poor; any thing herein contained, or ar.y Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the Churchwardens ard Overseers of the Poor within any of such Parishes, Townships, Liberties, Precincts or Places, or any other Person or Persons shall think themselves, himself or herself aggrieved by any Act, Matter or Thing, to be done in pursuance of this Act, or the Powers hereby given, he, she or they shall and may appeal to the said Justices of the Peace for the said County at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County, next after anr such Cause of Complaint shall arise, upon giving Fourteen Day a* Notice in Writing,

Rating

C.ci'ti.

toi)

fluting the Cause of Complaint unto the Chief Constable of the

Hundred or Division wherein such Complaint shall arise, which Justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame9 and to give such Appellants or Appellant such Relief as in their Discretion shall appear fair and just,

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, E*P*nce* of

Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, as between Parish and Parish, appc«U

or between any Person and Persons, or any Parish or Parishes, or in$.

any Person or Persons, respecting any thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any other Act or Acts relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, shall be borne and paid by such respective Parishes and Persons, or such of them and in such Proportions as the said Justices upon a^y Appeal in their General or Quarter Sessions shall award and order the same, or as such Courts wherein such Actions,

Suits or Proceedings, shall be instituted, shall adjudge and order, and shall not he charged to or be paid out of the County Rate.

XII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all the Powers of

and Authorities in and by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of J* o*8 the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled §7.continued, An Act for the more eafly afffsing, colie sting and levying of County except where Rates, and also so much ot another Act passed in the Thirteenth altered by Ad. Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for f uniJlAng such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or defray Turnpikes, for repairing Highways or Locks, or other Works, trested by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable*; for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River o/*Thames, Wcjlward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for letter fecvnng the lawful Trade of His Majesty'fi Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all His Maj'fly's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; and for limiting the time for suing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the time and manner of applying for the same; for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Franchises or Liberties i and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as have Commissions of the Peace within themselyes, as relates to County Rates, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect (except where altered by this Act), with respect to the said County of Buckingham, and that all such Powers and Authorities shall be used and exercised in the Execution of this Act

XIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Ad not to ei-That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed tend to Boroughs to extend, to subject or render liable the Boroughs of Buckingham

and Clipping Wycombe respectively, or either of them, to the Pay- Wycombe, ment of any Sum or Sums towards any County Rate to be levied tinder the Authority of this Act, other than and except so far as the same Boroughs were subject or liable to before the passing of this A cl 5 and that the Jurisdiction of the Justices of the Peace for the said several Boroughs of Buckingham and Chepping Wycombe respectively shall remain unprejudiced and unaffected by this Act j'. any

i9i?

Accounts produced at Quarter sessions.

Expences of AO paid out of County Rates.

Ju (Vices empowered to order Payment of contingent Expences.

Limitation of Actions.

Notice.

Tender of Amends.

general Issue.

Tieblc Cods.

C. ciii. 549 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Pence in and for the County of Buckingham % being present at the General Quarter Sessions then assembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to direct and compel the Treasurer of the said County Stock to attend and produce his Accounts, with their Vouchers, for the Inspection of the said Justices and the Court.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the said County of Buckingham shall be and he is hereby authorized and required to pay and discharge the Cods, Charges and Expences, of obtaining this Act, and of making and collecting of the Return of the said Clerks, Inspectors, Surveyors, Assessors, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor or other Persons, in pursuance of this Act; such Cods, Charges and Expences, being fird examined and allowed by the said Justices at their General Quarter Sessions.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham, in their General Quarter Sedions, from time to time assembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to order such Allowances and Compensation to be made to the Treasurer of the said County Stock, and also to Chief Constables or other Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, from and out of the Rates to be levied in pursuance thereof, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable, jud and proper.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be brought or commenced, or any Proceeding had against any Person for any tiling done by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, until Thirty Days' Notice thereof shall have been given to, or Jett at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Proceeding is intended to be commenced or had therem, setting forth the particular Cause of such Action or Proceeding, or after Tender of suficient Amends hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County of Buckingham and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done io pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action shall be brought before the Expiration of Thirty Days next after Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be gives against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or hare for Coos of Suit in any other case by Law.

XVIIL All

/I

C/. cm, cir.

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

roiy

[Public Act.]

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. civ.

An Act for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent to hold a General Sessions annually, or oftener, for levying and applying the Rates and Expenditure of the said County} and to alter and amend an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Rates of the said County.

[17th June 1814.]

WHEREAS the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Kent are holden at or near the City of Can*

ter bury, in the Eastern Division of the said County, and at Maid*

stone, in the Western Division of the said County: And Whereas

4 an Act was passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His 49 0.3*cpresent Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing such Part of an Act,

passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, as imposes a 4 certain Proportion of the County Rate for the County of Kent upon the Eastern Division of the said County, and certain Proportions upon the Western Division of the said County; and also so much of an Act, passed in the Forty five nth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, as directs the Churchwardens and Overseers therein mentioned to make certain Returns of the Rental or Value of Estates within their Parishes, at the Periods, and in the Manner therein mentioned, and imposed a 4 certain Penalty upon such Churchwardens and Overseers for making Default therein, and for amending the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts; by which said Act the Justices assembled at the £rQuarter Sessions for the Western Division of the said County, and the Justices assembled at the Quarter Sessions for the Eastern Division of the said County, are authorized and empowered to make such Rate or Assessment for raising such Sum and Sums of Money, within each Division respectively, as should be sufficient to answer the Euds and Purposes mentioned and contained in an Act

4 of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His [1* G. a. c.^9 j f late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more fy aJfdfiag, collecting and levying of County Rates, as Occasion might demand, and the Exigencies of each Division might require

And Whereas it would tend greatly to improve the general Arrangement of the Business of the said County, if the Justices

were empowered to meet in an annual General Session of the Peace at Maidstone, in the said County, for the Regulation and Trans-

action of all public Business relating to the levying and applying the Rates and regulating the Expenditure of the County at large, '

and for other Purposes herein after mentioned; and it is therefore expedient that certain Parts of the said Act of the Forty ninth

Year of His present Majesty Should be repealed, and other Provisions and Regulations substituted in lieu thereof: And Whereas a new

Gaol and House of Correction for the said County are now > building at Maidstone} in the said County, and Court Houses for the

; o2o

A.D. 1814.

In what case Quart er'Sessioni holden at Maid* stone and Can* teibury.

Justic?s so meet ai Maidstone for Purposes of Ad.

County. Boftntl* transacted at Matdftono Sessioo*

C.cir*'54° GEO. III.

the public Business of the said County are intended to be built also at Maidstone, the Expence of wlrch Gaol, House of Correction 4 and Court Houses, will be considerable, and the whole of which

Expence is, by the existing Laws now in force, borne and defrayed, exclusively, by the Occupiers of Lands, and Tenements: And

Whereas it is expedient that a certain Proportion of the Expence of erecting and completing such new Gaol, House of Correction and Court Houses, should be imposed upon the Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the said County, in Aid and Diminution of the Burthen now exclusively borne by the said Occupiers; but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it there, fore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Courts of General Quarter Session which have been here-tofore holden for each Division of the said County respectively, at or near Canterbury, and at Maidstone, shall continue to be holden at or near Canterbury and at Maidstone, for the Transaction of all such Business as is not herein after foecially provided for and directed to be transacted at the General Session of the Peace herein after authorized to be held at Maidstone, in such and the same manner as heretofore, and with the same Powers and Authorities as if this Act had not been passed.

II. And be it further enacted, That on the Thursday next preceding the Saint Thomas or Midsummer General Quarter Sessions in each and every Year, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required to hold an Annual General Session of the Peace for the said County of Kent, at Maidstone, in the said County, for the Purposes herein after mentioned, and to adjourn the same from time to time as Occasion shall require.

III. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Matters and Business, lawfully and usually transacted and done by Justices of Peace for Counties, assembled at any Sessions of the Peace by virtue of or under any Acts of Parliament heretofore made, or which shall hereafter be made for or concerning the erecting, building, amending, repairing, enlarging, altering or removing any Gaol>, Houses of Correction or Court Houses belonging to the County at large, or for the Regulation and Government thereof, or for or concerning the erecting, building, amending, repairing, enlarging, altering or removing any County Bridges, or for or concerning any other Public Works of the County, and all Matters and Bufiutfs relating to such Gaols, Houses of Correction, Court Houses and Coucty Bridges, and other such Public Works, and to the defraying the Expences and Charges whereof the Rates and Assessments of the County at large now are, or shall hereafter in any manner become by Law chargeable; and also all Matters and Business lawfully and usually transacted and done by Justices of the Peace for Counties, at any Sessions of the Peace holden for the lame, in respect of tlx auditing, settling and allowing of the Accounts of the Treasurer or Tjreasurers of the County, and all other Public Accounts relative to

the

A.D. 1814.

54° GEO. III.

1021

the County at large, the electing, nominating, appointing and re* moving, and paying of the County Treasurer or Treasurers, the Chaplains to County Gaols and Houses of Correction, the Keepers of such Gaols, Houses of Correction, and the Officers of such Court Houses as aforesaid. Surveyors of County Bridges, and all other Public Officers that now are or hereafter shall be in the Nomination of the Justices of the Peace for the County, and whose Salaries are or shall be payable out of the County Rates or Assessments, and also all other Matters and Bufmess, lawfully and usually transacted and done by Justices of the Peace for Counties, at any Sessions of the same, in respect to the rating, laving and assessing of any County Rates, or otheriCharges upon and for the same, or the raising, levying and collecting thereof, shall be heard, determined and carried into Execution in and for the said County, solely and exclusively at the said Annual General Session of the Peace so hereby authorized and appointed to be holden at Maulstone aforesaid, at the time aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, and at no other Sessioj; , Place or Time whatsoever, save as herein after mentioned; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Determinnion this Act contained shall authorize or empower the said Justices of the of Appeals. Peace, assembled at the said Annual General Session of the Peace

hereby directed to be holden, or at any Adjournment thereof, to hear or determine any Appeal to be preferred by any Person or Persons against any Rate or Rates to be laid, ordered or assessed by the said Justices assembled at any such Annual General Session, but that all such Appeals shall be heard and determined by the Justices assembled at the General Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the said County, or at any Adjournment thereof, in the manner herein* after mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trenfurtrap-Justices of the Peace for the said County, assembled at any such

Annual General Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, to nominate and appoint One or more proper Person or Persons to be the Treasurer or Treasurers for the whole of the said County, gr for each Division thereof, and to fix and appoint such Salary or Salaries to be paid to such Person or Persons as they shall think reasonable; and every Person or Persons so appointed to be Treasurer or Treasurers for the said County of Kentt shall give Security for the due Execution of the Trust reposed in him or them.

VI. And Whereas the Amount of the Salaries now paid to the 1 Chaplains to the Common Gaols and Houses of Correction of the said County, have been found to be inadequate to the Labour attending the Execution of the Duties required of them: And

Whereas it would tend greatly to the Improvement of the Morals«of the Prisoners confined in the said Gaols, if the said Chaplains

reflded therein, or had Apartments near thereunto Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices assembled at Salaries to such Annual General Session as aforesaid, or at any Adjournment Chaplains, thereof, to fix and appoint such Salaries to be paid to such Chaplains,

as to the said Justices lo there assembled shall, from time to time, appear reasonable; and also to allot for such Chaplain or Chaplains, in the said Gaols, or in Buildings adjoining or near, such Apartments as to

them

JO 2Z

C. civ.

Holding of Special SotHona.

[Proviso.]

Ftovttb.

Accounts of County adjusted.

Balance from F.-iltcrn to Wtf-

tern Div ifion of County.

54# 6EO. lit A.D. 1814.

them shall seem fit and proper for his or their Use, and further from time to time to alter and vary any such Allowances or Regulations to or concerning the same Chaplains, or any of them, in such manner as to the Justices assembled at any such Session shall seem proper.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Emergency shall at any time hereafter arise, which may require such immediate Attention thereto, as may render the holding a Special Session in that behalf necessary, then and in such case the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or his Deputy, shall, as soon as may be, upon the Order in Writing, under the Hands and Seals of any Thr^e or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, to him for th^t Purpose given, wherein shall be expressed and contained the Nature and Purport of the Business intended to be brought forward at such Special Session, and the Day for holding such Session, caafe an Advertisement for the holding of the same, to be inserted Twice at the least, in some one of the several Public Newspapers, printed at Can* terbury and Maidstone, if any such be there published and circutated, and if not, then Twice in like manner in the London Gazette, thereby notifying and declaring the Order of the said Justices: Provided always, that the time to be appointed shall not be within a less time than Fourteen Days, from the time of first publishing such Advertisement: Provided also, that such Special Session shall and may be lawfully holden accordingly for the due Difp2tch and ordering of the Business so particularly notified as aforesaid, and no other, and the same shall and may be adjourned from time to time.

VIII. And Whereas the Expences of the County of Kent9have been regulated and defrayed according to the Prorifions of the said hereinbefore recited Act, passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and it is expedient that ail Accounts should be settled and adjusted, and a Balance flrnck between the Two Divisions of the County, previous to the holding of the

First General Session of the Peace at Maidstone, under the Authority of this Act Be it therefore further enacted, That the Committees of Justices appointed at the Quarter Sessions held at Maidstone, and at Saint Augustine's near Canterbury, in the Week next after the Close of Easter last past, in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall, and they are hereby required to meet at Sittingbaurn, in the said County, within Ten Days next after the passing of this Act, for the Purpose of examining, passing, adjusting and allowing the several A ccounts of the respective Treasurers of the said County, up to the Eafer Quarter Sessions, One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, inclusive, and apportioning the gross Expence of the said County, fairly ai d equally between the Two Divisions, according to the Amount of their respective Rentals.

IX. And Whereas upon Such Apportionment of the said Accounts, a Balance will be due from the Eaflcrn to the Weseru Division of the County, which Balance will be the exclusive

Property of the said Western Division: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Balance Ihotild be thrown into the general Stock of the County, and that the said Eastern Division should

contribute a proportionate Sum to be estimated on the relative Rentals to the said general Stock; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Committee shall, at their Meeting at Sittingbourn to be

holden

102}

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III. C. civ.

holden as aforesaid, ascertain and declare the Amount of the said Balance, and the said proportionate Sum.

X. And Whereas the Amount of the aforesaid Balance and pro- portionate Sum are to be raised exclusively upon the Eastern Division of the County; Be it further enacted, That it shall be Bahnce raised lawful for the Justices of the said Eastern Division, affetnbled iit J-rn

Quarter Sessions at or near Canterbury, and they are hereby required County, and empowered to assess and levy a special Rate or Rates upon the said Eastern Division exclusive of any Rate that may be granted by the General Session at Maidstone, for the Payment of the aforesaid Balance and proportionate Sum, and to pay the Amount of the said Rate or Rates at such times, and by such Instalments, as to the said Justices shall seem fit, to the general County Stock; provided that the whole Amount of the said Sums as aforesaid, shall be paid to the said General County Stock within Three Years from the pasting of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the Second Tuesday after^, r|* Mel, nS of the Meeting of the said Committee at Sittingboum, it shall be lawful cutin^ Ad.*" for the Justices of the said County of Kent, and they are hereby authorized and required, to meet at Maidstone, in the said County,

for the Purpose of holding the First General Session for the said County, under the Authority of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited 4 G-3-ct cxl* Ad of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as $ 4' directs that the Justices who shall be assembled at the Easter Quarter

Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County in each and every Year, should appoint a Committee of Twelve Justices; that is

to say, Six Justices acting in the Eastern Division, and Six Justices

acting in the Western Division of the said County, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all 10 pjrt rcPeale4*

Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act G> tc"' of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as

directs that, from and after the pamng of that Ad, it should and

might be lawful for the Justices assembled at the Quarter Sessions

holden for the Western Division of the said County, and for the Justices

assembled for the Eastern Division of the said County, to make such

Rate or Assessment for raising such Sum or Sums of Money within each such Division respectively, as should be sufficient to answer the

Ends and Purposes mentioned in the said Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second aforesaid,

as Occasion might demand or as the Exigencies of each such Division

might require, and also for the Ends and Purposes of the said Act,

shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and 10 repealed.

Void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act

of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as 49 G 3. cxi. directs, that the Treasurer or Treasurers for each Division of the I said County should transmit to the Clerk of the Peace an Account in Writing of the Balance then remaining in the Hands of each such Treasurer respectively, and also the gross Expenditure since the Easter Quarter Sessions, and an Estimate of the further probable'Expence to be incurred up to the said Easter Quarter Sessions in- in part repealed.

elusive.

Justices to ifTefs 1'pecial County Rate,

Proviso for Tenants, &c. 4ftdu£ting Rate.

Prtviso.

C. cir. 54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

felusive, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the said County, assembled at the General Session to be holden for the said County, in pursuance of this Act, shall yearly, and every Year, until all the Charges and Expences of building and completing the new Gaol, House of Correction and Court Houses, incurred and to be incurred since the last Easter Quarter Scflfions, shall be paid and satisfied, assess and tax a special County Rate, for the Payment of such Charges and Expences, on all and every Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet and Extraparochial and other Place, in the said County, within their respective Divisions, now contributing or liable to contribute to the ordinary County Rate, at a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Six pence in the Pound, over and above the ordinary County Rate, by One or more Rates in each Year, on the Rental at which each Parish, Township, Liberty, Pre-cin&, Village, Hamlet and Extraparochial or other Place, shall be rated, taxed and assessed, to the ordinary County Rate; and the said special Rate shall be collected, levied and recovered in like manner, and by such ways and means, and under such Penalties, as any County Rate may be collected, levied and recovered in the £ud County of Kent; and the Overseers and Overseer of every Parish, Township or Place, maintaining its own Poor, within the said County of Kent, shall and may, and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to levy and raise such Rate in like manner, and by such ways and means, and under such Penalties, as any Poor Rate is now by Law collected: Provided always, that every Tenant or Occupier paying such Rate as aforesaid, may dedu& and detain out of the Rent Payable to his or her Landlord or Landlords, for the Premises in re* sped of which such Rate is payable. One Half Part of the full Amount of such Rate, it being the Intent and Meaning of this Act that the Half of such Rate, except as hereafter excepted, shall be borne by the Landlord, and every Landlord shall, and is hereby to quired to allow and make such respective Deductions accordingly; and every such Tenant paying, or having levied upon him or her such Rate, shall be and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much Money as such Half Part shall amount to, as fully and effectually as if the same had been actually paid to any such Landlord or Landlords, in Part of the Rent due from such Tenant; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money rated or assessed upon him, her or them, by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kentf upon Complaint thereof made by any such Overseer or Overseers, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, not only in Kent, but in any other County, the Warrant or Warrants for recovering and levying the same, in such last mentioned case, being first countersigned by some Justice of the Peace for the County where any Goods or Chattels of the respective Person or Persons shall be found, returning the Overplus (if any) after such Rate and the Charges of the Distress and Sale shall be paid to the Owner and Owners of the Goods so distrained and fold: Provided always, that during the Continuance of such special Rate, no Part of the ordinary County Rate, which it may be necessary to make for other Purposti,

shall

C. civ.

1025

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

shall be applied towards the Expence of Building, completing and finishing the said Gaol, House of Correction and Court Houses, except for the Payment of such Bills and Expences as have been incurred previous to the last Easier Quarter Sessions, but that the whole Expence thereof, except as aforesaid, shall be defrayed out of the said special Rate.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Allowance by cases where the Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tithes, Tenements and Hereditaments, held or occupied by any Tenant or Occupier, have to 10

been or shall be charged and assessed in or to the special County Rates or Rate directed to be levied and collected under the Provisions of this Act, at a higher Amount or Value than the Rent or Rents actually and bona fide paid or payable, or agreed to be paid or payable to his cr her Landlord or Landlords thereof, for the time being, the Deduction or Allowance in and by this Act directed to be made by every such Landlord or Landlords shall, as to the Quota or Proportion of such Landlord or Landlords thereof, be calculated upon the Amount of the Rept or Rents actually and bona fide paid or agreed to be paid to him, her or them; and in all such cases as last aforesaid, the rest of all such Rate or Rates exceeding and over and above the Rent or Rents actually and bona fide paid or agreed to be paid to the Landlord or Landlords aforesaid, shall be wholly borne, ppid and discharged by every such Tenant or Occupier of the Hereditaments and Premises assessed or to be assessed, at a higher Amount or Value than the Rent actually and bona fide paid, or payable by him or her as hereinbefore mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute shall Disputes be-arise between any Landlord and Tenant, touching and concerning any tween Landlord such Deduction to be allowed by such Landlord, the same shall be J"t^Cnant heard and determined in a summary way, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace, acting for the said County, and in case either of the Parties in such Dispute shall refuse to abide by or shall not obey the Determination of such Justices, the Party so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of his, her and their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands of such Justices, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Party or Parties whose Goods shall have been so distrained.

XVIII. And Whereas it is expedient, that the said County*should be relieved and exonerated from any Taxes in respect of any of the Gaols, Houses of Correction and Court Houses of the said County; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the No Rate levied passing of this Act, no Rate, Tax or Assessment whatsoever, Parlia- lorGaobor mentary or Parochial, shall be raised, assessed or levied on, or be Court 0 e* payable by the said County of Kent, for or on Account of the said Gaols, Houses of Correction and Court Houses, or any or either of them, or any Part thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That lo much of the said Act 49 G. 3. c.cM. of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, as enads, that § xl* whenever the Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, whether the same should be holden originally in the Eafiern or Wefiern Division thereof, should determine that it was necessary to revise, correct and re-ascertain the Rental of the whole County* they should imme<"

54 Geo. III.

3 U

102 6

C. civ.

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Committee to atceitain Rental of County appointed.

signify such their Determination to the Justices to be assembled in Sessions in the other Division of the said County, in order that such Justices might appoint a Committee of Three Justices from each Division of the said County, and that such Committee should meet as soon after such Appointment as should be mutually agreed on between them, in order to revise, correct and re-ascertain the Rental of the whole County, and the relative Rentals of each Division thereof distinctly, upon as just and equitable Principles as they could by virtue and under the Powers, Provisions and Directions of the therein recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and that such Revision, Correction and Ascertainment should take place and be made in manner as aforesaid, saving to all such Parties as might consider themselves aggrieved, certain \n pait repealed. Powers of Appeal, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and declared to be null, void, and of no Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that all Powers, Directions and Authorities given to the said Committee by the said Act of the Forty ninth Ycnr of His present Majesty shall be veiled in and exercised by the Coc-mittee by this Act herein after appointed, and directed to ascertain the Rental of the County.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the said County assembled at the said General Annual Session, to be held at Maidstone, in and for the said County, under and by virtue of this Act, or at any Adjournment thereof, ai often as they shall see Occasion to revise, correct and ascertain the Rental of the said County, to nominate and appoint Six Justices of the Peace of the said County, to form a Committee for such Purposes, of which Committee any Three shall be competent to act, and such Committee shall meet within Fourteen Days after such Appointment; and the Justices of the said Committee then present (hi11 hart full Power to adjourn such Meeting from time to time to such Place as they may judge convenient, and the said Committee shall revise, correct and re-ascertain the Rental of all and every Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village and other Place within the said County, and such Revision, Correction and Re-ascertainment, shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; saving nevertheless to all such Parties as may consider themselves aggrieved thereby, such Power of Appeal as is contained in this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Churchwardea to nuke Returns. or Overseer of the Poor of any of the several Parishes, Towns,

Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets or Places within the said County, or any Person to be specially appointed as such, shall negkft or make Default in any Returns as directed in said recited Act of the Forty ninth of His present Majesty, then and in every such case, each and every such Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor so neglecting and making Default without sufficient Excuse to be allowed by the said Committee, so to be appointed, shall forfeit and pay such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds, m shall or may be ordered or adjudged by the said Committee, by wsy of Penalty for such Neglect or Default; anJT in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee at such Meeting assembled, and they are hereby directed to issue their Warrant to the High Constable of the Division where such Parish, Town, Liberty, rrecinst, Village,

Api eaL

Parish Officer*

49 O. 3. §14, 15-

[Penalty.]

C. civ.

1027

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

Hamlet or Place shall be situated, directing him to levy such Penalty upon the respective Goods iand Chattels of each and every Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor so neglecting or making Default in like manner, and with such Powers and Authoritie % as the said High Constable is, by the said Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, veiled with, for levying on the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor the Sum assefled for the County Rate.

1 XXII. And Whereas many Parishes, Townships and other c Places lie and are situate partly within the County of Kent, and

partly in some adjoining County, or in some Liberty or District,

having peculiar Privileges, and it is therefore difficult to ascertain

by the gross Returns of the Rentals of the whole of such Parishes,

Township and other Places, the real Rental of such Part or Divi-

lion thereof as lies or is situate within the County of Kent Be it therefore further enabled, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or other Parish Officers of all and every such Parish, Township or other Place so situate as aforesaid, shall make a Return to the said Committee, so to be appointed as aforesaid, at such Time and Place as the said Committee shall appoint, of the real Amount of the Rental or Value of such Estates, or Parts of Estates, within the said Parishes, Townships or other Places, as lie within the County of Kent, at the time of making such Return; and shall also verify such Return upon Oath, and such Returns shall contain all the Things and Specifications required by this Act, in the Returns to be made to the said Committee, by Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor.

XXIII. And Whereas it may happen, that in such Parishes,

Townships and other Places, so situate as aforesaid, the Church- wardens, Overseers of the Poor, or other Officers thereof, may ' reside in that Part of the Parish, Township or other Place, which

is not situate in the County of Kent, whereby it might be difficult

for the Justices of the said Committee to oblige such Officers to attend their Meetings, and to make such Returns as aforesaid For obviating thereof, be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Overseers of the Poor, Churchwardens or other Parish Officers of any Parish, Township or other Place, partly lying in the said County of Kent, shall reside and dwell out of the said County, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices present at any Meeting of any Committee, appointed for reviling the Rental of the said County, to issue their Summons to such Overseers of the Poor, Churchwardens or other Officers, and every Overseer of the Poor, Churchwarden or other Officer receiving the same, shall obey the same, according to the Exigency thereof, or in Default thereof, shall be subject to such and the same Penalties as are imposed upon Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Officers resident in the said County of Kent, negiedling to make Returns as aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may Appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Session of the Peace within the Division where the Cause of Appeal arises, within Six Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall

3 U 2 have

II G.tc. 29.

Returns for Parishes partly in Kent and partly in any oilier County, how made.

Parish Officers reh'diny uut of Kent Inrmr.oned by M.i^illrjtes for Kvut.

Appeal

1028

C. civ.

AJ>. 1814.

Ketiec.

Recogninnee.

Colls.

Final.

Rate to be paid although Appeal mde.

final.

Proceedings not quashed for Want of Form.

Certiorari

Distress.

54" Geo. ur.

have arisen, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Fourteen clear Days* Notice at leaf!, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the specific Cause of Appeal or Matter thereof, if against a Conviction, to the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall have been made, and if against a Rate, to the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, or his Deputy, who shall notify the same to the Committee of Justices who have been employed in reviling the Rentals of the said County, and such Person or Persons appealing shall, within Three Days after such Notice, enter into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two suficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Juliices at such Quarter Session; and the Justices at such Session, upon the Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally de» termine the Causes and Matter of such Appeal in a summary way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing, or appealed against, a> they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Session shall be binding, final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any such Appeal, the Person or Persons so appealing shall pay to the Treasurer of the County, or of the Division of the County, in which the Rate is made, such Sum as would have been payable, in case the Rental of the Parish or Place in respect of which such Person or Persons* Appeal had been assessed in such Rate, at the same Amount, as in the preceding Rate, and such Deduction from or Addition to such Payment shall be made, as the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, after hearing such Appeal, shall determine to be just, and the Account between such Parish or Place, and the Treasurer of the County, shall be settled accordingly; and such Determination of the Justices, at such Quarter Sessions, shall be final and conclu* five, so far as relates to the Amount at which such Parish or Place shall be in future assessed to the County Rate, until the Rentals of the several Pariftieo and Places within the County shall be again generally revised and rc-ascertained.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this A A, shall be quashed for Want of

Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Athe Distress itself shall pot be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Convidrioo, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, noc shall such Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers mb initio* on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Case, but do Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity

m

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III. C. civ — cviii. 1029

as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made, by or Tender of on behalf of the Party distraining, before such Action brought. Amends.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action General 11T1*. shall be prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done

in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matters in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or shall discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, after Issue joined, or if on Demurrer, or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any Defendants Treble Celts, have by Law in any other cases; and though a Verdict shall be given In what case for any other Plaintiff, in any such Action or Suit as aforesaid, such not s, ven* Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Action, and of the Verdict obtained therefrom.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits and Action* where -Prosecutions, to be commenced against any Person or Persons, for me£h

any thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County and Place where the Facts were committed, and shall be Limitation of commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed, A^, oris* and not otherwise.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Expences incident Expence of AQ. to the soliciting, obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid out

of the County Rates of and for the said County, by and under the Order of the Justices assembled at their First Annual General Session to be holden as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Public Act* and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of

as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. cv.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, regulating 6 G. 3. c. 7a and improving, the City of Bath> and the Liberties and Precincts repealed as to thereof.

[17th June 1814.] PavinK»&c-

Street*, &c. in

the City, See. and to Removal and preventing of Nuisances, &c. therein.

Cap. cvi.

An Act for improving the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County 17 G. 3. c. 5, of Stafford, and for removing and regulating the Markets in the said Town, [17th June 1814.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for enabling the Proprietors of The Commercial Rooms in the City of Bristol, to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, and for the Regulation of the said Rooms, and the Property thereof.

[17th June 1814.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act for lighting, watching and improving the Town of Dart-fordf in the County of Kent.

[17th June 1814.]

3 U 3 Cap.

C. cix — cxv.

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

1030

Cap. cix.

An Act for cleansing, lighting and otherwise improving certain Streets and Places within and near the Town and Borough of Gateshead, in the County of Durham.

[ 17 th June 1814.]

Cap. cx.

5*G. 3. c.cix. An'Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Church of Saint Sidwell, in the City of Exeter.

fiyth June 1814.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for building a New Church # within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[17th June 1814.]*[To be called "The Church of Saint Michael."}

Cap. cxii.

An Act for enlarging the Church Yard and Burial Ground for the Pari Hi of Lambeth, in the County of Surry; and for improving and widening the Approaches to the Church in the same Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, relating thereto.

[17th June 1814.]

Cap. cxiii.

G. 3. c.xxi. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for belter affirg and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Mary, Newington, in the County of Surry, and regulating the Poor thereof; and granting other Powers in lieu thereof; for rebuilding or repairing the Workhouse; and removing and preventing Encroachments and Annoyances in the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[17th dune 1814.]

Cap. cxiv.

1 G. a. Stat. a. An Act for altering, amending and rendering more effectual an Act t*0- of the First Year of King George the Second, for, erecting a

Workhouse in the City of Canterbury, for employing and maintaining the Poor there, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[17th June 1814.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act to authorize the Inspectors appointed by an Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty to examine, inspect, stamp and mark Raw Skins of Sheep and Lambs in the Market held in Kingss Place, in the Parish or Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surry.

[17th June 1814.]

G.3. c. 71.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Forty ' third Year of His present Majesty*t Reign, for extending the Provisions of Two former Acts relating to the Use of Horse Hides r*

making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in theflaying thereof, it was, among ft other things, enacted,

t that

A.D. 1814.

C. cxv.

54° GEO. III.

1031

4< that all Raw Skins of Sheep or Lambs which should be flayed within any Parish or Place, not exceeding Five Miles from the Royal Exchange of the City of London, should be brought, for the Purpose of being inspected, examined, damped and marked as therein mentioned, either to the Sheep Skin Market in Wood's 4 Close, or to the Sheep Skin Market in the Borough of Southwark,

4 or to the Sheep Skin Market in the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate, commonly called The Whitechapel Market, or to such other Market or Markets, Place or Places, as should at any time thereafter be named and appointed for that Purpose in and by any Act of Parliament that might be thereafter named; and the Owner of any such Raw Skin neglecting or omitting to bring or cause the same to be brought to the proper Market or Place to be inspected, examined, stamped and marked, according to the Provisions of the said Act, is thereby made subject to a Penalty for every such Skin of any Sum not exceeding Fire Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings: And Whereas it is by the said Act direelect, that proper Persons shall be annually cledted (in the manner therein mentioned) as Inspectors, to examine, inspect, stamp and mark all Raw Skins of Sheep and Lambs to be brought to the said several Markets: And Whereas a new Skin Market hath been lately erected and built at a Place called King's Place, near Blackman Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surry, at a short Distance from the aforesaid Sheep Skin Market in the Borough of Southwark, but out of the Limits of the said Borough of Southwark; and a considerable Part of the Business which used to be transacted and carried on there is now removed to and carried on at the said new Market at King's Place;

but the Inspectors appointed under the said recited Act to examine,

inspect, stamp and mark the Raw Skins to be brought to the aforesaid Market in the Borough of Southwark, consider that they are not authorized or empowered by the said Act, or otherwise, to examine, inspect, stamp or mark Raw Skins to be brought to the said new Market at Ring's Place aforesaid; and all the Skint bought and sold at the said new Market, are obliged to be carried to the said Market, in the said Borough of Southwark, to be examined, inspected, stamped and marked, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, to the great Inconvenience and Expence of the Buyers and Sellers attending the said new Market;

4 And Whereas it would be of great Advantage to the Trade of the said new Market, and more convenient to the Buyers and Sellers who attend the same, if the Provisions of the said recited Act were extended to the said Market at King's Place, as well as to the aforesaid Markethn the Borough of Southwark; but, inasmuch as such Beneficial Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this p'efent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, Raw Skin* from and after the passing of this Act, the said new Market at King's w*'cre to Place aforesaid shall be and the same is hereby named and appointed a Market or Place to which Raw' Skins of Sheep or Lambs Hayed at any Place within the Limits of the said recited Act may be sent

3 U 4 for

T032

Notice to Irj. spertors of

t).iys rn which Skins iul'perted, &c.

Inspectors elected for Borough Market to art in new Market.

C. cxv.^543 GEO. III. A.DiSi*.

for the Purpose of being inspected, examined, stamped and marked in manner by the said recited Act directed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, all Raw Skins of Sheep or Lambs, which shall be llayed within any Parish or Place not exceeding Five Miles from the Royal Exchange of the City of London, shall be brought for the Purpose of being inspected, examined, stamped and marked in such manner as by the said recited Act is directed, either "to One of the said Markets named and appointed for this Purpose in and by the said recited Act, or to the said new Sheep Skin Market at Kings Place aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Batcher or other Person Haying any Skins of Sheep or Lambs at any Place or Parish beyond the Distance of Five Miles, and within the Diilance of Fifteen Miles of the Royal Exchange of the said City of London, to bring any such Skins to the said new Skin Market at King's Flare aforesaid, or to the respective Sheep Skin Markets in the said recited Act mentioned, upon giving One Week's Notice of such his Intc./ioa to the Inspector or Inspectors of the District or Place from which such Skins shall be so brought.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Raw Skins of Sheep or Lambs that shall or may be sent or brought to the said new Market at King's Place, for the Purpose of being inspected, examined, stamped and marked, shall be sent or brought for such Purposes on fuefdays, Thursdays and Saturdays, and on no other Dar?, and between the Hours of Six of the Clock in the Morning and Twelve of the Clock at Noon, and at no other times.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the same Persons who under the Provisions of the said recited Act shall be annually elected as Inspectors, to examine, insped, stamp and mark all Raw Skins of Sheep and Lambs to be brought to the aforesaid Market in the Borough of Southwark, shall be also the Inspectors to examine, insped, stamp and mark all Raw Skins of Sheep and Lambs to be brought to the said new Market at King's Place by virtue of this prelVnt Ad; and that for such iaft mentioned Purpose, and in such last mentioned Capacity, they the said Inspectors shall have and enjoy the farce Powers, Privileges and Authorities, and shall take the same Oath, and shall receive and be entitled to the same Fees and Sums of Money, and shall be subject and liable to the same Fines and Penalties, and to the Operation and Effect of the same Clauses and Provisions, and shall observe, perform and do the same Rules, Regulations, Trulls, Directions, Acts, Deeds, Matters and Things in all respects, as by virtue of the said recited Act they are authorized and empowered, or directed and enjoined to have, enjoy, take, receive or be entitled or subject or liable to, or to observe, perform and do for the Purposes, and in the Capacity mentioned and specified in such recited Act; and that all the Sums of Money which by virtue of this Act shall be received by the said Inspectors for Fines, Penalties and Fees at the said new Market at King's Place aforesaid, shall be paid, applied and disposed of in such and the same manner in all respects as in and by ttie said recited Act is directed, with respect to the Monies to be respectively received by the several Inspectors therein mentioned or referred to for Fines, Penalties and Fees at each of such

respective

I033

A.D. 1 S14. 54° GEO. III. C. cxv.

respective Markets or Places, as in the said Act is mentioned or referred to.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Powers, Provisions, Ciaules, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, Fines, Penalties, Matters and Things in the said recited Act contained, which in any wise relate to or concern the Inspection, Examination, Stamping and Marking as aforesaid, of all such Raw Skins of Sheep or Lambs as shall be brought to any or either of the said Markets at Wood's Close, or in the Borough of Southwark, or in the Parish of Saint Botolfh Aldgatey mentioned and specified in the same Act, or which otherwise relate to or concern the said Markets, or any or either of them, or the Condust, Regulations, Management or Affairs thereof, shall from henceforth be extended, and shall equally apply to the Inspection, Examination, Stamping and Marking as aforesaid of all such Raw Skins of Sheep or Lambs as shall be brought to the said new Mark t at King's Placey or to any other Act, Matter or Thing whatsoever, in any wise relating to or concerning the said lad mentioned Market, or the Conduct, Regulations, Management or Affairs thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall offer any Sheep or Lamb Skin for Sale, or shall fell the same, or if any Person or Persons shall purchase any Sheep or Lamb Skin at the said new Skm Market at King's Place aforesaid on any other Day than Tuesday, Thursday or Saturday, or at any other time on those Days than between the Hours of Six of the Clock in the Morning and Three of the Ciock in the Afternoon, that then and in every such case, every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Six pence, nor less than One Shilling for every Sheep or Lamb Skin so fold, or offert d for Saie, or so pure hafed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize any Person or Persons whomsoever, to fell or offer for Sale at the said new Market at King's P/acs aforesaid, any Raw Hide or Skin, or Raw Hides or Skins of Oxen Bulls, Covi s, Heifers, Steers or Stirks, Horses, Marcs, Geldings, Calyes, Hogs or Pigs.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any time or times after the passing of this Act, fell or offer for Sale the said new Market at King's Place aforesaid, any Raw Hide or Skm, or Raw Hides or Skins of Oxen, Bulls, Cows, Heifers, Steers or Stirks, Horses, Mares, Geldings, Calyes, Hogs or Pigs; or if any Person or Persons shall purchase at the said new Market, any such Raw Hide or Skin, or Raw Hides or Skins, that then and in every such case, every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings for the Hide or Skin of every Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer or Stirk, Horse, Mare or Gelding; and any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, for the Skin of every Calf, Hog or Pig, so fold or offered for Saie, or so purchased, at the said new Market as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be levied and recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and be applied in like manner as is

directed

Powers of recited Act extended to Time when Skins fold.

[Penalty.]

What Skins not exposed to Sale.

Selling Ox Hides, See.

[Penalty.]

Fines, &c. how recover'd.

C. cxv, cxvi.

$4° GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

[Public Act.]

50 G. 3. c. cliiu.

I 1.

Charter 30 April 1812.

Company to nife their Capital in Three Years from the paflinj of this Act.

So.

No Share fold after a Call till Money paid.

§ 19-

f Sit.

directed by the said recited Act for the levying and recovering of the Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures thereby imposed.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of 23 fitch by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majestr for granting certain Powers and Authorities to the Gas Light and Coke Company.

[17th June 1S14.]

1 W/ ^EAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for grant- ing certain Powers and Authorities to a Company, to be ineerp> 1 rated by Charter, to be called The Gas Light and Coke Company,

for making inflammable Air for the lighting of the Streets of the

Metropolis, and for procuring Coke, 0/7, Tar, Pitchy Afphaltom

Ammoniacal Liquor and Fffential Oil from Coal; and for ether

Purposrs relating thereto, whereby it was enacted, that in case Hu

Majesty should think fit, within Three Years after the passing of the said Act, by His Royal Charter to incorporate the Persons who

should be named in such Charter, for the Purposes in the said Act

mentioned, such Corporation should have the Powers and Authori-

ties, and be subject to the Regulations and Restrictions in the said Act mentioned: And Whereas His Majesty by His Royal Charter,

bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve, did incorporate the said Company in purfuar.ee of the Provisions of the said Act: And Whereas the said Company

+have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but from the Nature of the Works of the said Company, and the many Obstacles and Difficulties which they have had to encounter, their Progress has been very much retarded: And Whereas it will be expedient that several of the Provisions of the said Act should be altered,

enlarged, extended and amended, and that some further Power*

should be given to the said Company: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Company shall be allowed the Period of Three Years, to be computed from the passing of this Act, to raise the full Sum* authorized and required to be raised under and by virtue of the said recited Act 5 any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after any Call for Money shall be made by virtue of the said recited Act*ro Person or Persons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares, which he, she or they shall possefs in the said Undertaking, after the Day appointed for the Payment of the said Call, until the Money io called for or in respect of his, her or their Shares intended to be sold, shall be paid, and until such Money so called for shall be pud, any such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be voidf; and all and every Person or Persons making Default herein, shall be subject

C. cxvi.

1035

and liable to forfeit such his, her or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to and for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, xinlefs he, she or they shall at 'he time of such Sale or Transfer pay to the Treasurer of the said Company the full Sum of Money called for upon every filar* lo to be sold or transferred; such Forfeiture nevertheless to be first notiii*I and declared in manner dirodted by the said recited Act, with respect to the Forfeiture of Snares for not anf vering the Calls to be made thereon as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pa (Ting Proprietors to of th: s Ad, every Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the

[Proviso.]

said Undertaking, shall be qualified and entitl >d to vote for himself or j'hr^e herself who has possessed his or her Share or Shares, and whose Name Months, has been entered in the Books of the said Company as the Pjff'flbr or Proprietor of such Share or Shares for the Space of Three Calendar Months then next preceding, at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, according to the Ratio contained and directed in the said recited Act; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided dways, tint no

Person shall be intitled to vote at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, in respect of any Share or Shares which he or she may pofiefsin the said Undertaking, unless such Person shall have fully paid and fntisfied all Arrears of Money which shall or may have become due in pursuance of any Call or Calls by the said Governor,

Deputy Governor, and Directors for or in respect of such Share or Shares.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Female Proprietor of Females may Shares in the said Undertaking, may give her Vote or Voles in re- vote by sped of such shares at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, either in Person or by her. Proxy constituted under her

Hand, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and every such Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be as good, valid and sufficient, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal had voted in Person: Provided nevertheless, that no Proprietor shall give or deliver in Proxies for more than Six Female Proprietors, and the Appointment of such Proxies shall be made according to the Form following; that is to say,

I A.B. of Proprietor of Form of Proxy.

4 Shares in the Capital Stock of The Gas Light and Coke

Company, do hereby nominate, constitute and appoint C» Z). of

to be my Proxy in my Name, and in my Absence, to

vote or give my Assent to, or Diflent from any Business, Matter

or Thing relating to the said Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or proposed at the Meeting of the said Company, to be

holden on the Day of next, in such

manner as he the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his 1 Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking,

in any Thing appertaining thereto. Witness my Hand, this

Day of .*

V. And be it furthef* enabled, That, from and after the passing of Qualification of this A cl, any Owner or Proprietor of Shares in the said Undertak- Governor, De-ing shall be qualified to be elected, and to fit and act as Governor,

Deputy Governor or Director of the said Undertaking, if, at the an*

time of such Election, he shall, and shall continue to hold, and be po fie fled of Twelve Shares, at the least, in the Joint Stock or Capital

C. cxvi.

io3<5

54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Court of Directors empou ered to administer Oaths to new Dirtftors.

5°°; > c. clxtii. $ 12. in part repealed.

Form of Trans-ferof Shares.

of the said Undertaking; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and such Regulations, Restrictions and Directions shall he applicable to such T welve Shard as are contained in the said recited Act, in respect of the Shares thereby directed to be held by the said Governor, Deputy Governor atA Directors; and such Oaths shall be administered to the Person or Persons so elected, or acting as Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, by virtue of this Act, in respect to such Twelve Shares as are directed by the said Charter to be administered to the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, of and in the said Undertaking.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person to be elected Governor, Deputy Governor or Director, of and in the said Under-taking, shall, oa account of Illness, or otherwise, be absent from, or unable to attend the General or Special Meeting of the said Company,

at which such Person shall be so elected Governor, Deputy Governor or Director, and be thereby prevented from taking the Oaths prescribed and directed by the said Charter, to be administered at a General or Special Meeting of the said Company, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Meeting in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, to administer the said Oaths to such Person so elected to be Governor, Deputy Governor or Director, and absent from such General or Special Meeting of the said Company; and upon such Oaths being administered by the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, or any competent Number of them, such Person shall be as fully qualified and empowered to act as Governor, Deputy Governor or Director, as if such Oaths had been adrpiniftcred at the General or Special Meeting of the Company, at which such Election took place.

VII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as prescribes a Form for the Transfer of Shares in the said Undertaking, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paflitig of this Act, the Transfer of any Share or Shares in the said Under-taking, shall be in the Form following; videlicet,

' T of in Conflderatioa

of paid to me, by

of do hereby bargain, fell, assign and transfer,

to the said the Sum of

' Capital Stock, of and in the Undertaking of ' The Gat Light

and Coke Companybeing of my Share No.

in the said Undertaking; To Hold to the said

Executors, Administrators and Assigns, subject to the same

Rules, Orders and Restrictions, and on the lame Conditions that I

held the same, immediately before the Execution hereof; and I, the said do hereby agree to take and accept

the said Share subject to the same Rules,

4 Orders, Restrictions and Conditions. As Witness our Hands and

Seals this Day of.in the

4 Year of our Lord

IX. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Extent of the Powers vested in the said Company for lighting Houses, Manufactones and Buildings, ' For removing whereof, be it further enacted,

C. cxvi — cxviii.

A.D. 1814.

54'

Geo. m.

*37

That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority, with the Power* of Com.

Consent and under the Direction of any Commissioners or Trustees, or PJnX in li£htil,

other Person or Persons, having the Care, Superintendance or Con- Houses*

troul, over the Pavements in any Part of the Cities of London and

Westminster, or either of them, or within the Town and Borough of

Southwark, in the County of Surry, or the Suburbs, Liberties or

Precincts of the said Cities or Borough respectively, or adjacent

thereto, to lay any Mains or Pipes communicating with the Works of the said Company, along any Streets, Highways, Lanes or Passages or

any Part of them, within the said Cities, or either of them, or within the said Town and Borough, or the Suburbs, Liberties or Precincts

aforesaid; and to light any Houses, Manufactories or Buildings

whatever from any of such Mains or Pipes although no Contract

may have been entered into with the said Company for lighting any

Public Street, Highway, Lane or Pastage, in the Parish or Place

where such Houses, Manufactories or Buildings shall lie or be situated;

any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise

not with Handing.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Powers, Provisions, 50 G. 3. Clauses, Regulations, Directions, Restrictions, Matters and Things, c. clxiii. and this whatsoever, contained in the said recited Act, so far as the same are A^conJ^ed not expressly altered or repealed by this Act, shall be construed to " ne extend and operate, and be in full Force, with respect to all Matters

and Things whatsoever, which may happen or arise in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same and every Part thereof were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and were made Part thereof 5 and the said recited Act and this Act shall, as to all Matters and Things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be construed as One Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and public Act, taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Commencement Powers hereby given, shall take Place, and have Commencement and Continuants and continue from and after the passing thereof, until and inclusive of the Thirtieth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and from thence, for, and during, and unto the full End and Term of Eighteen Years.

Cap. cxvii.

An Act to enable the several Persons therein named to dispose of See 32 G.3. certain Securities upon the Tolls of the Iron Bridge at Btjhop c. 90. for BuiW-Wear mouth, in the County of Durham, and Ferry Boats attached the thereto, by way of Lottery.

[17th June 1814.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Act to enable the President and College or Commonalty of the Faculty of Physic, in London, to hold their Corporate Meetings within the City of Westminster, or the Liberties thereof.

[17th June 181+0

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in 14 & 15 H. S.

W the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His c.j.

Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled Privileges and Authorities

C. cxvllu

A.D. 1814.

College of Physicians holding Corj>orate Meetings in City of Westminster.

31H.8. c. 4a

54° GEO. III.

ritier of Physicians in London, certain Letters Patent, bearing Date at Westminster, the Twenty third Day of September, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King Henry tb? 4 Eighth, whereby certain Physicians, therein named, and all othr Men of the same Faculty, within the City of London and Sevr Miles about, were incorporated and made one Body and p Tpetuii Commonalty or Fellowship of the Faculty of Physic, by the Nzz* 4 of "The President and College or Commonalty of the Facob of Physic in London with divers Powers and Authorities L 4 the said President and College or Commonalty thereby given, vce- 4 confirmed and enlarged; and by the said Statute it is enacted, tlr no Person shall from thenceforth be filtered to exercise or pract: i 4 in Physic thro' gh England, until such time as he be examined t 4 London by the said President and Three of the E*e£ls, and har from the said President or Elects Letters Teflimonial of their Afproving and Examination, except he be a Graduate of Oxford x 4 Cambridge: And Whereas it is doubtful whether the President m 4 College or Commonalty aforesaid can, by virtue and Authontr of the Charter and Statute aforefa*d, hold any Corporate Met: ings, or do any Corporate Act or Acts whatever, out of the fii: 4 City of London: And Whereas from the great Increase of the Metropolis, it would be very benciicial that the President ar.i 4 College or Commonalty of the Faculty of Physic aforesaid should be authorized and allowed to hold Corporate Meetings, and do Corporate Acts, either in the City of Westminster, or in the L: berties of the said C'tyMr.y it therefore please Your Majesty rfar it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Pt\i-dent and College or Commonalty of the Faculty of Physic in London may and they are hereby authorized to appoint and hold Corporate Meetings and Councils within the said City of Westminster or the Liberties thereof, for the due Exercise and Enjoyment of the several Powers and Authorities granted and confirmed to the said Prei> dent and College or Commonalty of the Faculty of Physic, by the Charter and Statute aforesaid; and that all Order*, Meetings Eiedlions, Examinations, Proceedings, Act or Acts, what foe<.r, had, done and performed, by the said President and College or Commonalty of the Faculty of Physic, or by the President, and any Three or more of the Eleds of the said College or Commonalty, within the said City of Westminster, or the Liberties thereof, shall be as valid and of like Eflod, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same would have beeu by virtue of the Charter and Statute aforesaid, if had, done and performed within the City of London; and that all Rights, Immunities, Powers, Franchises, Privileges and Authorities, which the said President and College or Commonalty art authorized and entitled to have, hold, exercise and enjoy by virtue of the Charter and Statute aforesaid, or by virtue of a Statute passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled For Physicians and their Prm lege, or any Statute in force at the time of passing this Act or bf any other way whatsoever, shall continue and remain to be held, ex«r-ifed and enjoyed, by the said President and College, or Conunoo-

16 airy*

C. cxviii — cxxiv.

i°39

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

alty, in the same, and as still, free and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same now are held, exercised and enjoyed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said President and College, College of

or Commonalty, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to lu>^"

take, hold, polfefs and enjoy, any Lands, Tenements and Heredita- , n* an*ments wheresoever lying and being, not exceeding in the whole the yearly Value of One thousand Pounds, notwithstanding the Statutes of Mortmain.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Public Adh and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice

of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. cxix.

An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the Thirty 3xG.3. c. 58. first Year of Hfs present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers within the Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, and to alter and amend the said Act.

[17th June 1S14.J

Cap. cxx.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Forty ninth 49 G. 3. c. lviii. Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to the twenty Mile Stone on Egham Hilly in the County of Surry. (a) [17th June 1814.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to creasey new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, % i G. 3. «. 159. for repairing the Road from Dunflable to Hoclltffcy in the County of Bedford, (a) [17th June 1814.]

[ Former Tolls to creasey new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of His late 18 0.2. c. 16. Majesty, and Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing 11 G. 3. c. 83. the Road from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of 39 r' c* I5*' York, to Hobmoor Lane End. (b) [17th June 1814.] 4 c, xxvlm

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act to continue the Term, and amend, alter and enlarge the JJG. 3. C. 177. Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from He age, in the County of Derby, through Belperf to Jdujjieldy in the said County, (c) [17th June 1814.]

[.Additional Tolls. Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Saint Lloyds, in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Olney to Newport Fagnelly in the County of Bucking-.ham* (b)'[17th June 1814.]

£&' T

1040

C. cxxv — cxxix.

A.D. 1814.

5 G. 3. c. 84.

13 0.3. c. ico. 33 G. 3. c. 141.

15 G. 3. c. 73. 36 G. 3. c. 141.

54° GEO. III.

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for enlarging the Terra and Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Newcastle under Li*t to Hajfop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Tumpik? Road near Buxton, and several other Roads there: 1 described, c the Counties of Stafford and Derby; so far as such Atl s rektf to the Second Distritl (a) of the said Roads.

[17th June 1S14.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls grant'd.

Double Tolls on Sunday.j

(a) [Leek to Haffop, Middle Hills to Macclesfield Turnpike R: ii near Buxton.']

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act (a) of Hit prefer. Majesty for repairing the Road from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick.

[17th June 1814.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted Double Tolls on Sunday.]

(a) [15 G. 3. c. 73. 36 G. 3. c. 141. continued, &c.]

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of William Border, and now belonging to Jane Burder, William Burder, Charles Forfler Burder, Ann Goldsmith and Mary Go/dftrilby In-fants, and to Samuel Burder, Mary Needham Burder and Elizabeth Burder, in undivided Shares in Fee Simple, in Trustees, to be sold; and for inverting the Purchase Monies arising from the Shares of such of them as are Infants in other Real ErtateSto be conveyed to them in Fee Simple, in lieu of such Shares, (q. P.)

[17th June 1814.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of Stole Newton? or Newnton otherwise Newington, in the County of Middifex? founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Lease of the Manor of Stoke Newtonf or Newnton otherwise Newington, in the said County, Parcel of the said Prebeud, in Manner therein mentioned, and to enable the granting of Sub Leases for building thereon, and otherwise improving the same, and for other Purposes, (q. P.) £i7th dune 1814.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Farms, situate in the County of Warwick, Part of the Estates devised by the WiU of Sir Charles Henry Talbot Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, in Trad, to convey the same to the Most Honourable Francis Ingram Seymour Conwayt Marquis of Hertford, upon Payment by him of Fifteen thousand Pounds for the Purchase of the same, and fa-inverting such Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. (q. P.)

[17th June 1814.]

Cef.

i 814.

54° GEO. III.

C.cxrx — cxxxvii.

104!

Cap. cxxx*

An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Lord Cal/horpe9 and others^ to grant Building Leases of Land in the Parish of Saint Pane rat, in the County of Middlesex. (q. P.)

[17th June 1814.] as to Paving, &e. Estate of Lord Calthorpe, rxcxxix. post.']

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the7 G. 3. c. 71. Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Feoffees and Trustees of an Estate in the County of Middlesex, given by

Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a School and Alms Houses at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to (ell Part of the said Eslate, or to grant Leases thereof; and for other Purposes. (q. P.) [17th June 1814.]

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for vesting in the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge the9g. i. c. 27. legal Estate in Fee Simple of certain Estates veiled in Thomas 10G.1. c. 16. Prickard, an Infant Trustee, and others.; and for confirming a 11G. 2. c. s$. Sale made by the said Commissioners and for making them a Cor- 12*

poration, and giving them further Powers of felling and leafing. q \q.

[17th June 1814.] 1^0.2. c.a6.

17 0.2. c. 32. 18O.2. c. 29. 29 G. 2. c. 33. 30 G. a. c. 34.

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for vesting an undivided Third Part of certain settled Estates of Thomas Symons Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in the County of Sussex, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. (q. P.) (317th June 1814.]

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of Thomson Bonar Esquire, aeceased, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold 5 and for laying out the Monies thence arising, in the Purthafe of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as th6 Estates so fold. (q. P.) [17th June 1814.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for amending an Act of King Charles the Second, relating ppf ar'*

to the Cathedral'Church of Saint Asaph in the County of Flint.

(q. P.) [[17th June 1814.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Townships of Campfall, Norton and AJkern, in the County of York. (q. P. )

[17th June 1814.]

44 Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §20. 24. 29,

Cap. cxxxviL

An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Townships of Barnoldpwick and Salter forth, in the Parish of Barnoldfwick, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.T

[17th June 1814.]

54 GEO. III. 3 X Cap.

10*2

A JD. 1814.

C c*wvu«r-cxlvl 54° G£C>. UL

C^cxxxviiL

' An Act.&r iocloibg* and e*oaexatm from Tithe*, Loads in Ar r Parish of Poitou, in the County of Bedford, (q. P.) -

[17th June 1814.]

" No Lease of Lands by Vicar of Potto*, without Consent of Ha* MsjeAy, his Heirs or Successoro, as Patrons of the Vicarage, f

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Panih of Mnrfshy, hr the County of Buckingham. jfq. P.) [17th June 1814.]

" Allotments and Ccrapcnfations for Tithes, §25.

i.

Cq^. CxL

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Combe Saint Nicholas, in the Coufty of Somerset. (q. P.) [17th Jnne 1814.]

Cap. cxli.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of HUderfione, in the County of Stafford, (q. P.) [17th June 1814.]

Cap. cxlii.

J6 G. 3. c. 69, An Act to complete the Purposes of an Act, intituled tin Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishet of Kirkdale and Hebnfley, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[17 th June 1814+]

ip°*3: c: ty

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and also the (laid

Act printed*by ^tted Ad of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His prefect King's Printers. Majesty, shall respectively be printed by the federal Printers to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof respectively so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices and others.

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Welf or d* in the Coontj of Berks. (q. P. J [17th Art 1814.]

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for vesting certain Common Fields and Waste Grounds within the Town and Borough and Parish of Ttthury, in the County of Gloncefltr, m Trusteet discharged of any Right of Common therein, and upon certain Trustt declared thereof! (q#P«)

[17th June 18*4.3

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for inclosing and reducing to a Stint, or for subdividing and inclosing several Commons and Waite |Grounds within the Lower Divinonof Horton* in RibhlefdaJe, in the Parish of Horton, in Ribblesdale, in the West Riding of the County of Turk. (q. P.)

[17th June 1814.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Scammonden, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [17th June 1814.]

fc*

54#Geo.ih.

|8i4#

' G. C*WiJ--clv.*W43

Cap. cxlvii.

'An Act for irtclosing Lag!, in the Parish of Gonvran, in the County of^ Kilkenny. ^(q. P.)' 11'J, fl[17th June l#i4.J

:: .'m.i:

i: 'Cap Cxlviit.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithinga of East Overton and Lockeridge, and in the Hamlet or Tithing of Fyjuld, in the Parish of Overton, in the County of Wilts*, (q. P.) [17th June 1814.] " Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, f 21, 22, 23, 24, 25-

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Boxford, in the County of Berks, (q. P.) [17th June 1814.]

Cap. cl.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cumner, and in the Chapelry of South Hincksey, in the County of Berks, (q. P.)

[17th June 1814.] M Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, f 23. 25. 28. 32.

Cap ell.

An Act for inclosing Lands In the several Manors of Ketherhall and Rectory of Bradfield, in the Parish of Bradfield, in the County of Essex. (q. P.) [17th June 1814.]

Cap. clu*

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor or Township of Thornton, in the Parish of Thornton, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [17th June 1814.]

4'Cap> clfii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surry, (q. P.) [17th June 1814.]

No Allotment to His Majesty for certain Parts of Windsor Great " Park, §19. Trees belonging to His Majesty fbnding on Fron-" tages, &c. mar be purchasea by Proprietors of Estates, §34. " Commissioners to make Extract of so much of Award as deferibes " His Majesty's Allotments and deliver same to Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, 8cc. or Surveyor General of Land Re-w venues, §48. His Majesty's Allotment may be (old before or* after Execution of Award, §49. Proviso for His Majesty's " Manorial Rights, §51.

Cap. cliv.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Prefion Patrick, in the Parish of purton, in the County of Westmorland. (q. P.j

[17th June 1814.] " Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, f 29, 30.

Cap civ.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Broad Chcdke and Chitmark, in the County of Wilts, (q. P.) [17th June 1814.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, £23.

3 X 2 Cap

1044

C. cIyi — dxr.

$4* GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Cap. clrL

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of East BraJmSam, is the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [17th June 1814.]

Cap. cItu.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Foxdey, in the County of Horfoli. (q. P.) [17th Jum* 1814.]

Cap. drin.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bexley, in the County of jfrnf. (q. P.) [17th June I&14.J

Cap. clix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the farish of Barrington, in the County of Safe*. (q. P.) T [17th Jane 1814.]

Cap. clx.

An Act for inclosing Landsin the Mnon of Great Chdwmti tod Little Chelworth, in the^Parishes of Crieklade Sami Sampson and Crick lade Saint Mary, in the County of Wilt*, (q. P.)

[17th June 1814.]

Cap cki.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llaadj/tBa and LlanciUan, in the County of Anglesea. (q. P.)

[17th June 1814.]

Cap. clxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ayweefirty and dh/; -land, in the County of Hereford. (q, P.) [17th June 181+.]

Cap. clxiii.

An Act for inclosing Cox heath, in the Parishes of Bought* Mom* thelfca, Loose, Linton, Eafi Far high# West Farleigh and Aortas*, in the County of Kent, (q. P.) [17th June 1814.]

Allotment to His Majesty* his Heir* and Successarsy as Leeds of " the Manor of East Farleigh, f 31* Sale of His Majesty* Allot-u ments, £.40 — 42. Extrad of Award and Flan of I lis Majesty's " Allotment lent to Commissioners of Woodsy &c- or Surveyor " General of Land Revenue, §fioK

Cap. dxir.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parkhes of ffwifraw ssd Jhr*

JUldt in the county of -Berks- (q*P>) > [17th Jot* 1*14.]

Cap. titer.

An Act for inclosing certain Moor, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tunjlal, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and ftr converting the same into Stinted Pasture* and other Porpo&s. (q.P.) [tyth Jmm a014.]

*1 Allotments and Qqmpcnfations for to*

A.D. 18r4-l

54° GEO. III. C. clxvi — -dxir.

1045

Cap. clxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Church Coppenball, in the Parish of Coppcnhall, in the County of Chester.

(q. P.) Q17th June 1814 }

Cap. clxvii.

An Act for reviving and confirming certain Powers given and granted by the Will of the late William Egerton Esquire, deceased, over certain Parts of his Estates thereby devised. (q. P. 1

[17th June 1814.]

Cap. clxviii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act made in the Fifty second Year of 5a 0.3. c.cxli. His present Majesty, for making a Canal from the Stort Navigation, at or near Bishops Stortford, to the River Cam.

[20th June 1814.]

Cap. clxix.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better raising and securing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads} Principals and Matters in the Universities of Saint Andrew*, Glasgow, Edinburgh and Aberdeen; and for repealing Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for these Purposes.

[20th June 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the 19 G. 3. c.so. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better raising and securing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Minijlert of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals and Masters in the Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, Edinburgh and Aberdeen; and for repealing Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth and Twenty second Tears of the I x.

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for these Purposes, it vms, among other things, enacted, That the said Ministers,

4 Heads, Principals and Matters, were to pay, out of their respective Stipends or Salaries at their Option, some one of the annual Rates following; that is to say, Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six pence, Three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine pence. Five Pounds Five Shillings or Six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three pence of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be applied for Payment of Life-rent Annuities to the respective Widows of such 120*

4 Ministers of the said Church, or of the Heads, Principals or Matters in the Universities aforesaid, amounting to Ten Pounds,

Fifteen Pounds, Twenty Pounds or Twenty five Pounds of like Money, in Proportion to such of the aforesaid annual Rates respectively, as they should have chosen 5 and also to the making Provision respectively for the Children of the said Ministers, Heads,

4 Principals and Matters amounting to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, One hundred and Fifty Pounds, Two Hundred Pounds or Two hundred and Fifty Pounds of like Money, and in the like Proportion; and it was further enacted, that the Excess or Surplus*3C'

4 of the aforesaid annual Rate andoftke Interest of the Capital

3X3

C.cfxi*. 54^G£^. III.

-i: ' which had already been accumulated pursuant to former Act* tud

- f 4 other Sums payable by virtue of the aforesaid Act* after Payment k - f, the Annual Expence of Management add of the Auftuitfes to V4' Widows and Provisions to Children, therein specified, should be

ti\ f lent out upon proper Security until the Capital of One hundred

thou land Pounds, therein mentioned* should be made up and cotnpleted, when all farther Accumulation should cease, and dm Surplus be disposed of at the Option of the Contributors: And

Whereas after the said Capital did attain the aforesaid Amount* the

§ 33*Contributors on being called upon in the manner directed by the

1 said recited Act, to give an Opinion as to the future Dispoul of the Surplus Revenue* did determine that it should be applied fokly

to the Benefit of the Widows of the Contributors: And Whereas

from the encreased Expence of Living and Decrease in the Valfee ' of Money* the Annuities and Provisions fixed by the said recited Act are found to be now totally inadequate to the Support of the

Widows and Children of Ministers and Professors; and it has; checotae expedient, for the Purpose of remedying this great and f encreeling Evil, and to prevent the Recurrence of a finabrr

Urgency, to make certain Alterations in' the said recited Act, -amd on the Annual Rates thereby made payable, which cannot be

effected without the Aid and Authority of Parbament May it therefore please Your. Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

t^ie That every Minister who was possessed of a Benefice in

*c> encreased.*the Church of Scotland, and every Person who was possessed of the Office of Head, Principal or Masser in any of the Universities of Saint Andrews^ Glasgow % Edinburgh and Aberdeen* on or before the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen* and who as a Contributor to the said Fund is now subject to one or other of the annual Rates before specified, shall pay yearly an Addition of Twenty Pounds per Centum upon his present annual Rate; that is to say, instead of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six pence, Three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine pence, rive Pounds Five Shillings or Six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three pence of lawful Money of Great Britain, as directed by the said recited Act* he foil henceforth pay according to the Rate to which he is already sub-jested, either Three Pounds Three* Shillings, Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six pence, Six Pounds Six Shillings'or Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six pence of lawful Money of Great Britain; which encreased annual Rate, every such Minister* Head* Principal and Mailer, shall be bound* and he is hereby required to make Payment of, to the General Collector of the Fund enahlished by the feld recited Act, on or before the Term of Candlemas9or the Second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, for the Year preceding Michaelmas One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and shall continue to pay such encreased Rate at each Term of Candlemas thereafter during his Life, notwithstanding he may hate ceased, or shall hereafter cease. to be a Minister of the said Church, or a Head* Principal or Master in any of the said Untverfities, by Resignation* Deprivation, or m any outer way.

A.D. 1814.

54* Geo. ra.

C, clxi*.

1047

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Minister who was possessed of a Benefice in the Church of Mmrttmt See. Scotland, and for any Person who was possessed of the Office of 7k^dy amftnt-Head, Principal or Mailer in any of the Universities, or who was cd to cncrsafci subject to the Payment of one or other of the Annual Rates payable Ram may under the said recited Act, before the said Fifteenth Day of May dsdint.

One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and who has not already declared his Consent to the Encrease of the Annual Rates herein specially directed and provided, to decline acceding to the Payment of any encreased Annual or other Rates by a Notice in the Form following:

4 To the General Collector of the Ministers* Widows* Fuad, Nsiice. Edinburgh*

A* B. Minister of the Parish of (or, Head,

' Principal, or Mailer of the University of, or

a Contributor to the Fund after mentioned, as the case may be}, do

hereby certify to you. That I do decline to accede to the Payment

of anj encreased Annual or other Rates, authorised by an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards«the Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principal*

and Mailers in the Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow,

c Edinburgh and Aberdeen. A.B. Dated the

Day of One thousand eight hundred

and /.n___t

Which Notice shall be signed by him, and addressed to the General

CoHe&or of the Fund; and which Notice, if he shall not be resident v, ' /

in the Webern or Northern Ides of Scotland, he shall deliver or cause 1 Va

to be delivered at the said Collector's Office in Edinburgh, on or before the Second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and

fifteen, but which, it he shall be resident in the said Westera or

Northern Isles, he shall deliver or cause to be delivered on or before

the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and

in Default of such Notice being given, every such Minister of the

Church of Scotland, and every such Head, Principal or Mailer in

any of the said Universities, shall be deemed and adjudged to be

liable to the Payment of the encreased Annual and other Rates

herein particularly specified, during aH the Days of his Life: Pro- piwfo*

vided always, that no Contributor who shall have resigned or shall have been deprived of his Benefice or Office before the Fifteenth

Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be

subje&ed to or be liable to the Payment of any of the Additions

hereby made to the Annual or other Rates, unless such Contributor

stall, by a Writing under his Hand, addressed and delivered to the

find General Collector on or before the Second Day of February

One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, declare hit Willingness and

Delire to accede to the Payment thereof.

III. And be it enacted, That every such Minister, Head, Principal Ministers for Matter, at aforesaid, who has been admitted since the Fifteenth make Eleven Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or who*!* shall hereafter be admitted to a Benefice- in the Church of Scotland,m ctrtIja ' or to any of the said Offices in any of the Universities aforesaid, Rats.

shall make hit Election of* one or other of the shove mentioned encreased yearly Rates to which he chooses to be subject thereafter

t X 4

by

C. clxix.

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

rnitted alter 40 Years of Age.

19 O.3. u 10. $ 7 "

during his Life, in the way and manner prescribed by the said recited Act; and every Such respective Minister, Head, Principal or Mailer as a fore said* neglecting to give Notice of his Election ia manner therein mentioned, shall be deemed and adjudged to have made hii Election of the encreased annual Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six pence, and shall be liable for the Payment of the said Rate accordingly during his Life. sr*

IV. And be it enacted, That besides the Sums payable by the Marriage, or of° recited Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present having been ad- Majesty by every Minister, Head, Principal, Mailer or other Person as aforesaid respectively, on account of his Marriage, or of having attained the Age of Forty Years before his Admission, and who shall not decline subjecting himself to the encreased annual Rates in manner before mentioned; or having ceased to have Right to his JBenefice or Office before the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, who shall have signified his WillingneU and Desire to be subject thereto, there shall be paid by every such Minister, Head, Principal, Matter or other Person as aforesaid, aa Addition thereto at the Rate of Twenty Pounds per CaUmm on the Sums payable in the several cases before mentioned, as directed by the said last recited Act.

V. And Whereas in farther Aid of the said Fund a great Majority < of the Contributors thereto have entered into a Subscription to*raise an additional Sum to be applied to the Purposes of this Act:

' And Whereas although some Part of the Sum so subscribed has been already paid to the Collector of the said Fund, the greater Proportion thereof is ttill unpaid, and it is of the utxnott Importance to the Purposes of this Act that the Sums subscribed flbould ' be made good within a reasonable time; Be it enacted, That every, Sum subscribed which shall not have been paid to the said^"V1*' y Collector at his Office in Edinburgh on or before the Second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall bear Interest from that Date at the Kate of Five Pounds per Cemium per Annum} and every such Minister, Head, Principal, Matter or other Person, liable for the Payment of the Sums so subscribed; shall thereafter be bound and obliged to make Payment of the lawful Intereil of such Sums remaining unpaid, along with the Amount of his original Subscription.

VI. And be it enacted, That every Presbytery of the Church of Scotland, and each of the said Universities which shall not, previous £0 the passing of this Act, have made Returns of Xafts of such of their Members as shall have joined in the said Subscription and of the Sums subscribed by them respectively, certified and attetted by the Moderators and Clerks of the Presbyteries, or Principals and Clerks of the Universities respectively, shall, on or before the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or where such Presbyterks shall be within the said Western or Northern Isles, on or before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, along with the Annual Litts required by the said recited Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, transmit to the Cferk of the said such

Lifts so certified and attetted under a Penalty of Ten Pounds Sterling, to be levied by the said Collector from the Moderators and Clerks of such Preiby wries, and from the Principals and Ckxks of such Uni*

verfities

Subscription* entered into in aid

or to bear In ttreft.

Presbytrries and Univtrfuies to trar.smit Lifts of Subic: iptious.

19 0.3. C. 20, $46.

[Penalty.]

y

1049

54° GEO. III. C. clxi*.

verfities as shall have failed to transmit such certified and attested Lifts 'within the time Hereinbefore limited.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall for the first time be admitted to a Benefice in the Church of Scotland, or to anf Office in any of the said Universities after the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be subject to pay to the Collector of the said Fund the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, by way of Contribution, as being nearly the Average of the original Subscriptions before mentioned $ Vhich Sum of Ten Pounds shall be payable by Two equal Instalments along with the Two Pirft Payments of his Annual Rate, and shall bear Interest and be leviable in the same manner as such Rates bear Interest and ate leviable.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid encreased Annual Rates, and other Sums by the said recited Act or by this Act made payable by the present and future Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and by the present and future Heads, Principals and Masters in the Universities aforesaid, and the aforesaid Sums already subscribed, or which may hereafter be subscribed as aforesaid by the said Ministers, Heads, Principals or Masters in the said Church and Universities, shall be privileged Debts and preferable to all other Debts of the said Ministers, Heads, Principals and Masters, not only upon their Benefices and Salaries respectively, but also on their whole other Personal Estate; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted, That when any Parish in the Church of Scotland becomes vacant by the Death, Transtation, Refit; nation or Deprivation of an Incumbent holding the Pastoral Cure and Benefice of such Parish, and that vacant Stipend thereby arises subsequent to the Crop and Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, such vacant Stipend, in so far as it has heretofore been applicable by the Patron to pious Purposes shall thenceforth and in all time to come be levied in manner herein after mentioned and paid to the said General Collector, who is hereby authorized to levy and discharge the same by himself, Ids Deputies or Factors, and he is also hereby authorized and required to apply the Produce thereof to the Purposes of this Act, under the Directions of the Trustees appointed to manage the said Fund; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And Whereas by an Act passed by the Parliament of Scotland, in the First Parliament of King William and Queen Mary,

intituled Act anent the vacant Stipends in Argyleshire 5 the vacant ' Stipends accruing within the said Shire were withdrawn from the

Patrons of the several Pariftyes, and made payable to the Synod of 4 J^rgyle or their Factors to be applied by them to certain Purposes

specified in the said Act: And Whereas it is expedient that the whole vacant Stipends throughout Scotland shoula be applied and < disposed of in one uniform manner* Be it therefore enacted, That when any Parish shall Hereafter become vacant within the said Shire of Argyle, by the Death, Transtation, Resignadon or Deprivation of any Mmifter holding the Pastoral Cure and Benefice of the said Parish, and vacant Stipend shall thence arise which by the said last recited Act would be liable to be disposed of by the said Synod of Argyle; all such vacant Stipend shall in future be levied, paid and applied in the same manner and under the same Regulations as are herein provided

Person first time admitted to Benefice, Sec. to pay Fine of 10I

f Sic.

Rates, Sec. to be privileged Debts.

Vacant Stipends applied to Purposes of Act.

Scotch Ad William Sc Mary.

Vacant Stipend-: within Synod of Aqjyle, applied like other vacant Stipends.

io5°

prt viso for

>«ncd of Arfjle.

Vtoviso for i und termed the Ann.

Vjcint Stipend received by Col-lee or and his Deputies.

*9 0.3. C. 20.

So G. 3. c. 84. §18.

C.clxix. $4? GEO. III. A Dr 1814.

vided with regard to vacant Stipend# in wery other Eaxtfi whip Scotland, and that for the Crop and Year One 'thoutaid right hundred and eighteen* and all succeeding Crop* and Year*; any thing in tike said last recited Act to the contrary DOtwfchstanding; , hmt nothing in this Act contained shall be coastrued to extend to deprive the said Synod of Argyle of any Right they may have or claim by Lav or Cudom to dispose of the Rent of Manfet and Glebes* or of the Sums paid in lieu of Manses* termed Manfc Money* within the tad Shire of Argyle.

XI. Provided always and be it ended. That nothing- in thu Ad contained shall affect or be construed to affect the Right which the Widow and neared of Kin of a deceased Minider hove by JUv to One Halfyear* Stipend in Name of Amu

XII. And be it enacted, That at often as any Portion of vocrot Stipend shall occur in any Parish within the Bounds of any Prribjr-tery of the Church of Scotland, the Moderator of such Presbytey, it hereby expressly required within Three Calendar Months* or -if the Parish be situated within the said Wederu or Northern Isles* wkhn Six Calendar Months* after the Terms of IVbitfimday or MubaAmm, at which such vacant Stipend shall become due* to make^ latimatjos thereof by a Writing under his Hand to the General CoUedor of the said Fund at his Office in Edinburgh; which Writing shall also coo* tain an atteded Lid of the several Heritors* or others by whom such vacant Stipend is payable* and of the Proportion thereof payable by each of them, according to the bed of the Knowledge and Belief of such Moderator, after having used all the means in his Power to prtw cure Information; and such Moderator is also hereby required, within Three Calendar Months after such vacant Stipend shall become due* to give Intimation or Notice in Writing to the several Heritors and others by whom the same may be due* that they are required under the Authority of this Act to make Payment thereof to the tad General Collector or his Deputies or Factor demanding the same*' on or before the First Day of May immediately following the Terms of Whktfmn* day or Michaelmas, at which it may have become due; and if the Moderator of any Presbytery shall in any case neglect to make such Intimations in manner hereinbefore mentioned* such Moderator and the other Members of such Presbytery shall in that Event be liable, and they are hereby required to pay and make rood to the tad General CoUedor the whole of such vacant Stipend at their own Expence; but in such Event such Moderator and other Members of the Prdby* tery becoming liable for such Payment shall be entitled to levy* uplift and receive such vacant Stipend from the respective Heritors and others by whom the same may be due* and to grant Receipts for the same* and shall have the same Remedies for Recovery thereof* as the said General CoUedor would have for Recovery of the tanr.

XIII. And Whereas there is at present an unappropriated Balance remaining in the Hands of the Troftces of the Fad efts-

blished under the Authority of the tad recited Act of the Nwe*

teenth Year of His present Majesty* to which certain Dooms

have been added: And Whereas certain Sinus art made payable w

the General Collector under an Act of the Fiftieth Year of Ha

present Majesty, intituled An Act for augmenting Parochial Stifmh 1 in certain Cases in Scotland: And Whereas a Sum of Money ha

been granted to the said Trustees out of the Bishop's Rests ia

16

C. cliix,

AjOtiSfy. $$ GEO. III.

1051

/*; Be it therefore enacted, That the said unappropriated Ba- Funds applicable lattee', with the Amount of the Donations added thereto, the said to Purpose^ of Sums made payable to the Collector as aforesaid, under the said Act

ofMt& Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty in so faT as they have beed already recovered, or may hereafter be received, together with the Amount of the said Donation out of the Bishop's Rents, and inclu&ng the Interest which has arisen or may hereafter arise from these several Souroes, shall in all time coming be applicable to the Purposes of this present Act, to which the said Trustees are hereby authorized and required to apply them in manner herein after mentioned. '

XIV. And Whereas since the Capital Stock mentioned in the x9 G. 3.0.2*.

foresaid Act of the Nineteenth Year ot His present Majesty was com-

pieced, there has been a Yearly Surplus divided among the Widows,

in virtue of the said Act, added to the original Annuities provided ' t<y them, which Annual Surplus varies considerably in its Amount

in different Years, whereby the Widows are left m uncertainty as

to the Extent of the Income which they are to receive in any one

9 Year: Be it therefore enacted, That at the dated Meeting of the Present Annul*

fafid Trustees on the Third Tuesday of February One thousand eight t, eslualize<k

hundred and fifteen, the said Trustees shall calculate and ascertain the

fair Average of this Annual Surplus since it began to be divided,

which Average shall be fixed upon a9 the Sum to be divided among the Number of Widows who may be then upon the Fund, and the

Proportion of such Average Surplus which shall fall to each such

Widow (halt be fixed upon act the Sum to be thereafter paid in each

Yea* to each Widow who may be from time to time on the Fund,

+along with the original Annuities provided to them under the said recited Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XV. And Whereas the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Centum added by this present Act to the Annual Rates payable under the Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, will, by being levied along with the said original Rates and incorporated therewith, increase the Amount of the actual Annual Surplus; Be

it therefore enacted, That the whole Excess of such Surplus beyond Application of the Average to be (truck by the Trustees in manner before mentioned, E^c£of f h» February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and paid annually regulated!* to the Widows as aforesaid, shall be applicable to the Purposes of this Act, as the Produce of the said Twenty Pounds^rr Centum on the said original Rates, and shall be so applied by the said Trustees at their dated Meeting in February One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and at their dated Meetings in February in au subsequent Years.

XVI. And Whereas from the great Number of Widows and

Orphan Families among whom it will have to be divided, the additional Income arising from the Funds above specified would dill if

immediately distributed be very inadequate to the Attainment of the Objects which are in View; Be it therefore enacted, That the Capital Fund or Amount of the Subscription hereinbefore mentioned with the Interest St<* cre*ted arising thereon, the Sums to be received under the Authority of this Act as Contributions of Ten Pounds from Persons hereafter to be admitted t6 Benefices or Offices, the annual Produce of vacant Stipends, the unappropriated Balance remaining in the Hands of the said Trustees including such voluntary Donations as may have been

50 G. 3. c. 84.

After Six Years an Addition nude to Annuities to Widows.

50 G. 3. c. 84.

§ 18.

If no Widow,

Child or Children till certain Agv' entitled to Annuity of Widow.

C-clxix. 54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

added thereto, with the Accumulation of Interest thereon* the Sunu made payable to the said General CoHedlor under the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty in so far as these Sums have been or may hereafter be recovered, the said Sun granted as a Donation out of the Bishop's Rents in Scotland, with the yearly Interest thereon, together with the yearly, Produce of the annual Excess on the foresaid Surplus beyond the Average hereinbefore directed to be calculated by the said Trustees on the Third Tuesday of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be set apart as a Capital Fund or Stock, of which the foie Management shall be vested in the Trustees appointed by the aforesaid Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign 01 His present Majesty, who are hereby authorized (with the Advice and Consent of the Lord President and the Two Senior Judges of the Court of Session, the Lord Chief Baron and the Senior Baron of the Court of Exchequer and of the Lord justice General and Lord Justice Clerk of Scotland for the time being, or any Three of them), to lend out the several Sums of which this Capital Fund or Stock does or shall con ft ft, on good Security, or to veil the same in the Government Funds or in Land, as they shall deem it to be most for the Advantage of their Trust.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest, Dividends and Produce of such Capital Fund or Stock shall be added to the Principal, and accumulated for Six Years, from and after the Twenty second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and during this Term a separate Account shall be kept of the whole Produce of the said unappropriated Balance with its Accumulations, of the said annual Excess arising as aforesaid from the Addition of Twenty Pounds per Centum upon the Original Rates, and of the Sums which may have been or may hereafter be received by the said Collector under the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of ene Reign of His present Majesty; and the said Trustees, at their stated Meeting on the Third Tuesday of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, shall ascertain the total Amount of the Sams, Accumulations, and Interest, of which such separate Account is to be kept UP to, the Second Day of February then current, and from that Period the whole annual Produce of such total Amount of the Sums, Accumulations and Interest, of which such separate Account is to be

at, together with the whole annual Amount of the Excels which thereafter arise in manner before mentioned from the said Additioa of Twenty Pounds per Centum on the original Rates, under the Re-ftridtion and with the Exception herein after menUooed, shall on the Twenty sixth Day of Map One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and thereafter annually, be distributed among the whole of the existing Widows, in Proportion to the Rates respectively chosea by their Husbands, and among the Orphan Children of deceased Contributors, in manner and under the Restrictions herein after mentiooed;

that is to say, in every case in which there shall be no Widow left by a deceased Contributor, but a Child or Children, of whom One or more shall be under the Age of Eighteen Years, at the time when the first Addition shall be made to the Annuities of Widows under this present Act, and whose Father shall have died after the Term of Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and after having subjected himself to the^Payment of an encreased annual Rate in Terms of this Act, such Child or Children shall receive such a

y

C. clxix.

1053

[Proviso.]

Sum yearly at would have been the Amount of the Addition or Encrease of Annuity, which would have been payable m consequence of this Act, to their Father's Widow if (he had survived her Husband 5 which yearly Allowance shall continue to be paid till the youngest or only Child shall have attained the Age of Eighteen Years complete, at the same Terms and under the same Rules as are directed as to the Payment of the encreased Annuities to Widows under this present Act: Provided always, that no such Annuity, or any Part thereof, shall be payable to any only Child or Family of Children, after the youngest Child shall have attained the Age of Eighteen Years.

XVIII. And Whereas the Excels before mentioned will be liable*to Variation in its Amount in different Years in the same way as the g Original Surplus Be it en^sted, That the said Trustees at their Amount of Meeting on the Third Tuesday of February One thousand eight future Additions hundred and twenty one, shall calculate and ascertain the average to Annuities re-Amount of the annual Produce of this Excess, arising from the said loacer* Addition of Twenty Pounds ter Centum on the OriginS Rates during m y' the Six preceding Years; which Average shall be fixed upon as the Sum to be divided among the Number of Widows and Families of Children who may then be upon the Fund; and the Proportion of such Average which shall fall to each such Widow or Family of Children, shall be fixed upon as the Sum to be thereafter paid in each Year to each Widow or Family of Children, which may from time to time be upon the Fund, out of this ^ajrifcular Branch of the Revenue: Provided always, that in making and calculating this Average, and all other Averages for similar Purposes under this Act, the same shall be, if necessary, so increased or diminished in the Option. of the said Trustees, as that no Payment to any Widow or Family of Children shall include a fractional Part of a Pound Sterling; and when the Amount of the said Excess shall fall short of the Average.-

so struck, such Deficiency shall be made good out of the accumulate ing Fund after mentioned, and that when there is an Overplus it shall be applied to the Purposes of such accumulating Fund; and if it shall seem hereafter to be requisite by an Alteration of circumstances, the said Trustees may (trike a new Average of the Excess at the Period of fixing any subsequent additional Diitribution made under this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the Produce of the After Fuft Dif-aflnual Excess beyond the Average to be fixed in manner before men- t', but, ou n?w tioned on the Third Tuesday in February One thousand eight hundred Pro-

and fifteen, and the accumulated Balance in the Hands of the said Ccedi divided Trustees, and the Donations already added thereto shall have ceased to equally among Form a Part of the aforesaid Capital Fund or Stock, in the manner Widows and hereinbefore directed, then the Money raised by Subscription among, the Contributors, the Sums hereby appointed to be paid by future tnbut0"* Incumbents, corresponding to the Average of the original Subscrip-tiofip, the Produce of the vacant Stipends, and the Sums which shall become due to the said Collector under the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, from and after TUkrm of Michaetmas One thousand eight hundred and twenty, together with the before mentioned Donation out of the Bishop's Rents, shall continue to accumulate, with the Interest and Proceeds; thereof, during a further Period of Six Years from the Twenty second

Day

Future Addition* made to Annuities to Widow* and Children.

Additions ply-able as former Annuities were p*/iWe-

Additions tuid only in so far at CoBe£lor may have Funds in Hand.

C.clxlx. 54* GEO: III. A.IXU14

Day of Novembcn One M2idu£ind eight hundred and twfcady, the End of which Period such certain yearly -Sum at may W thought ti. pedient by the said Ttfufteet, but not m any Event «nee<Bog T*o Thirds of the annual free Revenue1 which fhatt^then belong tw tie said Capital Fund or Stock, including in such Revenue the annual Produce of vacant Stipends, and other Funds eRimated according to a fur Average, shall again be set apart and added to the Annuities of Widows and Orphan Families; and such additional Annuities Hull not be diRributea with any Reference to the Amount of Rates, bit shall be equally divided among all the Widows and Families, to what-ever Class of Contributors their Husbanda Or Fathers slay haw belonged.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and tft(V the Date when this Second Addition shall have been made to the Annuities of Widows and Orphan Families, the unappropriated Part of the said Capital Fund or Stock, and the Produce thereof, or Revenue belonging thereto, shall be allowed to accumulate during such a further Period of not less than Fourteen Years as the Troftees shall then jodge expedient, when a certain additional yearly Sum out of this Fund shall again be set apart for the Benefit of the Widows and Orphan families in manner before mentioned; which Sum shall be divided in the same Manner and under the same Regulations as are prefer ibed for the Second Increase of Annuities under this Act 5 and m alt times thereafter, at such Intervals as the Trustees shall judge expedient (each Interval being not less than Fourteen Years), fSnikr Additions, regulated exactly in the same manner, shall be made to the Annuities of Widows and Orphan Families; care heme affrays had not to circumfcrihe too much the Operation of the said Capital Fund or Stock; it being the true Meaning and Intent of this Act that there shall always belong to such Capital Fund or Stock such a $uas dr Revenue as may admit from time to time of an Advance to the Annuities of the Widows and Orphan Families of Contributors in fbaie Degree comfpqnding to what may be the encreased Expence of Living, and to the consequent Exigencies of their Sknstins

XXI. And be it ensued. That every Addition mode to the Annuities of Widows or Orphan Families incooftqueoce of this Act, shall be paid to them by the General CoUe&or, at the same time and under the same Regulations as are at present in force fine the Payment of Widows' Annuities under the Authority of the said lectttd- Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty: Provided always, that it shall appear to the said TruRees at their Rated Meeting at the Third Tucfdaj of May yearly thfrt the Fuads actually recovered under this present Act, and then in the Hands of the CoUe&or, am sufficient for the Payment of such Additions$ but it is hereby expressly provided and declared, that the Collector shall not be bound to mbke good to the Widows and Children the Addition* made It the said Annuities as aforesaid, beyond the Sums he shall have a&uafiy recovered, out of which such Additions are to arise, or from the Funds committed to the Charge of the said TruRees under this Act at the time of such Annual Meeting on the Third Tnefisy of Jftsy, it being always underRood that such Collector shall be bound at the bid Rated Meeting in Mays yearly, to exhibit an exact Accent: of the Funds from which such Additions should arise, so as to enable the said Trusteea to settle precisely the actual Sums ready to be distri-

buted}

C. clxix*

i°SS

lmted 5 but if in any one Tear, this feid Widows and Children shall Ftotri* alefa Addition to their Annuities than is hereby appointed add

ri*tto4©4 for them through a Deficiency of Funds in ther Hands of the CeUc&oty fdch Diminution shall be made of to them or their Representatives as the First subsequent Payment of Annuities under this Act, and their Claim in this respect shall then be preferable to the unsruafed Annuities which shall then become payable.

tiXXII. And be it farther enacted, That if any Minister in the If any Minister, Church tof Scotland or any Head, Principal or Maker in the foresaid &c*refuse 10c-UnWerfiUes, who was admitted to his Benefice or Office on or before ofannuJPa the Fifteenth Day of May of this present Year, shall, in consequence meats, hii of the Power hereinbefore referred to him, refuse to accede to an Widow, &c to Increase upon his annual Rates, or any Contributor who shall have receive no Bem-ceased to have Right to his Benefice or Office, shall not have signified fit mM, er Att* hia Willingnefe to accede to such Increase; in that Event neither the Widow, nor the Children of such Minister, Head, Principal,

Matter or Contributor, shall derive any Benefit from the Funds frifedrot appropriated by virtue of this present A A, beyond One Half the Amount of the Share hereby secured to other Widows or Families of Children under the First Distribution hereinbefore di-rre£fed: to be made, from and after the Twenty second Day of No-metuber One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to which Half they are hereby declared to be entitled, but they shall have no Claim torfct Interest in any subsequent Addition to be made to the An- s

niliries to< Widows and Children.

tXXUL And be it further enacted, That if any such Minister, If Mini a er, Head, Principal or Matter as aforesaid, acceding to an Increase upon Sect-nc to join m his annual Rate, shall decline to join in the Subscription hereinbefore Subscription, his mentioned* then the Widow and Children of such Minister, Head, JZ

Principal or Matter, shall be entitled only to share in the Benefit oniy from First arising from the first Addition to be made to the Annuities of Addition to Widows and annual Provisions to Children, in virtue of this Act, Annuities, but shall have no Claim to or Interest whatsoever in any second or subsequent Addition to be made, either to the Annuities of Widows, or to the Annual Provisions to Children under this Act.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may Time allowed bo lawful for any such Minister, Head, Principal, Matter or Contn- for Psywmte butov Us aforesaid, who shall have acceded to the Increase on his

on or before the ChUdnn to w, Second Day of February One thou fend eight hundred and fifteen, Benefit tp*ter to entitle his Widow and Children to the full Benefit of this Act, by Act. paying or by a Writing under his Hand addressed to the said General Collector, on or before the Second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or if resideat within the Western or Northern Ides, on or before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, obliging himself to pay to the said General Cot* fedor on the said Second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or if not then paid with legal Interest from that Term a Sum equal at lead to the Average of the previous Subscriptions, within the Presbytery or University of which he is a Member, or if there shall have been no previous Subscription within such Presbytery, a Sum equal at least to the Average of the previous Subscriptions in the Synod within the Bounds of which such Presbytery -

fe situated.

i*$6

C. clxix.

54* Geo. nr.

A.D. 1814.

if Gw 3. c.*o.

XXV. And Whereas in the said recited Act of the Nineteenth

Year of the; Rrig*i of His present Majesty, it is enacted, that att

incidental Expences Audi be paidjiy the General Collector, for

which he is to be allowed to take Credit in his Accounts, provided ' she laid Expences do not in any One Year exceed the Sum of 1 Seventy Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; but this Sum

having been found to be too limited 5* Be it therefore enacted,

Expences of Col- That the General Collector shall as heretofore be allowed to take lector allowed to jB his Account for the incidental Expences incurred by the

xtent ico Trustees, including the Collector's Postages, provided these Expences shall not in any One Year exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

XXVI. And Whereas in the Execution of thi* poeient Ad

very conbderable additional Labour and Exptnce wilL-of nncdEty ' fall on the General Collector of the Trustees, who has no Allowance

for Expences made to him whatever by the said roasted A4 of the

Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, and who can neceive do

Advantage or Emolument whatever from the Sums to he acenmu* ' lated under this ACt Be it therefore enacted, That the said General Collector shall be entitled, and he is hereby authorized fen take

Credit in his annual Account of the Fund to be created an dev this torforVncidenta 1 Act for the yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds to be paid to his Clerk,

Allowance to Collector's Clerk, and to General Collec-

Expen

Allowance to Clerk of Trustees under Act.

Allow creaftdky Trofteei, to

Expences of recovering Suns due paid by Detects or EftatfSt

rwNtdm

coming Races under fomwr

for his additional Labour in, consequence of this ACfc, and also fbr the further Sum of Twenty five Pounds yearly to defray his ow* incidental Expences, not including Postages of Letters, for which he is to have Credit in the incidental Account of the Trustees in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Nineteenth Year of the lferigs of His present Majesty.

1 XXVII. And Whereas a very considerable additional Labour will also be imposed on the Clerk of the said Trustees it the Exe- qitkm of this Act Be it enacted, That the iaid Gmnl Codectar shall be entitled to take Credit in his annual Account, of the Fund to be created Under this Act for the Sum of Twenty. Pounds, to be paid from the said Fund to the said Clerk of the TruAees in Name of additional annual Salary.;

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in case the Sams henriabefae r allowed to the General Collector and to the Clerk of: the Trofim shall hereafter appear to be inadequate, it (had in that.Euent be in the Power of the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorised IQ make such reasonable Additions thereto as they shall judge to be neceflarry subject to the Controul and Approbation of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the full Expences that shall be incurred by the said General Collector or Receiver, or his Deputies or Favors, in levying and recovering Payment of tl* respecthm Sums which shall become due and payable in virtue of this Act, or qua of the E dates or Effects of the Persons neglecting or rdfofiftjg to sake regular Payment of the same as hereby authorized and require^ (had be recovered out of their respective Estates without any Taxation, Abatement or Mitigation; any Law or Practice to the contrary not with danding.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all ACtien and Execution competent to the said General Collector by the said recited Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the Recovery of any

Sums

C. clxix — clxxi.

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

Bum* therein authorized to be levied and received by him, shall also Ad extended tb be competent to him for the Recovery of all Sums of Money hereby authorized to be levied and recovered by him.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the said General Collector shall Annual Ac-be bound stod obliged as f he is hereby expressly directed and re- 5u2i L° qoired to lay before the said Trustees at their Meeting on the Fourth Tuesday of November yearly, an exact Account subscribed by him -of his whole Intromissions, with the Sums payable to him under the Authority of this Act for the Year immediately preceding the First Day of November then current, together with an exact Lift subscribed by him of the Arrears under this Act then remaining unpaid; but it is hereby expressly provided and declared, that the said General Collector shall not be bound to advance or to make good any Part of the said Arrears except the Twenty Pounds per Centum incorporated with the Original Rates, until he shall actually have recovered the same, but after having satisfi: d the said Trustees that he has used all

?roper Diligence, he shall be entitled to be annually discharged of his ntroraiffions.

XXXII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Statement made Trustees shall be and they are hereby directed % nd required to subjoin to their annual Report to the General Assembly of the Church of

Scotland, a General Statement of the Amount*and Application of the Fund to be created under the Authority of this Act, at the Period of their last Settlement of the CoHedoris annual Account.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That all and every the Powers and Powers of Authorities, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things, in the said recited former Act n. Ad of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty midrdto Ad. contained, shall be and continue in full Force and Effed, in regard to the Rates and Duties thereby and by this Act authorized -to be levied and paid, and the levying, recovering and applying the same, except in so for as the same are hereby repealed or expressly altered, or are in confident with or repugnant to this present Act.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Expence of procuring E^pcocmofAA and passing this Act shall be paid by the find General Collector out h°* f* of the first and readied of the Funds to be created uqder this Act, at the Sight and by the Direction of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized to give him Credit for the same, at the First Clearance of his Accounts after the passing of the said Act.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall he deemed and Pufcttc Ad. taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, JufUces and others, without being spedaliy pleaded.

Cap. clxx.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament* G. j. for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol and other Buildings for c.lxxrii. the County and City of Edinburgh; for opening Communications to the new Gaol, building a Bridge over the Love Calton; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[20th June 1814.]

Cap. clxxi.

An Act for amending an Act of the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing a Ferry over the c.cxlviiw River Thames from Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to the Isle 54 GEO. III. 3 Y of

105ft C.clxxi — dxxviii. 5^GB0. ID. A.D. 1814.

of Digs, in the County of Middle feu, ind for making and maintaining Roads to communicate therewith.

[20th Jttnt 1814.]

Cap. clxxii.

2j q, ^c. 72. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty first Year of His present Majesty, for better maintaining and regulating the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock and Parish of Stoke Damard, in the County of Devon and for other Purposes and granting further Powers in lieu thereof} for lighting, watching and other-. wife improving the said Town and Parish, and regulating Porter* and Watermen therein.

[20th June 1814.]

Commissionera under 45 (7.3. r.xxxiv. may licence Porters and u Register Watermen.

Cap. clxxiii.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the several Streets and other Public Places partly lying on the West Side of Maiden Lane* partly on the North Side of the New Road9 and partly on the West Side of the Pancrat Road near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

[20th June 1814.]

8 AhimuI*»

110, 9.* 1*.

14 G. 2. c.x* 10 G. 3. c. 108. 33 G. 3. & 183. 39*40 043-

tviii. repealed.

Cap. dxxiv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Seven Oaks Common to Wccdf-gate, Tunbridge Wells and Kipping91 Croft, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate in the County of Kent. (h)

[20th June 1814.]

£Double Tolls on Waggons, fife, laden with Trees, Timber, fife, be* tween ijl Off. and ijl ApriL-\

Cap. dxxv.

An Act for erecting a Shire Hall and Courts for the Admimftratkm of Justice, and other Buildings for Public Purposes, for the County; of Gloucester, and County of the City of Gloucester.

[28th June 1814.]

Cap. dxxvi.

30 G. 3. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His 46 G. 3. c.cxxii. present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, in the County of Sussex.

[28th June 1814.]

[.Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.J

Cap. clxxviS.

xiO. 3.C. 72. An Act for more effectually draining and j^eferving certain Fen ^P*1*1* Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Stole ferry, North-

wold, Wretton, Werebam> West Dereham, Roxham» Fordham» Denver, Down ham Market, Wtmlotsham and Stow Bardolpht is the County of Norfolk.

[28th June 1814.]

Cqp*clxxvui.

An Act to enable The British Fire AJfuronce Office to foe and be sued in the Name of their Secretary. £>8th June 1814.]

Cap.

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III. C. clxxir — dxxxvi.

Cap. clxxix.

An Act to enable The Westminster Society for Insurance of Lives and Survivorship, and for granting Annuities, to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary.

[28th June 1814.]

t°59

Cap. clxxx.

An Act for repairing the Road from Pot ton in the County of Bedford\ and Gamlingay in the County of Cambridge, to Eynesbury in the County of Huntingdon. (a) [28th June 1814.]

Cap. clxxxi.

An Act for vesting the Settled Estates of Thomas Grove the elder and Thomas Grove the younger, in the Counties of Radnor, Derby and Somerset, in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold 5 and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses. (q. P.t

[28th JW 1814.]

Cap. clxxxii.

An Act for vesting an Estate of the Reverend Thomas Walker and Sarah his Wife, situate in or near the Borough of Leicester % comprized in the Settlement executed in pursuance of the Articles entered into previously to their Marriage, in a Trustee for Sale. (q. P.) [28th June 1814.]

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Portishead, in the County of Somerset. (q. r.) [28th June 1814.]

Cap. clxxxiv.

An Act for inclosing the Borough Lands in the Parish of Gatejheady in the County of Durham. (q. P.) [28th June 1814.]

Cap. clxxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Beilby9 in the Parish of Hay tony in the East Riding of the County of York. (jq. P.)

[28th June 1814.]

Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §i69 17.

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 7 G. 3. c.xr, Powers of Three Acts passed in the Seventh, Eighth and Eighteenth 8 G. 3. c' 34 Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening8G. 3-«the Roads from Oxford over Hatley Caufoway to Fifield in the County of Berks, and Witnessin the County of Oxford; and for more effectually repairing and amending the Road from and ont of the Witness Road at the Village of Botley9 into the said Road at or near Swinford Bridge. (b) [1st July 1814.]

8 G. 3. c. 61. — 30 G. 3. c. 106. — 51 G. 3. c. xlvi. repealed as to Road from Farmoor Houses to the Witness Road at or near €t Swinford Bridge; and 8 G. 3. c. 61. empowering Trustees of said Fifield and Witness Roads to ered a Toll Bar, &c. at end of

3 Y 2 44 said

tc6o C.dxxxvi — cxci. 54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

M said Abingdon Road abutting on Witness Road at Striwford Bridge,

<* repealed.

[jFo/wt 7V& /o ceafty new Talk granted.'] x r

Cap. dxxxvii.

An Act for the Sale of federal Messuages and Lands in the Town of Northampton, and in the County of Buckingham, called Beckett's and Sargeant's Charity Estates, veiled in Trustees for charitable Purposes; and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, until a proper Purchase of Real Estate can be found; and in the mean Time for applying the Dividends and Annual Produce thereof upon the Trulls of the Charity; and for other Purposes. (q. P.) [1st July 1814.]

Cap. clxxxviii.

An Act for vesting the legal Estate in Premises in the Counties of Radnor and Kent, the Property of Samuel Lewtn Esquire, upon the Uses declared thereof, by Two several Indentures of Release and Common Recoveries fullered in pursuance thereof, (q. P.)

[1st July 1814.]

Cap. clxxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Cardiagtom and Chunk St ret ton, in the County of Salop. (q.P.) [1st July 1814.]

Cap. cxc.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Pariftt of Tarcmnhty in the County of Devon. (q. P.) [1st July 1814.]

44 No Lease of Lands by Vicar of Tarcombe unless Coafent of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as Patron of the Vkanurc, f M Compensations for Tithes, f 40, 41, 41* Confetti of Patron of 11 die Vicarage for the time being to final Award of Ceat- missioner, §43.

Cap. cxci.

An Act to enable the Governor, Deputy Governor and Diredota of the Society called The British Society for extending the Fisheries,

v and improving the Sea Coasts of the Kingdom, 9 to levy certain ' Rates and Duties on Vessels frequenting their Harbours.

[14th July 1814.]

*6 G.j. c.io6.«WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of dm W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for tnrsrporating certain Perjbiu therein named, by the Name and Style of 4 44 The Brkiftt Society for extending the Ft/heriet and improving tie Sea Coafi of the Kingdom and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Joint Stocky and therewith to purchase Lands, and build thereon -free Towns and Villages y and Fishtng Stations in the Highlands and//lands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, §24. and for other Purfofis; with Power to chooie a Governor, Deputy

4 Governor and Directors, and with other Powers for accompliOnag the Object of their Institution: And Whereas pursuant to the U 4 recited Adof Parliament, the laid Society acquired certain Laadi

adjoining

A.D. 18(4* 54° GEO. in C.cxcu 1061

adjoining to the River Wick, in the County of whereon < they erected a Harbour called Pulteney Harbour; partly by mean*

of an Aid from Government, and partly out of Subscriptions to

their Joint Stock, and they have also built a Town called Pulteney Town, adjoining to the said Harbour; and they have also acquired Lands, and built other Harbours, videlicet, at Tobermory> in the Isle of Mull, in the County of Argyll; at Loch bay, in the Isle of Sky, in the County of Inverness; and at Ullapool, on the Coast of

Lochbroom, in the Counties of Roft and Cromarty: And Whereas the said Harbours, and the Works conaeded therewith, are liable to frequent Injury from heavy Storms, and the same cannot be

kept in good and sufficient Repair, unless a Fund shall be raised for that Purpose by certain Rates and Duties to be levied upon

Vessels frequenting the same; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the , Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Rates levied, and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors of the said Society, or

any Person or Persons by them appointed in that behalf, to levy, or direct to be levied, for or in respect of all Ships or Vessels, as often as they shall resort to, enter or use any of the said Harbours, or any of the Works connected therewith, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Amount of the following Rates and Duties; videlicet.

For every Ship, Vessel or Boat under the Burthen of Fifteen Tons being the Property of His Majesty's Subjects, Inhabitants of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Sum of One Penny per Ton i

If of the Burthen of Fifteen Tons, and under the Burthen of Forty five Tons, the Sum of Two pence per Ton

If of the Burthen of Forty five Tons and upwards, the Sum of Four pence per Ton

Provided always, that for any Vessel coming in Ballall, there shall be paid only Two pence per Ton

For all Foreign Ships or Vessels, Double the above Rates and Duties respectively.

II. And be it enacted, That, for and in respect of Ships er Father Rates

Vessels exceeding the Burthen of Fifteen Tons, loading and unload- upon k»dh* and

ing at any of the said Harbours, it shall and may be lawful for the tmfeadmf.

said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, to levy such further

Rates and Duties for and unon each loading or unloading of such

Ships or Vessels, as they mall think proper, not exceeding the

Amount of the Rates and Duties hereby gnuated upon the Tonnage

of such Ships or Vessels respectively: Provided always, that such

further Rates and Duties dull not exceed the Sum of Four pence

per Ton upon Salt, Coals and Lime; the Sum of One Penny per

poll upon Grain and Meal; the Sum of One Penny upon every

Barrel of Herrings; and the Sum of Two pence per Barrel-Bulk

upon all other Articles and Commodities, or Five per Cent«, upon

the Freight for all Articles and Commodities which cannot be

reduced to Barrel-Built i Hoops, Staves, Heeding and Bum-wood,

3Y 3 «ad

io6a

Allowances, in case any Vessel shall remain in Harbour longer than particular Period*

His Majesty* Ships exempted.

Composition made for Fishing VefleU.

Payment of Rates enforced.

Provision in case Vjyment of Rates eluded or evaded.

C.cxci, GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

and empty Caflca excepted, which shall t*t be liable in any Duty upon loading or unloading.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall be and remain in any of the said Harbours for any longer Period, at any one time, than the Space of Ten Days during the Fishing Season 5 videlicet, from the First Day of July to the First Day of November, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, to levy, or direct to be levied, such further additional Rates or Allowances, over and above the Rates and Duties hereinbefore authorized to be taken, as the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors shall think proper, not exceeding the Amount of the Rates and Duties hereinbefore authorized to be taken.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Ships or other Vessels belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majesty, in the Departments of the Admiralty, Navy, Ordnance, Victualling, Transport, Cuitoros, Excise, Post Office, or any other Department of His Majesty's Government, shall be exempted from the Payment of all and every the above Rates and Duties.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors of the said Society, or any Person or Persons appointed by them in that behalf, to receive and accept from any Mailer, Commander or Owner of any Vessel or Boat engaged in the Herring or White Fishery, uiing any of the said Harbours, such Composition for the said Rates and Duties, payable at such times and in hick manner as shall be directed by the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Masser, or other Person or Persons having Charge or Command of any Ship, Ve/Td or Boat, charged or chargeable with any of the above Rates, shall refuse or negle6f to pay the same, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed by the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, to go on board such Ship or Vessel, and to demand and receive the said Rates and Duties; and if the same shall not be paid, to seize, poind and didrain such Vessel, and all her Tackle, Apparel or Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and the same to detain until the said Rates and Duties shall be satisfied and paid; and if the same shall remain unpaid for the Space of Ten Days after such Seizure and Detention, then it shall and may be lawful for the CoJle&or or Collectors to cause the same to be appraised by any Two or more Sworn Appraisers or other sufficient Persons not interested therein, and afterwards to sell the same, and therewith to satisfy as well the Rates and Duties (o aegle&ed and refused to be paid, as the reasonable Charges in seizing, keeping, appraising and felling such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or her Tackle, Apparel or Furniture, or such Part thereof as shall have been seized and detained as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus if any, on Demand, to the Master, Commander or Owner or Owners of such Ship, Vessel or Boat.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Commander or other Person or Persons having the Charge or Command of any Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall elude or evade the Payment of the Rates and Duties hereby granted, or airy Part thereof, each and every Person so eluding or evading such Payment, and every Owner or

A.D. 1f 14.

54° GEO. III.

such Ship, Vessel, or Boat who, upon Demand made, shall refnfie pr delay to make Payment of such Rates or Duties so eluded or evacted,

/hall Hand charged with, and forfeit a Sum equal to Double the Rates Penalty, and Duties so eluded or evacted, and such Sum shall and may be recovered with Double Costs of Suit, by all means and remedies by which any Sum or Sums of Money to the same Amount may by Law for the time f be sued for and recovered; and such Ship, Vessel or f £/* Boat, wherever found, may be seized and detained until Payment shall be made of Double the Rates and Duties so eluded or evacted, and such Colls of Suit; and upon Notice thereof, it shall not be lawful for any Collector or other Officer of tjis Majesty's Customs, to permit or allow such Ship or Vessel to be entered Inwards or Outwards at any Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be, unless or until Double the Amount of such Rates and Duties, with such Colls of Suit, shall have been satisfied and paid, and a Certificate of such Payment under the Hand of the Person authorized to receive the same, shall have been produced to such Collector or Officer of the Culloms.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Tonnage and Adraea- Tonnage how furement of all Ships or Vessels required to be registered bypny Ad Pertained, or Acts of Parliament of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* which shall resort to, enter or use any of the said Harbours, or Works conne&ed therewith, shall be ascertained according to the certified Tonnage in the Ship's Register; and the Mailer, or other Person having the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, is hereby required to produce the Certificate of Registry when demanded, to the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Rates or Duties; or in case of any Dispute in or about or concerning the same, or in case of any Dispute in respect of the Tonnage of any Ship, Vessel or Boat not required to be registered, or of any Foreign Ship or Vessel, then the Tonnage of any such Ship or Vessel shall be ascertained in the manner and according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Twenty m Car.*, c, tS. sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for RstetsltereA the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates and Duties, and again to raise the same to such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before mentioned*

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor, Rates leased. Deputy Governor and Directors, to let to farm ail or any of the Rates or Duties hereby granted, to any Person or Persons, for any Term they shall think proper, not exceeding Three Years from the Commencement of any such Lease.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Rates and Duties hereby granted Application of shall be applied in Re-imbuHement to the said Society, o1 the Ex- Raies* pence# incurred io the passing of this Act, in paying to the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Wick such Sum or Sums of Money as may be agreed upon by and between the said Governor,

Deputy Governor and Directors, and the said Magistrates and Town Council, to be paid to the latter on any Account for or in respect of the said Harbour of Pulteney Town, also in maintaining ana repairing or improving the said Harbour of Pulteney Town, and the

3Y4

Works

C

JOfit C. ckc'u 54* OBOtflL A.D. 1814.

> 1 Works counted therevrithfMdJn^ tawing and repairing or Improving the &id other Hirbofart at Tobtrm»ry\ LMbaj add URaftoU - and the Works connected therewith; and iir paying the Persons employed in and* about the (Same, and ip coUeding the said Rates and Duties. t-

Vefltls rt-

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor, Deputy

mor«d from oat Governor and Diredort, or the Person or Personsrappointed by them Birth tu another* in that behalf, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, when and so often as it shall be found necessary, to remove, or cause to be removed, any Ship* Vessel or Boat, lying ia any of the said Harbours, or Works oonneded therewith, from the Birth or Lying-place at which any Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall happen to be stationed or moored at the Time, to any other Birth or Lying* place, as they shall think proper; and in case*the M after* Mate or other Person having or taking the Command or Charge of any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall after Notice given to hkm m Writing, or left in Writing on board the Ship, Vessel or Boat, intended? to be removed, shall neglect or refuse to remove or cafttfe to he removed, during the first High Water or Tide after such Notice, the said Ship, Vessel or Boat, from her laid Birth or Lying-place, to loch other Birth, Lying-place or Mooring-place, as shall be appointed by the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Dsre&ors, or the Person or Persons appointed by them in that behalf, then the said/ Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, or such Person tjr Perfear shall have Power, and they are hereby empowered, after such NerM or Refusal to remove or cause to be removed, such Ship, VdEd or Boat, from her then Birth or Lying or Mooring-place, to such other Birth or Mooring-place as the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, or fuen Person or Persons shall think proper and the Owner or Owners, or the Master of such Ship, Vessel or Bart 6> removed as aforesaid, shall pay to the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, or such Person or Persons so to be appointed by them, all such Costs and Charges as shall be reasonably expended m runow- ing such Ship, Vessel or Boat, to be recovered in the same way and

manner that the Rates and Duties hereby granted may be recovered and every Person who shall hinder or obstruct the Removal of any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, a Sum not ex-pemlty. ceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the wanner in which the Rates and Duties hereby granted may be recovered and applied.

Gorsmar, &c.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful «n*y mike for the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, to make Rules and Re- Rules and Regulations relative to the Piloting, Entrance and De-guutions. oarture of Ships, Vessela or Boats, to and from any of the said Harbours, or Works connected therewith, the Places and Manner of their being moored therein, the loading and unloading thereof, the preventing Ballad from being thrown into any of the said Harbours, the causing it to be removed when deposited on any Part of the Shore, and relative to every other Matter or Thing touching the said Harbours, or any of them, or the Works connected therewith j an^ to enforce such Rules and Regulations by moderate Fines and feniltie* Penalties, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied as the Rates and Duties granted by this

Ad

C. ctcl

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

1065

Act may be recovered tad applied: Provided always, that such Proviso for Rules and ReguhAms be connftent with the Laws of Scotland, and of ScoU the Provifktos of this A A, and that the same be printed, affixed "nd' and continued 00 some conspicuous Place upon the Pier of the Harbour to which they relate, lo that all Persons required to conform thereto, may fee and observe the same.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Mailer or Owner of every Matter* and

Ship or Vessel resorting to, entering or using any of the said Har- Owner* of bours, or the Works connected therewith, shall be and is hereby made I)

answerable for the Amount of any Damage or Mischief which shall be

done by him, or by such Ship or Vessel, or by any of the Mariners,

Boatmen, Servants or others on board the same, or employed by such Matter or Owner, to any of the Works, or any Part of any of the said Harbours, with full Coils of Suit, to be recovered as the said Rates and Duties may be recovered by virtue of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Governor, Deputy Governor and DireAors, or any Person by them appointed, to detain such Ship or Vessel until sufficient Security be granted for Payment for the same.

XV. And be it enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking Appeal, ^htmftlf, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment,

made qr given in pursuance of any Rule or Regulation of the said Governor, Deputy Governor or DireAors, or by any Order, Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices or the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, may, within Three Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgment or Determination shall have been given (first giving Twenty Notice, one Days' Notice of such Complaint to the Person or Persons agamtt whom such Complaint is intended to be made), complaiu to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Session9 to be held in and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, who shall in a summary way either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace-to be held for such County; and the said Justices may, if they fee cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Regulation or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable; but no Proceedings had and taken in Want of Form, pursuance of this A A shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Advocation, or by any other Process whatsoever, or flayed by Suspension or Reduction; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted, That Once in every Year, from and Proceeding after the passing of this Act, the said Governor, Deputy Governor re^)rted °nce and DireAors, shall report their Proceedings under this A A, in*' Writing, together with such Observations as they shall think proper,

under the Hand of the Governor or Deputy Governor, and the Seal of the said Society, to both Houses of Parliament.

[Public Act.]

XVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially

Cap.

such by pleaded.

C- cicii — cxcvii.

A.D. 1814.

1066

18 0.3. c. 79.

37 G. 3. a 41. vepealed.

S9 G. 1. c. 87.

8 G. 3. c. 63. xi G. 3. c. 62. 13 G. 3. c. 104. 04 G.3. Seir. a. c-59* 27 G. 3.

3 G 3. (I )

c. 17.

34 G. 3. (I )

c. 33. § a.

54'CEO'IH.

Cap. cxcii.

An Act to enable Edward Mason of Edgehtll, in the Pferish of

Walton, in the County of Laneasier, Esquire, to appoint a Curate to the new Church or Chapel of Edgehtll, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[14th «/»(f 1814.]

Cap. cxciii.

An Act for better paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Northampton; and for taking down, widening and rc« building the Bridge over the River Nine or Nen, at the South Entrance of the said Town, and improving the Avenues to the said Bridge.

[14th July 1814.]

[This A3 to continue (as to Tolls) from the Second Monday after passing, for 21 Years,

Cap. cxciv.

An Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Amu Limehouse, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending an Act of King George the Second, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Paving, and other Purposes relating to the said Parish.

[14th July 1814.]

Cap. cxcv.

An Act to enlarge, alter and amend the Powers of the several Acts for making and maintaining the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

[14th July 1814.]

Cc. 10.55. 30 G. 3. c. 73. 39 G. 3. c.Uxi. 46 G. 3. c. cxs.

Cap. cxevi.

An Act to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge of Commercial Im* provements within the City and Port of Cork, in Ireland.

[14th July 1814.]

Cap. cxcvii.

An Act to regulate the Price, Assize and Weight of Bread, and to provide for the due making thereof, within the City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties of the same.

[14th July 1814O

WHEREAS an Act was made, in the Parliament of Ireland*

in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

*intituled An Act for continuing and amending certain temporary

4 Statutes heretofore made for the better Regulation of the City of Cork; and for enlarging the Salary of the Treasurer; and for the better regulating the Sale of Coals in the said City; and for eredsng and continuing Lamps in the same; and for the better preferring the Streets and Highways therein; and for confirming and ejlabifhiing

a Court of Cotiscience ifi the said City; and for regulating the Afiive of Bread therein; am} for ftearing the Quays by Parapet Walls; 4 which said Act was made perpetual by another Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for reviving and comtinuui certain temporary Statutes: And Whereas another Act was paflei

C. c«cy«.

A<Di 1S14*

54° GEO. JH.

1067

in the ParUanrfnt of Ireland, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for altering and amending fevered Statutet heretofore made for the better Regulation of the City o/*Cork 5

and for regulating Truds by Juries in the Court of Record of the said City; and for establishing Market Juries in the said City; and for making wide and convenient IVays. Streets and Passages in the said City and Suburbs thereof; and for preventing Frauds committed by the Bakers and Meal Makers of the said City: And Whereas the said several Acts, so far as the same relate to the Regulation of the Baking Trade in the said City of Cork, have been found insufficient for that Purpose, and it is -therefore expedient that such Parts thereof should he repealed, and that more effectual Provisions should be made m lieu thereof 5* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Att, so much of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as regulates the Assize of Bread in the City of Cork, and so much of the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty as makes the same perpetual, and also so much of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty as relates to the Prevention of Frauds committed by the Bakers and Meal Makers of the said City, shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enactrd, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, each and every Merchant, Flour Factor, Corn Factor and other Person and Persons, who shall import any Wheat, or Wheaten Meal or Flour of Wheat, into the Port of Cork, or to whom any Wheat Meal or Flour shall be consigned or sent, shall and are hereby respectively required, on the Friday in each and every Week, to give or cause to be given to the Mayor of the City of Cork for the time being, on Oath, or (if Quakers) on Affirmation, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer,) an Account in Writing of the fespective Quantities of Wheat, Wheaten Meal and Flour of Wheat, distiuguiffiing the different Species of Flour by them fold respectively, during the Seven Days immediately preceding such Friday, and at what Prices respectively, and the Average Price of the lame, with the Names and Occupations of the respective Buyers and Purchasers thereof; and to all such Accounts so given or rendered, Persons so giving or rendering the same shall and they are hereby respectively required to iign their respective Christian and Surnames thereto, and shall in all such Accounts specify the time of making the same 5 and all such Accounts or Returns shall every Week be duly entered in a Book to be kept by or under the Direction of the said Mayor for that Purpose, in order the more effectually to ascertain the Middle Price of Wheat and Flour, for settling the Assize of Bread Weekly', according to the Provisions of this Act; and in case the said Mayor shall suspect the Truth or Accuracy of such Accounts or Returns, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor to summon any Person or Person3, the Truth or Accuracy of whose Account or Accounts, Return or Returns shall be so suspected, to

attend

5 O. 3. (L>

c. z*

iepe; l"d, To fir as relates to Baking Trade in Cork.

Importers, Sec of Corn and Flour to make Weekly Returns to

Mayor of Cork of Corn and I'lour fold.

C. cxcxii.

54 GEO. 1H.

A.D. 1E14,

[Penalty.]

CUrki of Market*) &e. to certify to Mayor.

Bakerfcitty appoint Clerk to

superintewl

Returns, &c.

Clerks making falie Retutto, ltc«>

[Penalty.]

Flour Favors, See. to take Oath of Truth of Returns.

attend before Urn, and to examine such Person or Fwrfont touching the Troth of such Account or Accounts, Rettarn or Returns on Oath, or being of the People called Quakers, on Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation the said Major is hereby empowered to administer or take: And in case any such Person or Persons shall give or make, or cause to be given or made any false Account or Accounts, Return or Returns, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give or make, or cause to be given or made, any such Account or Accounts, Return or Returns, as is required by this Act, then and in every such case every such Person so offending therein, and being css* victed thereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay say Sum not exceeding Five Pounds*

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and aftey the Commencement of this Act, the Clerk of the respective Markets withis the said City and the Suburbs and Liberties, thereof, or such other Person or Persons as shall be authorized or appointed for that Purpose by the Mayor of the said City for the time being, shall, on the Friday in each and every Week, return and certify to the May or of the said City, upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmapon the said Mayor is hereby empowered and required to administerl, the Quantity of Wheat, Wheaten Meal and Flour of Wheat, fold 6a each Market Day in the said respective Markets or other Places of Sale, and the respective Prices for which the same have bora fob!; and in such Certificate shall be expressed the different Sort of Med and Flour, whether Firfts, Seconds or Thirds, and the Prices for which the same have been respectively fold; and the said Mayor of the said City shall from time to time cause Entries to be node of such Returns, in a Book or Books to be kept by him or under his Direction for that Purpose, and to which all Persons at reasonable Hours may have recourse, without paying any Fee or Reward for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Bakers within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties of the same, to appoint and keep, at their own Expence, during Pleasure, a fit and proper Person as Clerk, to superintend the Returns of Receipts and Sales of all Wheat and Flour required to be returned by this Aand the (biking of the Assize and Price of Bread; such Person so appointed to be approved of by the Mayor of the said City for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of any of the said Markets respectively, or other Person who shall be legally authorised to make any Return or Certificate required by this Act, (haD refuse or wilfully neglect or omit to make any such Return or Certificate, or shall knowingly make any false Return or Certificate, then and ia every such case every such Person so offending shall, upon Convictiqa thereof, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeds ing Ten Pounds, and shall be for ever disqualified from holding fad) Office.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Merchant, Flour Factor, Miller and Corn Factor, Clerk or other Person, from whom any such Account or Return of Wheat, Wheaten Meal and Floor of Wheat, is by this Act required and directed to be delivered to the Mayor of the said City, mall within One Calendar Month next

after

C. cxcvii.

1069

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

after the Commencement of this Act, or before the making and giving of such Account or Return, take the following Oatn, or (being of the People called Quakers) make Affirmation as herein* after mentioned; that is to say,

T A. fi. do swear [or affirm], That the Accounts which I shall Oath.

hereafter deliver or cause to be delivered to the Mayor of the

4 City of Cork, of and concerning the Quantities and Prices of Wheat, Wheaten Meal and Flour of Wheat, which henceforward

shall be by or for me fold, [or, for and on Account of my Employer or Employers] shall, to the bed of my Knowledge or Belief,

contain the whole Quantity, and no more, of the Wheat, Wheaten

Meal and Flour of Wheat, bona fide sold by or for me [or, for him, her or them, as the case may be! within the Period to which such Accounts shall respectively refer, with the Names and Occupations of the Buyers, and with the Prices thereof respectively,

and shall be to the bed of my Judgment conformable in all other

respects to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of an Act

paned in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled {here set forth the Title of this Act]* t

Which Oath or Affirmation the Mayor of the said City of Cork fov Certificate of t^e time being is hereby empowered and required to admioider, and registerW. to giant a Certificate thereof to be registered in the Town Clerk's Office of the faijd City; and, from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Person shall carry on the Trade and Bufinefsof a Flour Factor, Miller or Corn Factor within the said City or County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties of the same, or (Jiall make or give any such Account, or Accounts, Return or Returns of Wheat, Wheaten Meal or Flour of Wheat as aforesaid* without having taken the said Oath or making such Affirmation and Register o? the same as aforesaid, in conformity to the Directiooft and Providons in this Act contained; and if any Person shall carry MUdagJtaium on such Trade or Business, or shall make or give any such Return wHboiu hatiaf -or Account without having Oaken such Oath or made such Affirm* xa^un ation and Register as aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the pemky.

Sum of Ten Pounds, together with full Coils of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, by Action of Debt or on the Cate, or by Bill,

Plaint or Information, wherein no EiToin, Protection or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Collector of the Customs CoBaftor of in the Port of Cork, shall and he is hereby required, on the Monday Fort to

in each and every Week, to return to the Mayor of the said City of Cork an Account of the Quantity of Wheat, Wheaten Meal and

Flour of Wheat, imported in the Week immediately preceding such Return into the Port of Cork, with the Names of the respective Persons importing the same; and in case such Collector shall refuse pr neglect to make such Return as aforesaid, at the time or in manner aforesaid, or shall wilfully make any false or inaccurate Return, then and in every such case the said Collector shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor of the said Mayor to ctofr City for the time being shall cause Entries of all such Returns, and middle Price of

also

1070

Wheat and Flour to he entered in a Book

Bushel and Quarter of Corn: and

Hundred Weight; nd Sack of Flour, by Avoirdupois Weight.

Bread weighed T>y Pound and Ounce Avoirdupois.

Bakers to make and deliver Account of Meal and Flour bought.

C. occviL GEO. III. A.D. 1S14.

also of the middle Price of Wheat, Wheaten Meal and Flour of Wheat, having rei'peA not only to the Price of all Wheat, Wheatea Meal and Flour of Wheat, fold in the said Markets, but also of all Wheat, Wheaten Meal and Flour of Wheat, sold by the Merchant, Factor or other Person importing the same, or to whom the same shall be sent or consigned, to be made weekly in a Book or Books to be kept at the Market House for the said City of Cork* or such other Place as the said Mayor shall appoint for that Purpose; and to all such Books all Persons at reasonable Hours may have recourse, without paying any Fee or Reward for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, for all the Purposes of this Act, Fourteen Pounds Avoirdupois Weight shall be deemed*and taken to be One Stone 5 and Four Stones or Fifty six Pounds Avoirdupois Weight of Corn or Flour, shall be deemed and taken to

be One Bushel 5 and Eight such Bushels weighing Thirty two Stones or Four hundred' and forty eight Pounds Avoirdupois Weight, shall be deemed and taken to be Oue Quarter of Corn; and Eight Stones or One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois Weight of Meal or Flour, shall be deemed and taken to be One Hundred Weight; and Twenty Stones or Two hundred and eighty Pounds Avoirdupois Weight, being Two Hundred Weight and a Half, of Meal or Flour,

shall be deemed and taken to be One Sack of Five Bushels; and Twenty Hundred Weight shall be deemed and taken to be One Ton:

And that in all Returns to be made pursuant to the Duv&ons of this Act, the Quantities of Corn and Grain shall be computed according to such Quarter of Eight Bndiels, weighing Thirty two Stones, or Four hundred and forty eight Pounds, being equal to Four Hundred Weight Avoirdupois Weight; and the Quantities of Meal tad Flour shall be computed by such Hundred Weight, containing Eight Stones or One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois Weight, or by such Sack containing Twenty Stones or Two hundred and dghty Pounds, being equal to Two hundred Weight and a Half Avoirdupois Weight as aforesaid: And that the Amze and Weight of all Bread to be sold or exposed to Sale, by any Baker or other Person whatsoever under this Act, shall be set and regulated according to the Directions herein after contained, by the Pound and Ounct Avoirdupois Weight, and not by Troy Weight.

X. And be it further enacted, That each and every Baker and other Person making Bread for Sale within the said City and County of the City of Cent, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall and he is hereby required to prepare and deliver, or cause to be prepared and delivered, on every Friday in each and every Week, at the Market House in the said City, or at such other Place as the Mayor of the said City for the time being shall appoint, to the proper Officer there, a true and particular Account in Writing under his Hand, of all such Wheaten Meal and Flour made of Wheat, as shall have been bought by or for, or received by such Baker or other Person making Bread for Sale as aforesaid, within the Term or Space of the Sera Days immediately preceding such Friday, for the Purpose of or fit for making Wheaten Bread; and every such Account so delivered shall specify particularly, and in Words at length, the Street or other Place or Places, and ftrish or Parifttes, wherein such Baker or oth6 Person making Bread for Sale as aforesaid, by or for whom foci Account shall be so delivered, shall then dwell and carry on his or her

Bulled*

Ci occvil.

4, 0.1814. CfEO.IIL

1071

Bofiness, sod the Names of the tespective Setters of fdch Meet and Flour, and the respective Quantities and Sorts thereof, and the several and respectite Prices at which the same shall have been really and truly fold 5 and every such Account shall be in the Form following $ that is to say.

An ACCOUNT of the Meal and Flour bought by yf. B. of in the

4 Parish of within the City and County of the City of Cork, or the

4 Liberties and Suburbs thereof, from Friday the Day

4 of to Thursday the Day of

in ^he Year both inclusive; for the Purpose of

4 or fit for making Wheaten or Household Bread.'

v-

8 £2

Sellers*

Names.

14 £ r8 s

Number of Hundred Weights.

Sorts of Meal and

Flour.

To wh.it Purpose s applicable.

t

Urn

!l

8

3

o o

H4

And every such Account so hereby required to he delivered by each Time of delieer-and every such Baker or other Person making Bread for Sale within "ig Account, the said City and County of the City of Cork\ and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall be so as aforesaid prepared and delivered at such House or Place before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock at Noon, on the Friday whereon the same is by this Act required to be delivered*

XI. And be it further enacted, That, for enabling and compelling Clerks of Mar. the said Bakers and other Persons making Bread for Sale, to prepare provide such left mentioned Weekly Accounts more accurately, there shall be Axrount^Tnd^ from time to time provided, by some proper Officer to be appointed no used, by the Mayor of the find City of Cork for the time being, and kept &c. at the said Market House in the said City of Cork7 or other Place to be appointed by the Mayor of the said City for the time being, a sufficient Number of printed Forms of such Accounts, with Blanks ready to be filled up, similar to the Form hereinbefore prescribed for the same Weekly Accounts; and all such Bakers and other Persons £rom whom such Weekly Accounts as last mentioned are hereby required, shall at all proper and seasonable times, on Application at the Uud House or Place, be supplied with such and fb many of the said

printed

Accounts how marked.

Bakers not purchasing Meal or Flour within preceding Seven Days, to deliver in Account accordingly.

Sellers of Flour to deliver Accounts to Bakers on Sale of Flour.

C.eaor ii. 54J GEO. III.

printed Forms at they rf^ed»nelf in^ stand in need ofi eafefggfog*

reasonable Price 6m t^e same, not^jlcetding the Rale of Xtf r Sril bogt/rr HundredfinnA foeh grilled Forms so to be provided and obtained as Ja& meoridfcedr ^bailvaknrJK^dnitftdri Iqr^nveefhM, Baker and other Person for; every such Weekly Account* and j

every such last mentioned Account shall he marked and di&inguished

by such particular Letter and Number, to be printed nr Vmttepjt I the Top -of every such Weekly Account to be delivered by every'fitch Baker or other Person, as the ibid Officer for the tune being#' the said Hotafe or Place shall mention and directthrft behalf, aadfe ' as that; inch Accounts may be distinguished not only byth* proper Names of the Bakers or other Person s who.&aJJ tevetpttpygBd the same, but also by particular Letters and N#Ti&£r*fe Ut

them respectively; and so as that each Weekly Account of J3ee*| such Bakers or other Persons may be marked And Irnsigi HycA i*ju»4 the Weekly Account of another oy A 2, and the Weekly: A^OOunt^of a Third by A 3, and so on in a regular progressiyt S$a^, afNuriWn up to A 10a; beyond which B iy B ti, R j, ft ruffm ire tit V uftd for the like Purposes up to B ioo» arid soon in UkeitiaMPr alphabetically throughout the whole Alphabet, if need be 1 cScV LnttsaJmipg used for One hundred Persons only* And that jointly with-lhas^ett from Nuator 1 to Number iqq inclufivtu r

XII. And* for the preventing the unnecessory fuimunop# of Bakers in the case next herein after mentioned* tail farther-anriUd,

That when any Baker or other Person* from whom any WnsUy Account or Accounts of the Meal and Flour to bethought by him or her* is or -are hereby required* shall pot for the Tcnurpr Ofsne of ScvenDayt immediately precedipgiuiy Friday have houghs my Meal or Flour for the Purpose of or fit for making Whcateor Bread* tfagpt and in every such cam every such Baker of other Pepfopi bath* during such Seven Day's* bought any such Meal or Brine for thfcpiav pofeef or fit for making Wheateu Bread* shall, and be or foe.ia Mf required* upon the said Friday ijrcraediatfly following the frriK Days* to prepare and deliver, instead of such hlrid^up Ap6cmjfc|» afore£fid*vuad at such Time and Place* is herefobefag^d^ ceming inch Weekly Account* ope of the

directed to be used for the Weekly A oooounU of such 1

Person making Bread for Sale* containing the jpgyefo \

Number at the Top thereof, and the Word ? NoptV sAlfil in Columns intkled, " Number of Sacks, " and-v.U Nptobeti#£, H*np dred Weights, " and specifying particularly, and in Words MtUntfib the Street or other Place or Places* and Parish or friiriT «hmB*d such Baker or other Person shall then dwclLapd carry OF*, b1! PWmrfa and othenwife filled up in a sufficient mapper*.and figged bf rfisftk Baker or other Person. .*nt& b.-r

XIII. And, for the better enabling the fevagal Bakers indoahrc Persons making Bread for Sale* to prepare such Accoupta of Meal and Flour as before directed* be it also eaa&ed* That at tl#Sale*or upon each and every Delivery of Whiten Meal, or Flour made of Wheat, to any Baker or other Person making Bread for Sale, within the said City and County of the City of Cori, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof the Seller of Sellers of such Mealor Floor &A and he* (he. or they is and age bqrefiy required to deliver, or caofe to be deUvexpd Wth such Meal or Ippur, a trap agd Bill of fts-

cek,

A.D. 18t4« 54WSMKIII. C. cxcviL 1073

ceb, signed by the Seller or Nb» «f such Meat or Floor, or Ins, her or their known Agent or Agents, letting forth the Names of the 9eiler or Selim, and Buyer or Beyers of the Meal or Hour lb delivered, with the real Quantities and true Prices thereof; and in such Bill of Parcels shall aho be expressed the Year, the Month, and the Day of the Month on which the lame was delivered; and if any Seller or Setters of such Meal or Floor, or of any Part thereof, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered, on the Sale or Delivery of such Meal or Floor, such true and perfect Bills of Parcels as aforesaid, drawn up in manner and signed as aforesaid, then and in everj such case every fitch Seller and Sellers of such Meal or Flour (o offending dull, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds 5 and the Penalty. Buyer or Buyers, Purchaser or Purchasers of such Meal or Flour, or"gp'lthTt

of any Part thereof, receiving or accepting the same without such Parc#

true and perfect Bill of Pticefi as aforesaid, drawn of in manner and signed is aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds. Penalty.

1 XIV. And Whereas it has frequently happened, that large

Quantities of Meal and Flour have been delivered to Buyers or

Purchasers thereof, without any Price having been fixed or agreed on

for the same at the time of such Delivery; and sometimes it has

been agreed that the Prices of Meal and Flour should, after Deli-

very thereof to the Buyer, be fixed according to the Price of Meal

or Flour in fonae future Week; and inasmuch as by such means

this Act might be evacted, or the Execution thereof rendered dif-

fictslt or imperfect; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after Fraudulent the Commencement of this Act, the Price or Prices to be paid for all Sale# Msal Meal and Flour made of Wheat, which shall be sold within the City 01 Flour and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof* shall Itt agreed on and absolutely fixed at the time of the Sale thereof respectively, and before the Delivery thereof respectively j and the Price or Prices of any such Meal or Flour as aforesaid, which fhsdl be delivered to any Buyer or Purchaser, or other Person within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall not, on any /Recount or Pretence whatsoever, be iegfekted byor made to depend on the Price or Prices at or for which Meal or Flour shall be sold at any time or times subsequent to such Delivery; and if any Person or Persons shall fell or buy, or agree to fell or buy, within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, any Meal or Flour made of Wheat, for which the Price or Prices to be paid shall not, at the time of the Sale thereof respectively, have been agreed on and absolutely fixed, or shall act in any manner contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the Provisions of this Act, for preventing such future Bargains or Agreements for the Price or Prices to be paid for any Meal or Flour of Wheat, then and in every such case each and every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Penalty. Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Baker and Baker to uke other Person making Bread for Sale within the said City and County °*h to.a^in of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall, , tT

within One Calendar Month next after the Commencement of this

54 GEO. III. 3 Z A a,

I074'

Oath.

Whj may ad-mwiitlei Oath.

Certificate ic-giUered.

Bakers carrying on IiulinelV. without taking Oath, &c

Penalty,

Bakers not making Returns, m king talfe Returns, Peace Officers neglecting Duty.

C. cxcvii. 54° GEO. III. - A.D. 1814.

Act* or before he or {lie shall begin to make Bread for Sale within the Limits aforesaid, take the following Oath (orf being of the People called Quakers, shall affirm), as herein after mentioned; that is to say,

4 J.B. do swear [or, affirm]. That the Accounts which I shall hereafter deliver, or cause to be delivered at the Market Houic

or other Place in the City of Cork, of and concerning the Med

and Flour made of Wheat, which henceforward shall be bought by or for me, shall, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, conta a

the whole Quantity, and no more, of the Meal or Flour made of Wheat, really and truly bought by or for me* or received by me,

within the Period to which such Accounts shall reflectively refer,

with the Names of the Sellers cr Per suns from whom the truer respcCfively shall be bought, and with the jutt and true Pncts thereof respectively, without nny Fraud, Covin or Collulkm, wader any Pretence whatsoever; and all such Accounts shall be to the best of my Judgment, and in conformity in all other respeCXs to the Directions of an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled C&r* ia forth the Tale of this AV. j'

Which Oath (or Affirmation) the Mayor of the said City of Cni for the time being (whether such Baker or other Person making Bread for Sale shall refine within the Jurisdiction of the said Mayer or not), or any other Tufiice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such Balier or other Person making Bread for Sale shall refioc, is hereby authorized and required to administer, upon being duly applied to for that Purpose, and to grant a Certificate thereof; ?r.J such Certificate shall be registered in the Office of the Town Clerk of the said City of Cork; and, from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Person shall carry 011 the Trade and Business of a Baker, or shall make Bread for Sale within the said City and County of the City of Cork, or the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, without taking the said Oath or Affirmation, and regHlering the same as aforesaid, in conformity to the Directions of this Act; and 'm case any Person shall carry on such Trade or Business within the aforesaid, without taking the said Oath or Affirmation, and rcrider-ing the same as aforesaid, then and in such case every such Per.c? so offending shall, for such Offence, on being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sura not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Baker or ether Person making, or who shall make Bread for Sale, within the fax! City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall in any wise neglect, omit or refuse to make, deliver or leave auy such Account or Return as is by this Act required cr directed to be made, delivered or left by him, her or them rrfpec-tively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or shall designedly or knowingly make, deliver or leave, or cause to be mad?, delivered or left, any false Account or Return filled up and <irr: d. as and for any such Account or Return as is required by this Act; or if any Constable or other Peace Officer shall refuse or neglect re obstrve or obey any Warrant in Writing which shall be delivered t»-him, under the Hand and Seal of any Magistrate or Justice of: bj Peace, or to do any other Act requisite to be done by him or ther. for carrying this Act, or any of the Powers or Authorities bere^r

C. cxcvii.

i°75

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

given, into Execution, then and in every such case, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the Penalty.

Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Baker or other Takers receiv-Person making Bread for Sale within the said City and County of >ne, ami Persons the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall at ^Teal, any time corruptly, or in order to evade this Act, have, take or re- fowniKe'ro that ceive, directly or indirectly, of or from any Person whomsoever, of true Cost shall be \Vhom he or she shall have bought or purchased, or shall intend to less than dated buy or purchase any Meal or Flour, any Allowance, Payment or Returns. Gift, in Money or otherwise, or shall practise or make use of any

Art, Covin or Device, by way of lessening the Price or Coll of such Meal or Flour, or so that the actual Colt thereof shall be thereby in reality or virtually made less than what shall in such Weekly Account as aforesaid be set forth as the real Price of the same Meal or Flour, or so that the Price set forth in such Weekly Account shall be greater or higher than the Sum actually paid for such Meal or Flour by the Purchaser thereof; then and in every such case, all and every Person and Persons so corruptly making, allowing or giving such Allowance, Payment or Gift as last mentioned, or praftiling or making use of any such Art, Covin or Device, and all and every Baker and Bakers, and other Person and Persons so having or receiving the same, or praftiling or making use of any such Art, Covin or Device, shall, for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, Penalty, nor less than Five Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Baker, Bakerstomark

and each and every Person making Bread for Sale within the City and Loaves; County of the City of Cork and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, Wnenten Bread shall from time to time cause to be fairly imprinted or marked on every n kfnd

Loaf of each respective Sort of Bread which he, (lie or they shall °U "1 make or fell, or carry out or expefe to or for Sale, the Roman

Letters herein after mentioned; that: 13 to say, upon every Loaf of

Bread which shall be made, fold or carried out, or exposed to or

for Sale as Wheaten Bread, a large Roman W> and upon every

Loaf of Bread which shall be made, fold, carried out or exposed to

Sale as Household or Brown Bread, a large Roman; and if any Selling See.

Baker or other Person shall make for Sale, or shall fell, carry out or Bread not duly

expose to or for Sale, or have in his or her Custody for Sale within the markecl*

said City and County of the City of Cork and the Suburbs and

Liberties thereof, any Loaf of any Sort of Bread allowed to be made

in pursuance of this Act, and which shall not be marked pursuant to

the Directions of this Act, so as the same may on the View thereof be

ascertained from time to time under what Denomination or Sort of

Bread every such Loaf was made, and ought to be weighed (except (Exception.)

as to Loaves which shall be rasped after the bespeaking or purchasing

thereof, by the particular Desire of any Person who shall order the same to be so ralped for his, her or their own Use or Uses), then and

in every such case such Baker and other Person so offending, shall, for every time he, she or they shall so offend in the Premises, and be thereof

convicted, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, Penalty.

3 Z 2 nor

1076

cxcvu.

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Bakers not punished for De -ficiency of Weicht, after a certain time after bakistg.

Bakett demanding higher Price than allowed,

or tefufirtg to feU.

[Penalty.]

Ma?iftrnt?s, &c. by Warrants may fcarcti Bakers' Premises for adulterated Flour, Bread, &c.; and if found, lame feiaed.

nor lese than Fife Shilling*, for every Loaf of Bread not so marked at it hereby dife&ed* 1

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Baker or other Per-ibn making or who shall make Bread for Sale, within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall be subject or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Bunishment, for or on account of any Bread which shall be found deficient in the Weight required by this Act, nor shall such Bread be subject to or liable to be seized by reason of such Deficiency of Weight, unless the Weight thereof shall be duly ascertained within Thirty fix Hours after such Bread shall have been baked.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Baker or other Person or Persons shall a(k, demand or take, for any Bread which he, she or they shall fell, or shall expose to or for Sale within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, any greater or higher Price than the Price at which it shall have been fixed or ascertained by the Mayor of the said City that such Bread shall be sold for, according to the Directions herein after contained; or if any Baker or other Person making any Bread for Sale within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall refuse or decline to fell any Loaf or Loaves of any of the Sorts of Bread, which in pursuance of this Act shall be allowed or ordered to be made, to any Person or Persons who shall tender ready Money in Payment for the same, at or for the Price at or for which such Bread, by the Assize which shall have been set in respect thereof, shall be fixed or ascertained to be sold, when any such Baker or other Person making Bread for Sale within the said Limits shall have any Loaf, of any such Bread in his House, Bakehouse, Shop or Possession, to be loid more than shall be requisite for the immediate necessary Use of his own Family or Customers (which it shall be incumbent on such Baker, or other Person who shall be complained of for refusing or declining to fell any such Bread, to prove before the Magi ft rate or Magistrates, Justice or Justicet to whom any such Complaint shall be made, if thereunto required by the Party or Parties who shall make any such Complaint), then and in every such case every Baker or other Person making Bread for Sale, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, npr less than Five Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justice or Justicei for the said City or County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs or liberties thereof, within their respective Jurisdictiona, and also to and for any One or more of the Market Jury of the said City of (Tori for the time being, at seasonable times i& the Day-time, to enter into any House, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse, Outhouse or Ground, of or belonging to any Baker or other Person, making Bread for Sale within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and to take with him or them to his or their Assistance, One or more Matter Baker or Bakers, if he or they think fit, and to feqrch and examine whether any Aina or other Ingredient shall have been mixed with or put into aot

Me

C. cxcvii.

1077

A.D. 18T4. s^GfeOitlt

Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeast or Bread, in the Posseffioir of any such Baker or other Person, whereby any such Meal, Flour,

Dough, Barm, Yeast or Bread, is or shall be in any wise adulterated 5 and also to search for Alum or any other Ingredient which may be intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration or Mixture; and if on any such Search it shall appear that any such Meal, Flour,

Dough, Barm, Yeast or Bread, so found shall have been so adulterated by the Person in whose Possession it shall then be, or any Alum or other Ingredient shall be found which shall appear to have been deposited there in order to be used in the Adulteration of Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeast or Bread, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Market Juror or Jurors, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to seize and take any Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeast dr Bread, and which shall be found in any such Search, and deemed to have been adulterated, and all Alum and other Ingredients and Mixtures which shall have been found in any such Search, and deemed to have been used, or intended to be used, in or for any such Adulteration as aforesaid; and such thereof as shall be seized by any Market Juror or Jurors shall, with ail convenient Speed, after Seizure, be carried to the Mayor of the said City, or to some Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within whose Jurisdiction the same shall have been so seized; and if the said Mayor or any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace whb shall make any such Seizure in pursuance of this Act, or to whom any Thing so seized under the Authority of this Act shall be brought, shall adjudge that any such Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm,

' Yeast or Bread so seized, shall have been adulterated by any unwholesome or improper Mixture or Ingredient put therein, or shall adjudge, that any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture so found as aforesaid, shall have been deposited or kept where so found, for the Purpose of adulterating Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeast or Bread, then and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, and lie and they is and are hereby required to dispose of the same, as he or they in his or their Discretion shall from time to time think proper.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Baker Bakers in whore and other Person making Bread for Sale within the said City and Prenaifcsany County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof hi&r«diei»ta for in whose House, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse, Outhouse, ^lic1f^P* Ground or Possession, any Alum, or other Ingredient or Mixture f^un/

shall be found, which shall, after due Examination, be adjudged by the Mayor, or any Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, to have been deposited there for the Purpose of being used in adulterating Meal, Flour, hough, Barnp, Yeast or Bread, shall, on being convicted of any such ^Offence, either by his, her or their own Confefhon, or by the Oath, or fif a Quaker) on Affirmation, of One or more credible Witness jbt Witnesses, forfeit and pay on every such Conviction, any Sum of n TVlorie^ not eideedifig Ten Pounds, nor left than Five Pounds; or Penalty, shall diid ettay fteiawftl to and for the Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates,

Imprisonment.

Offender's Name, &c. published in Cork Newspaper.

OMlrii£ling, &c. Seizure of Flour, &c. or Ingredients to adulterate.

Penalty,

54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be apprehended, and committed to the Gaol or House of Correction of or in the said City of Cork, there to remain and be kept to Hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month from the time of such Commitment, as such Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall think lit and order, unless the Party or Parties charged with any such Offence or Offences, shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice and Justices, who shall find and seize any such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture, or before whom the same shall be brought, that such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture, was not or were not brought or lodged where the same was or were found or seized, with any Design or Intent to have been put into any Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeast or Bread, or to have adulterated therewith the Purity of any Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeast or Bread, but that the same was or were deposited in the Place or Places in which the same shall be so found or seized as aforesaid for some other lawful Purpose; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, and he and they is and are hereby required, to cause the Name or Names of the Offender or Offenders, and the Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, and Addition or Additions, together with the Nature of his, her or their Offence or Offences, to be published in some Newspaper or Newspapers printed or published in the said City of Cork; and the Proprietor and Proprietors, Printer and Printers, and every other Person and Persons concerned therein, arr hereby authorized to print and publish the same, when he, she or they is or are required so to do, by or by the Order of such Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices 5 and he, (he and they is and are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Prosecutions for printing and publishing the same, orcaufing the same to be printed and published in such Newspaper or Newspapers, by or from any Person or Persons whomsoever; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and the Costs and Charges of such printing and publishing shall be paid out of such last mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture, if any such shall be so forfeited and paid or recovered.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any such Search as herein is authorized to be made, or the Seizure of any Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeast or Bread, or any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture, which shall be found on any such Search, and deemed to have been lodged with an Intent to adulterate the Purity or Wholesomeness of any Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeast or Bread, or shall oppose or refill any such Search being made, or the carrying away any such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture as aforesaid, or any Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeast or Bread, which shall be seized as being adulterated, or as not being made pursuant to this Act, then and in every such case, he, she or they so wilfully obstructing or hindering any such Search of Seizure, or the carrying away of any such Alum or other Ingredient or -Mixture as afore&d, (nail, for every such Offetfce, on being convicted thereof forfeit and pay any Sum not

C. cxcvii.

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

107?

exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, as the Mayor,

Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before -whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Baker 4>r Baker making it other Person making Bread for Sale, within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall at ConvIded, Vaa any time make Complaint to the Mayor of the said City, or to any ocofioned by Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justice or Justices of the Peace within wiltul Default of his or their Jurisdictions, and make appear to him or them, by the Apprentice, fee. Oath of any credible Witness, that any Offence which' any such Baker or other Person making Bread for Sale shall have beeu charged tice, Ac. to make with, or for which he or she shall have incurred and paid any Penalty Recommence, under this Act, shall have been occasioned by or through tive wilful Act, Neglect or Default of any Apprentice, Journey man or other Servant employed by or under such Baker or other Person so making Complaint, then and in every such case such Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, may and is or are hereby required to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hand and Seal, or respective Hands and Seals, for bringing such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant before such Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace acting in and for the City, County or Place where the Offender can be found, and upon such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant being the re-upon apprehended and brought before any such Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within their respective Jurisdictions, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to examine into the Matter of such Complaints, and on due Proof thereof upon Oath, or (if a Quaker) upon Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation such Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates,

Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer or take), to the Satisfaction of the Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, by an Order under Ins or their respective Hand or Hands to adjudge and order what reatollable Sum of Money shall be paid by such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant, to his Master or Mistress, as or by way of Recompence to him or her for the Money he or (lie shall have paid by reason of the wilful Act, Neglect or Default of such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant; and if any such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant shall Apprentice.Ac. neglect or refuse on his Conviction, to make immediate Payment of negletfine,c. the Sum of Money which such Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates, to^Money. Justice or Justices, shall order to be paid by him orher, by reafou of such his or her wilful Neglect or Default, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within their respective Jurisdictions, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to cause such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant to be apprehended, and committed to the House of Correction, or same other Prison of the said City of Cork, or of the City, County or Place in which such Apprentice,

Journeyman or Servant shall be apprehended or convicted, to be there

kept to Hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Imprisonment.

Month from the time of such Commitment as to such Mayor,

Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall seem reasonable, unless Payment shall be made of the Money £0 ordered to be paid

3 Z 4

after

SV GEO. III.

AJ). 1R14.

Magistrate not to dispose of; , Bread until Thirty fix Hour* after Seixure.

Buyer* and SeU lera of Wheat and Flour to disclose reel Prices to Mayor*

Refuting to dii-doCe.

after such Commitment, and before the Expired01 of the find Term of Three Calendar Mop tbs.

XXV. And be it/farther enssted, That it shall not be lawful for the Mayor* or any Magistrate, pr Justice of the Peace who dull fdze any Bread, or to whom any Bread shall be brought hiring been seized, in pursuance of any of the Powers or Prorifious in this Act contained, to dispose of the same for at least Thirty fix Hours after the Seizure thereof, in order that the Baker or Person from whom the said Bread shall hare been seized, may hare an Opportunity to hare the same weighed and examined in the Prefenoe of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to the end that the Person from whom the said Bread has been seized maybe enabled thereby to prow (if the case should be so) that such Seizure was occasioned by or through the wilfal Act, Neglect or Default, of his or her Apprentice,

Journeyman or Serrant employed by him or her.

XXVI. And be it farther enacted, That each and every Buyer and Purchaser, and each and every Seller of or Dealer in Wheat or Mai, or Flour made of Wh»t, within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall and is hereby required, on reasonable Request to him or her made by the Mayor of the said City, to return and certify, as is hereby directed, the Quanta ties and Prices of Wheat or of Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Whose, and to disclose and make known to the Mayor, requeuing the same, the true and real Prices at or for which any Quantity or Quantities, and Sort or Sorts of Wheat, or of Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat, which shall have been bought or sold within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, at any time or times within the Space of Twenty one Days then last pict, by or for such Buyer or Purchaser, or Seiler of or Dealer in Wheat, or Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat, shall hate beep actually and Bona side bought or sold with all the fcvexal Quantities and Sorts thereof, and the several Purposes for which the lame shall have been bought respectively, together with the Occupations of, the Buyers and rurchafers thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Buyer or Purchaser, or Seller of or Dealer in Wheat or Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat, within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, on reasonable Request to him or her made as aforesaid by the Mayor of the said City, shaft refafe to disclose or make known to the Mayor of the said City, m his Request, the true and real Prices at or for which any Quaatitiw and Sorts of Wheat, or Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat, which shall have been bought or sold within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, at any tine or times within the Space of Twenty one Days lift pad, by or for such Buyer or Purchaser, or Seller of or Dealer in Wheat or Wheatea Meal or Flour made of Wheat, shall have been actually and kma side bought or sold, with all the several Quantities and Sorts thereof, and the several apparent Purposes for which the same shall have been bought respectively, or shall knowingly give or deliver in to the Mayor of the said City, any false or untrue Price or Prices of any Wheat, or of any Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat, bought or sold, or agreed so to be, or shall knowingly give any untrue Account of the Quantity or Quantities, or Sort or Sorts of such Wheat, or Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat, or of the Purgofc or

Pmposes

A.D. 1814.

54a gbo. m:

C. cxcvi'u

1081

Purposes fot which the Tamerefpe&iVel/ fe^ll have fesen boi^ghty then and in every sech case* he, she and theyyfo offending, Audi, /or.v, evtfiy such Offence, on being convicted thereof, forfeit pay any Penalty.^--Sum 'ttbfc etfcee&rig Twenty Potinds, as the l|rl agistrate>r Mai '

Justice orj unices, before whom any such Offepderoy Offend shall be cbrm&ed, shall order and adjudge. V... p a

And be it further enacted, That it shall and may- -br Mayor empour-klWftl so hnjl for the Mayor of the said City of Gorki from time to er.ed 10 ard#f tbbetodttfcr knd direct every or any Baker or other Person mating -Bread' for Safci within the said City and County of the Qty of CorL, pjour to be^and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, or to whogp or at whole duced byBaktrt. House or Shop any such Bill or Bills of Parcels as herein is mentioned of Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat, shall have been a&ualty1 delivered pursuant to this Act, at any seasonable time or times within the Space of Twenty one Days next after such Delivery, .., to produce or cause to be produced such Bill of Parcels to the said Mayor of the said City; and in every such case every such Baker and other Person making Bread for Sale, to or for whom such Order '

shall be given or left, or his' Servants or Agents, shall produce or cause to be produced such Bill or Bills of Pareels, pursuant to such Order and the true Meaning of this Act; and if any such Baker or other Person making Bread for Sale, shall not within the Space of Seven Days after such Order shall have been so given to or left for him or her, produce or cause to be produced such Bill or Bills of Parcels accordingly, then and in every such case every such Baker and other Person making Bread for Sale, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum Penalty, not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further envied. That if the Mayor of the said In case Mayor City of Cork shall at any time within the Space of Seven Days after suspeO, that Re-any such Returri or Account as aforesaid of Wheat or Wheaten lur"ntduly Meal or Flour shall have been made, shall believe or suspect that the fammonVrf>ns same was not truly and bona fide made, then and in every such case it to be examined shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor of the said Cky, to as Wictefo*..: summon before him any Person or Persons rending in the said City and County of the City of Corl % and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, who shall have bought or sold, or who there shall be reason to believe has or have bought or sold, or agreed to buy or fell any Wheat or Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat within the said City and County of the City of Cori9 and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, or who shall be thought proper to give any Information concerning the Premises, and to examine such Person or Persons respectively upon Oath, or (if a Quaker or Quakers) upon Affirmation, touching the Rates and Prices which the several Quantities and Softs of Wheat and Wheaten Meal and Flour made of Wheat, or any of them, were then really and bonafide fold for or bought at, or agreed so to be by him, her or them respectively, or by any other Person or Persons at any time or times within the Space of Seven Days preceding the summoning of the Person or Persons so summoned respectively 5 and if Refusing, be.» any Person or Persons who shall be so summoned as aforesaid, shall appear. neglect or refuse to appear on such Summons (and Proof shall be made on Oath or Affirmation that such Summons was duly served upon him, her or them for that Purpose); or if any Person or Persons so summoned shall appear and neele& or refuse to answer on Oath, or (if a Quaker) on Affirmation, such lawful Questions touching the

C. cxcvii.

A.D. 1814.

[Penalty.]

1

M*yor to set Attize of Bread week!*/.

AiTue and Price of Bread set according to Table annexed.

Assize of One Penny, Two Penny and Three Penny Loaves.

54° GEO. III.

Premises as shall be proposed to him, her or them by the said Mayor of the said City, without some just or reaiouable Excuse to be allowed of by the said Mayor, then and in every such case, he, she or they to offending, on being convicted of any such Offence, either by the Oath or (if a Quaker) on Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his, her or their own Coiiftiuon before the said Mayor of the said City, shall, on every such Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the said Mayor shall think lit and order.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That weekly, on every SaiurJau the Assize and Weight of all Bread to be made of the Flour or Meal of Wheat, and fold or exposed to Sale by any Person or Periods within the said City and County of the City of Cork and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and the Prices to be paid for the same reipea. ively, shall from time to time be set by the Mayor of the said City for the time being, from or according to what shall appear by means of the Accounts and Returns hereinbefore mentioned, to be the then Average Price of Wheat, or from or according to what shall io appear to be the then Average Price of all Kinds of Flour fit for the making of Wheaten Bread, taken together and brought to the Market of Cork9 and sold to Bakers or other Persons making Bread for Sale, as near as possible according to the Table annexed to this present Act; and that the Assizes of Bread which shall be so respectively set, shall take place upon and from the Monday next ensuing, and be in force for the said City and County of the City of Cert, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, until a new or other Assize of Bread shall be set by the said Mayor 5 and that after the fixing or setting of every such Assize of Bread by the said Mayor, the Assize so from time to time fixed or set, shall with all convenient Speed after the fixing or setting thereof, be made public in such manner as the said Mayor shall order or direct.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from time to time, when and so often as the said Mayor shall set the Assize of Bread in Execution of this Act, the Assize and Weight of the Bread to which such Assize shall relate, and the Prices to be paid for the same respectively, shall be set and ascertained according to the Table annexed to this Act, and according as the Price of the Quarter and Bushel of Wheat, or the Price of the Hundred Weight and Sack of Flour may be: Provided also, that in fixing and ascertaining the same, the said Mayor shall duly observe the Proportions contained is the Table hereunto annexed, as near as can be, whatever the Pricexf Corn or Flour may be.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor flail from time to time have Power, and he is hereby required to strike the Assize of Bread made under this Act, when such Bread shall not weigh One Eighth Part of a Peck Loaf (being One Penny, Two Penny and Three Penny Loaves), the Weight whereof is to be respectively ascertained according to the Table hereunto annexed, respect being had to the Prices of Wheat or Flour as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And Whereas in fixing or setting the Assize of Bread ( in conformity to the Directions of this Act, it may frequently bap*

pen that the Average Price of Wheat or of Flour may not agree with any of the Prices specified in the Table affixed to this A

' from which the Assize of Bread is directed to be set, and the ABn

must then be fixed or set from the Price in the said Table nearest u

A.D. 1814.

54° GEO. III. C. cxcvii.

1083

+ the said Average Price returned 5 by reason whereof the Assize and

Price of Bread may be at times higher than by this Act is intended, «to the Injury of the Public, and at other times not so high, to the

Injury of the Baker For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That whenever there shall be any Difference between the actual Average Price of Wheat or of Flour, and the Price from which the Assize of Bread shall be fixed or set, according to the Table annexed to this Act, the Amount of such Difference of Price shall be entered ina Book to be kept at the Market House in the said City of Cork for that Purpose; and when and so often as it shall appear, that upon such Differences being added together, such Differences amount to a sufficient Sum, either in favour of the Public, or of the Baker or other Person making Bread for Sale, to make a Variation in the Price of Bread of Half an Assize, then and in every such case the said Mayor of the City of Cork for the time being, shall and he is hereby required to make such Addition to or Deduction from the Average Price of Wheat and of Flour, and in setting the then next Assize of Bread, either to lower or to raise the same Half an Assize, as the case may require, accordingly as the Difference between the actual Prices of Wh eat and Flour, and the Prices from which the Assize shall have been set, appear to be in favour of the Public, or of the Baker or other Person making Bread for Sale.

XXXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to prohibit the baking and felling of Rolls commonly called French Rolls, or Muffins, Cakes, Biscuits or Penny Rolls, in such manner afe has been accustomed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor of the said City of Cork for the time being shall from time to time, immediately before the setting of the Assize of Bread in execution of this Act, add to what shall, by means of the then last general Returns or Account of Wheat and Flour, appear to be the then Average Price per Bushei of Wheat or Flour bought by Bakers, the Sum of One Halfpenny per Bushei on account of the Duties on Salt, together with Three Farthings per Bushei (being Two Shillings and Six pence per Ton) for and on account of the Carriage of Flour, so as to increase such Average Price One Penny Farthing per Bushei, and shall then in setting the Assize of Bread make use of such increased Average Price or Sum, instead of the real Average Price, in such and the same manner in all respects, as if the same were the real Average Price of Wheat and Flour, according to the then last general Return or Account of Wheat and Flour.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of the said City of Cork, and to and for any Justice of the Peace for the City or County of the City of Cork, or the Suburbs or Liberties thereof, and also, to and for any One or more of the Market Jury for the said City of Cork for the time being, within their respective Jurisdictions, from time to time and at aft seasonable times in the Daytime, to enter into any House, 8hop, Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse, Outhouse or other Place of or belonging to any Baker or Seller of Bread, within their respective Jurisdi6hons, to view, weigh and try all or any of the Loaves of Bread exposed to or for Sale; and if any Loaf or Loaves of Bread exposed to or for Sale, or which shall be carrying or conveying to or for any Dealer therein, or Confomer thereof, shall be found to be wanting either in the Goodness of the Materials of which the same

(Kail

How AfTze fiat wherever Averse Price of Wheat and Flour do not tally exactly withTab'e.

Act not to pro hibit baking French Kolis, &c.

In fettiny Assize of ilicad, Addition made to Assize on account of Duties on Salt and Price of Carriage.

Mayor, &c. may enter Shop-, and seize Bread not duly baked, or deficient ill Weiehu

ia&4

lu case Loaf coining out of Oven deficient in Weight and yet appear that Loaf was of same Weight when put in with Loaves of due Weight, no Penalty.

Miliers, &c not to act as Magistrates in Execution of Act.

[Penalty.]

Bakers to register Names.

y.

d i- = .'

C. cxcvii.

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1&14.

flwll bt msfle, orjtabc deficient in the ^ue baking or working thereof, or shall he wanting in the due Weight (such Weight to he ascertained within Thirty fix Hours after such Bread shall have been baked), or shall not be truly marked according to the Directions of this Act, the Mayor of the said City of Cork for the time being! or any Jufkice of the Peace for the said City and County of the City of Cork, or any such Market Juror or Jurors, shall and may seize such Bread; and after such Seizure thereof by such Mayor or Jufkice, inch Mayor or Jufkice shall and may, after keeping the same for the Space of Thirty fix Hours, for the Purpose hereinbefore mentioned, dispose thereof as such Mayor or Jufkice in his Discretion shall think fit; and all such Bread as mail be so seized by any such Market Juror or Jurors, shall with aH convenient Speed, after Seizure, be carried to the Mayor of the said City for the time being, to be dealt with and dispoied of by the said Mayor in such manner as if the said Mayor had himself seized the same under the Authority of this Act

XXXVII. Provided always, That if any Loaf, after it flail have

come out of the Oven, shall not be of the proper Weight, and it shall appear by the Oath or Oaths of any Apprentice, Journeyman or other credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Mayor of the (kid City of Cork for the time being, or before any Jufkice or Jtiflices of the Peace for the said City and County of the City of Cork* that such Loaf was, at the time the same was pnt into the Oven, of equal Weight with any other Loaf of the same Kind of 3^4 baked at the same time and in the same Oven, and which Loaf Audi appear'to be of the due and proper Weight which such Loaf might to be of, then and in such case no Fine shall be paid-for the Deficiency^foeh Loafi in case the same shall be good Bread in every respect, bd* the same shall and may be forfeited at the Discretion of the said Mfryer, or Justice or Justices of the Peace. -v

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Miller, Mealman, Dealer in or Seller of Meal or Flour, Baker or Person making Bread for Sale, nor any Person who fluH be my wife 'concerned in the Business of vending or selling Meal or Flour, shall be or be deemed or taken to be capable of adking as a Magistrate or Jufkice of the Peace under this Act; and if, any Miller, Mealman, Dealer in or Seller of Meal or Flour, Baker or other Person miking Bread for Sale, or any Person any wife concerned in the Business of vending or selling Meal or Flour, shall act as a Magistrate or Jo&ke of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, then and in every f«h case the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Fdttftdi to any Person or Persons who shall inform or foe for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in 'Dikii*, by Action of Dent, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Effain, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Baker or other Person shall make or bake for Sale* or sell or expose to Sale any Bread within the said City and County of the City of Cork, or the Suburbs and Liberties of the same, unless such Person shall firfk register his ot her Name and Place of Abode in some Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by or under the Dire6kkra of the Mayor of the fed City of Cork, and in all such Entries respe6kitdy shall be also expressed the respective times of making such Entries.

XL. A*

y

C. cxcvii.

54° GEO. III.

1085

Oath.

B*ken*nn€ '

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be registered Oath before in the manlier hereinbefore cHrd&ed, unless he or she shall swearr or register-

being One of the People called Quakers, affirm, in the foflbwrog e*manner 5 that is to say, r-'v

J A., B' do swear [or, solemnly affirm, as the case Jbdll require},

That I will not enter into any unlawful Combiuation \vhatlo-

ever, to raise the Price of Bread, or of Com, Meal or Flour^ or

into any unlawful Combination not to bake; and that I will not knowingly make, bake or fell, or permit to be made, baked or 1 fold, for my Use, any Bread in which any Alum shall be put, or

in which any other Ingredient or Mixture shall be used, save only

the genuine Flour or Meal of the Grain, and Salt, Water and 1 Barm or Yeast, or Eggs or Milk, Butter, Seeds or Sugar.

So help me God.*

Which Oath the Mayor of the City of Cork is empowered and re* quired to administer, whether such Baker shall reside within the Ju-rtfdiction of the said Mayor or not.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Baker or other Person shall make or bake for Sale, or sell or expose to Sale any taking Oaih Bread within the City and County of the City of Cork, or the*?*

Suburbs and Liberties thereof, without his or her Name having rc?u* '^being registered as aforesaid, or without having taken the Oath or /

made the Affirmation as herein directed to be taken by him or her before his or her Name shall be registered as aforesaid, then and in every such case he or she so offending therein, and being thereof 5

convicted, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not Penalty, exceeding Five Pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Bikers to buy Commencement of this Act, no Baker or Seller of Bread in the City m

and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties et* thereof, shall either directly or indirectly, by himself or others, for his or her Use, or on his or her Account or Behalf buy or purchase any Corn or Grain from any Person or Persons whomsoever, but in the Common Public Market or Markets, or Place or Places where Corn is or shall be usually fold or exposed to Sale, within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof; and if any such Baker or Seller of Bread shall buy or purchase any Corn or Grain in any other Place or Places, or in any other manner than as aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Penalty/

Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds: Provided always that nothing except Com im. herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to pre- parted, which yent any Baker or Seller of Bread from buying or purchasing any be bought Corn or Qrain imported, provided that such Cora or Gram be tf ImP°rtcr-bought or purchased of the Merchant, Factor or Owner thereof importing the same.

XLIII. And, to the end that the Markets in the said City of Cork may be regularly kept, be it enacted, That upon all Market Bell rung at pays a Market Bell shall be rung at Ten of the Clock in the Mom- opening of ing, for the opening the said Markets; and if any Farmer, or other Market*

Person or Persons whosoever, shall fell or put to open Sale, any Com Selling, ke. be-or Grain in any open Market within the said City and County of the forc -

City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, before the ringing of the said Bell, such Offender or Offenders shall and may

be

iq86

C. cxcvii.

A.D. 1814.

Account of Prices tjkcn.

ComK; n it ion of

Journeymen

Bakerr.

[Penalty.]

Iir«>riuinment.

Baker employ- 1t; convicted J oumeymen.

[Penalty.]

WitnellVs not appearing on f-ummorK appie-her.ded and com mirted to House of Correction.

54° GEO. III.

be proceeded against as a Forestaller or Forestallers of the Market or Markets; and on all Market Days some Person or Persons authorized and appointed for that Purpose by the Mayor of the said City of Cork, shall duly attend to take the Rates and Prices of Corn, and the Quantity that shall be brought to such Market or Markets, to the end that a new Assize of Bread may be more effectually regelated and published Weekly, according to the Provisions of this Art.

XLIV. And, for remedy of the Diilrefles and Inconveniences which may arise from Combinations and other licentious Practices of Journeymen of the Baking Trade, be it enacted, That if any Journeyman Baker within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall refuse to work with, or shall quit the Service of his Employer, on account of his Employer having One or more Apprentice or Apprentices, or (hill absent himself from or quit the Service of his said Employer without giving his said Employer One Week's previous Notice of his Intention lo to do, or shall be guilty of entering into any Combination against any Matter Baker or Mailer Bakers, or any other Person concerned in the said Trade; or if any such Journeyman Baker shall wilfully or maliciously damage, adulterate or destroy the Materials or Property of his Employer, then and in every such case every such Journeyman Baker so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; or it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Mayor of the said City, or for any Justice of the Peace for the said City and County of the City of Cork, before whom any such Journeyman Baker shall be convicted of any such Offence, at his Discretion to commit by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, such Journeyman Baker so offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said City, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space of time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if any Mailer Baker within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall employ any Journeyman Baker convicted as aforesaid, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after such Conviction, then and in every such case every such Master Baker so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be summoned to appear as a witness before the Mayor of the said City of Cork, or before any Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting in the Execution of this Act, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall refuse or Neglect to appear (on being the reunto duly summoned by Notice signed by the fid Mayor, or such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, and gfren td such Witness, or left at his or her last or usual Place of Abode) at the Time and Place by such Summons appointed, and shew no just Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, it shall and majr be lawful to and for the said Mayor, or such Magistrate or Magistrates, Jufbct or Justices, on Proof of such Summons having been served, to issue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seth, to bring such Person before him or them; and if on Appearance, or on being brought before the said Mayor, Magistrate or Magiftrstcs, Justice or Justices, such Person shall refuse to be examined on Oath, or (if a Quaker) on Affirmation, concerning the Premises, without having some just Cause for such Refusal, it wall and may be lawfil to and for the said Mayor, Magistrate or Magistrates, Jufboe or

15 Justiers,

A.D. 1814.

54° GEO. III. C. cxcvii.

1087

Justices, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said City, there to remain for any time not exceeding One Calendar Month, nor less than One Week, as the said Mayor, or any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices shall direct.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Perjury, upon any Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the Mayor of the said City of Cork, or any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence touching any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Tiling which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law in Force and Effect in Ireland, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XLVIL. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and For- Penalties, &c. feitures by virtue of this Act imposed (the manner of recovering how recovered, whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) and the Costs and Charges of Proceedings for and recovering of the same, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Mftyor of the said City of Cork, or of any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace for the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties of the same (which Warrant the said Mayor, or such Magistrate or Justice is and are hereby empowered to grant), upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath, or (if a Quaker) upon Affirmation, which Oath and Affirmation the said Mayor, and such Magistrate and Justice is and are hereby empowered to administer; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels after deducing the Costs and Charges of proceeding for and recovering the said Penalty, and of making, keeping and felling the Distress; and One Half of all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not hereinbefore directed to be otherwise applied) shall be applied for the Use and Benefit of the House of Industry of the said City of dork, and shall be paid to the Governors thereof, or to their Clerk,

Secretary or Treasurer, for the Use of the said House, and the other Half of such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid to the Informer or Informers; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be Pemhier, &c. found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid-forthwith, not paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, or such Magistrate or Justice of th.e Peace, and they respectively are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals, to canfe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said City, there to Imprisonment remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Ten Days, unless the Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be looser fully paid and satisfied.

XLVIII. And be it farther enacted, That in all cases where any Form of Cor-Conri&ien shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against viction. this Act, the Form of Convictiott shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

io88

C. exerii.

AppeiL

Notice.

Final.

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form.

Proceedings not quashed for Want of Form.

Certiorari, &c.

Ctmvi&ions recorded at Quarter Selficns.

54' GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

BE it remembered, That on this

' in the Year of the Rnp of

Ay B. is convicted before me [or, nsl the Meyer, [Magistrate or

4 Justice or Justices of the Peace,] for toe of

having [a/ the Offence shall be] and I [or, me] the find

do adjudge him [her, or, them] to forfeit and

pay the same Sum of Given under

4 my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seek] the Day and Yor

aforesaid.'

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Periods convicted before the Mayor of the said City of Cork, or before any Magi (Irate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence or Offences against this Act, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions, or General Sefioos to be holden for the said City and County of the City of Cork, oa giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding lufiefent Security to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor, or Inch Mrfbrte or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, for being perfopafir prefect at such General Quarter Sessions, or General Semons, and for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and for abiding the Determination of the Court'therein; and the Justices at such Semons are hereby out homed and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal ia a summary way, and to make such Determination therein, and cither to confirm or quash or annul the said Conviction, and to award foci) Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they the said Justices shall judge proper; and all such Determinations shall be final, binding and condimve, to all Parties, to all Intents and Purpose t whatsoever.

L. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or ftutief making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassos, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Smwnot, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trcfpdfcr or Trespassers tib initio, on account of any Irregularity which fluB be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Ferfeo or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover fall Satisfaction for the Special Damage* in an Adkm upon the Case.

LI. And be it furtW enacted, That no Order, Judgment or other Proceedings made, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Convfeboa of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, (half be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed nr removeable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty* Courts of Record at Dublin]; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof m any wise notwithstanding.

LII. And be it further enacted, That aft and every Cornrtdmo and Convictions made for Offences against this Act, shall be c« lifted by the said Mayor, or by the Magistrate or Magistrates or Justke or Justices of the Peace before whom such Convidson Audi be ha^ to

the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Cky mi County of the City of Cork; and11 such Coavidsans shall be that kept upon Record by the Gbrk uf tib Peace for % toh City mb County of the City of Cork.

LIII. Api

y

C. excv!i.

' A.D. 18U- 546 GEO. 1H.

ioSp

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs PUntiffs not to shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or recover without Persons for arty thiufgdonedn pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in*

Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Adlkm* signed by the Attorney for £he Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor fh in the Plaintiff recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or on the behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action, brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it iha.ll and may be lawful to and for the* Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought, at any time before Issue joined/to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be made; and given in and by such Court, as iu other Actions where the.Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit Limitation of shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done Actions, ia pursuance of this Act, after the End of Three Calendar Months' next after the Fad committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be'vbrotigbt and tried in the County of the said City of Cork, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty one Days1 Notice shall have been given, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or PlaintifTa shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Phuotiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such remedy for reco- Treble Costs, vering the same as any Defendant hath for Cods of Suit in other cases by.Law.-

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Exnences of and for the Grand Jury of the City of Corkt and they are hereby re- passing Act. quifed to prefect such Sum or Sums as shall be necessary to defray the Expences of applying for and passing this Act, to be raised and levied upon and from the County of the said City of Cork; such Presentment of the whole of such Sum or Sums to be made by the said Grand-Jury at the Assizes to be holden for the County of the said Cityrncxt after the passing of this Act, or a Preferment of One Moiety of such Sum or Sums, to be made at such Assizes, and of the other Moiety at the then next ensuing Assizes as the said Grand Jury shall think fit.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Commencement take effect on and from the Monday Three Weeks next after the of Act passing thereof, and not sooner, except in cases where it is other wise mentioned or provided for in this Act,

[Public Act.]

L.VII. And be it further enacted, That, this Act shall be deemed andk taken to be a Public Act* and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded..v

54 GEO. III. 4 A TABLE

TABLE of the PRICE and ASSIZE of BREAD, from

THE PRICE TABLE

When the Average PRICE of W HEAT f Whrn the Average I Price of FLOOR BREAD -

1*a 3.< "c 'T c S3- ( returned Mark* from the t, at #if i HI-a c 5fC«2 ^3 tJ -3-5.*; oi 0 la returned from the Market, at X Add Bakina Its. Sd. per Suck. Price of Peck Loaf, To weigh 17 lb. fTox. Atouiiupui. Price of Half Pec h LW, To ssnjb 8 lb. lit Avotrdapwu.

e Per Quarter Per Buthel TOTAL Per, Sack Total Price and Baking per Sack. I

cl S-2 Stone, cr 44Slh. Avoirdupois. of Stone, or 56 IIh. Avoirdupois. Price and Baking Per Bushel. of a? cu t. or 080 lbs. Avoirdupois, Whaateo. Household. When lea. HsudiU

s. d. i. d. 1, d. S. d. 1. d. J. d. i. d. /. d /. jl

1 27 0 3i 5 4 25 0 36 8 1 10 1 4 0 11 0 8

2 28 8 3 7 5 4 26 8 38 4 1 11 1 5 O Hi 0

3 30 4 3 4 5 6 i 28 4 40 0 2 0 1 6 1 0 09|

4 32 0 4 0 59 30 0 41 8 2 1 1 7 1 0* 0

5 34 8 4 4 6 1 31 8 43 4 2 2 1 8 1 1 0 10 1

6 36 4 4 6* 6 H 33 4 45 0 2 3 191 4 0

7 38 0 - 496 6 3* 0 46 8 2 4 1 10 1 2 0 11*

8 39 8 4 It* 6 4 36 8 48 4 2 5 1 IX 1 4 0 Ilf

9 41 4 5 2 6 11 38 4 50 0'2 6 2 0 1 3 1 0 i

10 44 0 5 6 7 3 40 0 51 8 2 7 2 1 1 3* 1 0*

11 45 8 5 H 7 5^ 41 8 53 4 2 8 2 2 1 4 1 1 I

13 47 4 5 11 7 8 43 4 55 0 292 3 1 «i 1 if

13 49 0 6 H 7 104 45 0 56 8 2 10 2 4 1 5 1 2

14 50 8 6 4 8 1 46 8 58 4 2 11 2 5 1 5* 1 2i

15 52 4 6 H 8 48 4 60 0 3 0 0 6 1 6 1 3

16 54 0 698 6 50 0 61 8 3 1 2 7 1 6i 1 3*

17 55 B 6 n*, 8 8f 51 8 63 4'3 2 2 8 1 7 1 4

18 57 4 7 2 8 11 53 4 65 0 3 3 291 7i 1 4*

19 59 0 7 4i91^ I 55 0 66 8 3 4 2 10 1 8 I 5

20 6° 8 7 794 56 8 68 4 3 5 2 11 1 si 1 H

' 21 62 4 7 H9t\ 58 7 70 0 3 6 3 0 191 6

22 64 0 8 099 60 0 71 8 3 7 3 1 1 4 1 4

v 23 65 8 a H9ni 61 8 73 4 3 8 3 2 1 10 1 7

24 67 4 8 5 10 2 63 4 75 0 393 3 1 10$ 1 4

25 70 0 8910 6 65 0 76 8 3 10 3 4 1 11 1 8

26 71 8 8 10 8i 66 8'78 4 8 11 3 5 1 ni 1 4

*7 73 492 10 11 68 4 80 0 4 0 3 6 2 0 I 9

28 73 09«i 11 4 70 0 81 8 4 1 3 7 2 o4 1 4

29 76 897 11 4 71 8 83 4 4 2 3 8 2 1 1 10

30 78 49H 11 6§ 73 4 65 6 4 3 392 4 1 14

31 80 0 10 0 119 75 0 86 8 4 4 3 10 2 2 1 n

32 81 8 10.4 11 76 8 88 4 4 5 3 11 2 4 1 lli

33 83 4 10 5 12 2 78 4 90 0 4 6 4 0 2 3 2 0

34 65 0 10 12 »i 80 0 91 6 4 7 4 1 2 4 t 4

35 86 8 10 10 12 7 81 8 93 4 4 8 4 2 2 4 2 1

36 88 4 11 0* 12 9i 83 4 95 0 494 394*4

37 91 0 11 4 13 H \ 65 0 96 8 4 10 4 4 2 5 2 9

38 92 8 11 7 13 4 86 8 98 4 4 11 4 5 2 4 2 24

39 94 4 11 4 13 6i 88 4 100 0 5 0 4 6 2 6 2 3 I

40 96 0 12 0 139 90 0 101 8 5 1 4 7 2 4 2 4

41 97 8 12 4 13 ni 91 8 103 4 5 2 4 8 2 7 2 4 1

42 99 4 12 5 14 2 93 4 105 0 5 3 492 H*4

43 101 0 12 7i 14 95 0 10695 4 4 10 2 8 2 5 1

44 102 8 12 10 14 7 96 8 108 4 6 5 4 1st 2 H 9*1

45 104 4 18 0* 14 9* 98 4 no 0 6 6 6 0 299 6

BY thit Table, Bre-vd t* always U idnact Half an Amin, or Om FartUai la r l».8d. per Quarter of Wheats and the aaroe oa U. 84. per Sack, or t4. prr Boriu on the Rue ol (d. mt Bathe I, or «. 8d. per Quarter of Wheat. ThJ* Alteration fur the Purpooc of inerraeing the Difference between the Price of the Quarter of of the Table make ».; the next Five make ja. 1 the nett Fifteaa aaahe 4». t the ftwnc^betweenjh«*nce^HU»e8«

the Quartani Loaf, oaaa Ihaari of hftnarBad I 'I of Hoar, except in Fear laMaMkehan ohm* from atd toad.lath* mat of the Hnilel affWi eatand the Sack of Floor. The heat Foot inr* Tar4ue aaaha In 1 and the haMatahth#,

the Price of WHEAT, and from the Price of FLOUR.

- THE PRICE TABLE.

THE ASSIZE TABLE.

Price of Quartern I oaf. To wri||h 4 lb. 307. 8 dr. Avoirdupois. Price of Half Ouartera Loaf, To weigh 1 lb. a or i-2dr. Avoirdupois. The Peony Loaf To weigh The Two Penny Loaf To weigh The Thtee Penny Loaf To weigh 1 !i J<S 1

MTiteUa. House- hold. Wheatea. House- hold. Wbatftea. Hoaeehold. Write* tra. Household. Wbrtten. House he Id.

Avoirdupois. Avoirdupois. A'virdupuu. Avoirdupois. Avoirdupois. Avoirdupois-

X. <L X. <L X. i. X. d. dr. OK. dr. lb. OK. dr. lb. ox. dr. lb. ox. dr. lb. ox. dr.

O bi 0 4 0 24 0 2 12 10 17 6 i94 2 2 12 2 5 14 3 4 2 1

O si 0 44 0 3 0 24 12 1 16 b 1 8 2 2 a 11 2 4 4 3 1 0 2

O 6 0 «i 0 3 0 24 11915 7 1 7 2 1 14 14 2 2 12 2 14 5 3

O 64 0 44 0 34 0 24 11 1 14 10 1 6 3 1 13 4 2 1 5 2 11 14 4

O 6* 0 5 0 34 0 24 10 11 13 14 1 5 a 1 11 12 2 0 1 2911 5

0 64 0 54 0 34 0 24 10 4 13 3 1 491 10 7 1 14 14 2 7 11 6

O 7 0 Si 0 34 0 24914 12 10 1 3 13 194 1 13 12 2 5 14 7

O 74 0 54 0 34 0 399 12 1 1 3 2 1 8 2 1 12 12 2 4 4 8

O 7 i 0 6 0 34 0 394 1191 2 8 1 7 2 1 11 12 2 2 12 9

0 n 0 64 0 4 0 34 8 15 11 1 1 1 14 1 6 3 1 10 14 2 1 5 10

0 0 0 64 0 4 0 34 8 11 10 11 1 1 6 1 5 6 1 10 1 2 0 1 11

0 84 0 64 0 44 0 Oi 8 6 10 4 1 0 13 1 49194 1 14 4 12

0 8* 0 7 0 44 0 3492914 1 0 5 1 3 13 1 8 8: 1 13 12 13

0 »4 0 74 0 44 0 34 7 1599 0 15 14 1 3 2 1 7 13 1 12 12 14

090 7i 0 44 0 34 7 1194 0 15 7 1 2 8 1 7 2 1 11 12 15

0 94 0 74 0 44 0 4 7 8 8 15 0 15 0 1 1 14 1 6 8 1 10 14 16

0 94 0 8 0 44 0 4 7 5 0 11 0 14 10 1 1 6 1 5 15 1 10 1 17

0 94 0 84 0 5 0 4 4 7 2 8 6 0 14 4 I 0 18 1 5 6 194 18

0 10 0 84 0 b 0 44 6 15 8 2 0 13 14 1 0 5 1 4 13 1 8 8 19

0 104 0 84 0 si 0 44 6 12 7 15 0 13 8 0 15 14 1 4 5 1 7 13 20

0 104 090 si 0 44 697 11 0 13 3 0 15 7 1 a 18 1 7 2 21

0 104 0 94 0 si 0 44 6 7 7 8 0 12 14 0 15 0 1 3 6 1 6 8 22

0 11 0 94 0 Si 0 44 6 7 7 5 0 12 10 0 14 10 1 2 15 1 5 15 2J

0 n| 0 94 0 Si 0 b 6 2 7 2 0 12 5 0 14 4 1 2 8 1 5 6 24

0 114 0 10 0 si 0 b 6 0 6 15 0 12 1 0 13 14 1 2 2 1 4 13 25

0 114 0 104 0 6 0 si b 14 6 12 0 11 13 0 13 8 1 1 11 1 4 5 26

1 0 0 104 0 6 0 si b 12 690 1190 13 a 1 1 6 1 3 13 27

1 04 0 104 0 6f 0 Si b 10 6 7 0 11 5 0 12 14 1 1 0 .1 3 6 28

1 0* 0 11 0 64 0 5t b 8 6 5 0 11 1 0 12 10 1 0 10 1 2 15 29

1 04 0 114 0 64 0 si b 7 6 2 0 10 14 0 12 5 1 0 5 1 2 8 3°

1 1 0 114 0 64 0 si b 5 6 0 0 10 11 0 12 1 1 0 0 192 31

1 14 0 114 0 6* 0 6 b 3 5 14 0 10 7 0 11 13 0 15 11 1 1 11 32

1 14 1 0 0 64 0 6 b95 12 0 10 4 0 1190 15 7 1 1 6 33

1 14 1 04 0 7 0 H b 0 5 10 0 10 1 0 11 5 0 15 2 1 1 0 34

1 2 1 04 0 7 0 64 4 15 5 8 0914 0 11 1 0 14 14 1 0 10 35

1 24 I 04 0 74 0 64 4 14 5 7 0912 0 10 14 0 14 10 1 0 5 36

1 2| 1 1 0 74 0 64 4 12 5 5 099 0 10 U 0 14 6 1 0 0 37

1 24 1 14 0 74 0 6* 4 11 I 5 3 096 0 10 7 0 14 2 0 15 11 38

1 3 1 0 74 0 64 4 10 5 2 094 0 10 4 0 13 14 0 15 7 39

1 34 1 0 74 0 7 4 8 5 0 091 0 10 1 0 13 10 0 15 2 40

1 3* 1 2 0 74 0 7 4 7 4 15 0 8 15 0914 0 13 7 0 14 14 41

1 34 1 24 0 8 0 74 4 6 4 14 0 8 13 0912 0 13 3 0 14 10 42

1 4 1 24 0 8 0 74 4 5 4 12 0 8 11 099 0 13 0 0 14 6 43

1 44 1 24 0 84 0 74 4 4 4 ki 098 096 0 12 13 .0 14944

1 4 1»0 84 0 74 4 3 4 10 0 6 094 0 12 10 0 13 14 45

lit ess* the Price of Wheat or FUwAall d so? 4*e ticetd the klfkC?ncti Mini in tb( fwiifoii^ Tullt, the Price of the Peck

I.oaL tad it* subdivisions, w to be itnind Hi proportion to the increase of the Price of Wheat per Bu die I, together with the Alow* nee foe IWhiof and tko Weight of the several Auiitd Loom i» to be decreased in proportion to inch increase of the Vnce of Whest per Baehel, together with the Allowance for Baking.

4 A 2

C.cxcviii — cciii.

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

1?

92

Cap. cxcviii.

0.3. c 124, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, at relates to building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Saltmarket Street in the City of Glasgow; and for regulating the Chimnies of Steam Engines, and other Works, in the said City and Suburbs thereof.

[14th July 1814.]

Cap. cxcix.

10 G. 3. c. 93. An Act for altering, amending and enlarging an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, near the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark; and for mating and repairing certain Roads and Avenues leading to the same; and for building and maintaining in place thereof another Bridge over the said River Clyde, farther up the River; and a Bridge over the River Avon near its Junction with the said River Clyde, with the necessary Roads and Avenues to and from both Bridges, (b)

[14th July 1814.] [Former Tolls toxease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. cc.

3jG. 3. c. 160. An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the High Road leading from the City of Glas gow to Garfcube Bridge, by Dobbie's Loan, in the County of Lanark. (b) [14th July 1814.]

[New Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

29 G. 4. c. 58.

and

29 G. 2. c. 71.'repealed rs to Ro; ids under this and »7 G. 3. c. 80.

Cap. ecu

An Act for repairing the Roads from Harrowgate, through Ripley and Ripon, to Hutton Moor, and from Kirlby Hill Moor to Ripon, in the County of York, (b) [14th 1814.]

[Double Tolls on Waggons, 1$c. laden with Com, fcfr. between 3 \st Oct. and 1st April. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

and 34 G. 3. c. 121. wholly repealed.

Cap. ccii.

ir> G. 2- cc. 81. An Act for repealing several Acts passed for making and repairing 9°- _ the Road from Livingflon, by the Kirk of Sbotts, to the City of

11 o 2 C 27' Glasgow, and certain Roads connected therewith; and for making

14 G. 3.Qq!\o$. further and other Provisions for maintaining and repairing the said

31 G. 3. c. 107. Roads. (J) [14th July 1814.]

34 G. 3. c. 154. 39 G. 3. c. xlv. 51 G. 3. c. xviii. repealed as to Roads under this Act

Cap. cciii.

47 H. 8 ci6. An Act for vesting certain Estates situate in the Counties of Hert- ford, Cambridge, Gloucester and Somerset, entailed by an Act of

Parliament of the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty

C. cciii — ccbc.

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

K>93

Majesty King Henry the Eighth, in Trustees, upon Trull to sell the same, and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. (q. P.) [14th July 1814.]

Cap. cciv.

An Act for vesting certain Lands belonging to the Right Honoura- 10 G 3- c- 5f-ble Hugh Earl Fortescue, situate in the Parish of Filleigh, in the '

County of Devon, and a Parsonage House to be built on the said^"* 2*

Lands, in the Rector for the time being of the said Parish, in Exchange for the Parsonage House and certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Parish. (q.P.) [14th July 1814.]

Cap. ccv.

An Act for amending Two several Acts of the Tenth and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Estates devised by William Hulme, Esquire; and to enable the Trustees thereof to apply the Trud Monies in making an Allowance to and Provision for the Exhibitioners of certain Exhibitions, founded by the said Tedator in Brazen Nose College, Oxford; and also in founding and supporting a Lecture in Divinity in the said College 5 and to incorporate the said Trustees; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.) [14th July 1814.]

[The Trustees of the Estates devised by William Hulme, Esquire. J

Cap. ccvi.

An Act for vesting certain Estates at Middleton, in the County of Lancaster, devised by the Will of the late Richard Cat on deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies thence arising, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. (q. P.) [14th Jub 1814.]

Cap. ccvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Arncott, in the Parish of Amhrofden, in the County of Oxford, (q. P.)

[18th July 1S14.] Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §23, 24, 25.

Cap. ccviii.

An Act for the Improvement of the Square called Saint Stephen9i Green, in the City of Dublin.

[18th July 1814.]

Cap. ccix.

An Act for continuing the Tenja and altering and enlarging the 1 o.t. S»at % . Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Highways between c. 25. PR. Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amend* O.t. c. 17. ing the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath,c- 9-

through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford and Ealing to c*cI°1*

the great Wedern Road in the said County; and for lighting, 4* 0.3. c^UxvVi. watching and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kenfing-ton Gravel Pits; and for exempting certain Carriages from Payment of Tbll. (a) f 18th July 1814.]

£Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.']

4A 3

Cap.

C. OCX — ccxviii.

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

1094

Cap. OCX*

X0G.3. C. 10o. An Act to enlarge the Term and Power* of Two Act passed in

33 G. 3. c. 138. the Tenth an(j Thirty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenbamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; and several other Roads therein mentioned. (c) [18th July 1814.]

Cap. ccxi.

PIL An Act for prerenting the Right Honourable Charts Earl of

Shrewsbury, and other Persons claiming under the Act for entailing certain Estates with the Earldom of Shrewsbury, from disturbing certain Exchanges or Partitions heretofore made, of a final! Part of those Estates by George late Earl of Shrewsbury. (q. P.)

£i8th July 1814.]

Cap. cexii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Conock, in the Parish of Chirton, in the County of Wilts, fq. P.)

[i8tn July 1814.]

Cap. ccxiii.

An Act for lighting and watching certain Parts of the Liberties, Hamlets or Distnds of Camberwell and Peckham, in the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, in the County of Surry.

[23d July 1814.]

Cap. ccxir.

An Act for improving certain Street* and Placet in the Precind of Saint Katharine, and in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aid-gate, in the County of Middlefest.

[23d July 1814.]

[«S>e as to paving, fsf c. part of PreeinQ of Saint Katharine, t. ccxx.

post-l

Cap. ccxv.

n G. 3. c. 81. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads

4? o 3 c"4* Bridges in the County of Lanark. (b) [23d dnly 1814.]

repealed.

[SV. 47 G. 3. Sef. 2. c. xlr.J

Cap. ccxvi.

An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Parts of the Entailed Estates of Mnrlle, Jfauld and others, in the County of Caithness, belonging to Sir John Gordon Sinclair Baronet, at shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debt* affecting the same. (q. Pi) [23d July 1814.]

Cap. ccxrii.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Great Hormcad, in the County of Hertford, (q. P.)

1 [13d 1814.]

Cap. ccxriik

An Act for taking down the old Church, Tower and Steeple of the Parish of Qmberfley, in the County of Worcester, and eredmr a new

Church,

C. ccxvlii — ccxxi.

A.D. 1814.

54° GEO. III.

Church, and enlarging the Church Yard; and also, for building a Workhouse for the Poor of the said Parish.

[25th July 1814 ] [Sr* c. ccxxvii.

109;

Cap. ccxix.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of Hw 180.3.0.66. present Majesty for making Drains and Sewers for carrying off the Water from the Prebendal Estate of Halit well and Finsbury in the Suburbs of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to extend some of the Provisions thereof to Part of the Holborn Division, in the County of Middlesex.

[25th July 1814.]

Cap. ccxx.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the 5 V c. 86. Streets and Public Places, within Part of the Precinct of Saint rcT*d«ii. Katherine, in the County of Middlesex.

[27th July 1814.]

44 Commissioners appointed for paving, &c. Streets, &c. not included* in 47 G. 3. Sc/f. 2. c. xxxviii.

[Srr as to improving Precinct of Saint Katherine, c. ccxiv. aate.

Cap. ccxxi.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Improvement of the City of Dublin, and the Environs thereof.

[27th July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of 47 0.3. SetT. % . 4 W His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more c* CIX'

effectual Improvement of the City of Dublin, and the Environs thereof; requires to be explained and amended in manner herein after mentioned; May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King'g Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Limits of the Jurisdic- Limit* of JuriC* tion of the Commissioners, for paving, cleansing and lighting the dictionf Streets of Dublin, appointed or to be appointed under the said re- Couuniifioner*. cited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall as to all the Boundaries thereof except the Eastern Boundary, be and remain as defined by the said recited Act; and that as to the Eastern Boundary of such Jurisdiction the Limits thereof shall be as follows; that is to say, the said Eastern Boundary shall be deemed to continue from the Turnpike Gate on the Circular Road adjoining Leaf on Street along the North West Side of the Grand Canal and the Grand Canal Docks, and along Forbes Street to the Rim Liffey, leaving the Canal Bank, the Trackpath, and the Canal Wharf at the said Docks, out of their Jurisdiction.

II. And, for defraying the Charges of paving, repairing, lighting and cleanftag the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, AHeys, Quays,

Bridges and other Public Passages and Places now being or hereafter to be made within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Powers to Com- «f this Act, there shall and may be levied and aileffed by tlW laid missioner* 10

\A + Com- lfv* wu"*

C. ccxxi.

ic i)6

54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Rates and Af-

felfmems for j aviutf, Ac. on ail Houl'ei,

Houses rateable, ard rated to M millers' Moiity, &e.

O 3 (1.)

c. 61.

Commissioners, or any Two of them, in lieu of the Rates and Asseff-ments for such Purposes under the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, once in every Year* or oftener if the said Commissioners shall fee Occasion, one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments upon all and everr the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, Out Offices, Vaults, Cellars and Tenements, Sheds, Stalls, as well in as out of Market, and other Private Buildings of what nature or kind soever, now built, erected or placed, or which at any time hereafter shall be built, erected or placed, or shall be situate within the Limits aforesaid, together with the Ground and Tenements thereto respectively adjoining, or therewith occupied or enjoyed, and upon all Pubic Buildings herein after mentioned, and upon all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground within the Limits aforesaid; and the said Rates and Assessments shall be made in manner herein after mentioned and set forth; that is to say, That for and in respect of every such House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Out Office, Vault, Cellar, Shed or Stall (as well in as out of Market), and every other Tenement or Building which shall be liable to be rated or valued for any of the Purposes herein after immediately mentioned, and which shall have been or shall be actually so rated or valued, all such Rates and Assessments shall be made, levied and afletTed in such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall order, according to the yearly Rent at which any such House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Out Office, Vault, Cellar, Shed or Stall (as well in as but of Market), or other Tenement or Building, shall at the time of such Assessment be rated or valued for the Collection of Ministers' Money; or if the same shall not have been valued for Ministers' Money, then as the same shall then be rated or valued for the Collection of Watch Money'; or if the same shall not have been valued for Ministers* or Watch Money, then as the same shall then be rated or valued for the Support or Maintenance of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital; or if the same shall not have been valued for any of the said Purposes, then as the same shall have been heretofore respectively valued by virtue of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Improve* ment of the City of Dublin and the Environs thereof by the better paving, lighting and cleansing the fame9 or of any former Act or Act* of Parliament in the said Act of the said Twenty sixth Year, in that respect mentioned and referred to; although the said Acts may not be iu force at the time of such Rating or Valuation; or as the same shall have been valued by virtue of the said hereinbefore recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign; that is to say, if the same respectively shall have been to valued at a yearly Rent of Ten Pounds or upwards, then so as such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, do not in any One Year exceed the Sum of Four Shillings and Six pence in the Pound, for every Pound of such Valuation, and if the same shall have been so valued at a yearly Sum less than Ten Pounds, then so as such Rate or Rates, AJfefTment or Assessments, do not in any One Year exceed the Sum of Three Shillings and Six pence in the Pound, for every Pound of such Valuation; which Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be a Charge upon all and singular the said Houses, Shops, Warehouses,

Coach

AJ). 1814.

C. ccxxi.

$4° GEO. III.

1097

Coach Houses, Stable*, Out Offices, Vaults, Cellar*, Sheds or Stalls (as well in as out of Markets), and other Tenements and Buildings, and upon the several Tenants, Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively, and shall and may be levied and recovered as herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That for, upon and in respect of Assessment ac- every House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Out Office, cording to Value Vault, Cellar, Shed or Stable, and every other Tenement or Build- ratable^bufnot ing within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, ralecj which are or shall be liable to be rated for the Collection of Miuiffers' t*rs' Money, and Money, or otherwise as hereinbefore mentioned, but whereon no on Hiuses, &c. Valuation shall have been made or returned for the Purpose of such not forateable» Collection; and also for and in respect of every House, Shop, Ware- aM^"ccord!n8*to

to Valuation for the Collection of Murders' Money or otherwise as hereinbefore mentioned, like Rates and Assessments shall be made, assessed and levied according to the Rent or Value thereof (to be ascertained in manner herein after mentioned), as is hereinbefore mentioned, with respect to Houses, Tenements and Buildings which have been actually rated for the Collection of Ministers' Money or otherwise as hereinbefore mentioned; and that, for the ascertaining the Rents and Values of all such Premises (not herein after directed to be assessed according to lineal Measure), it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint any Three Persons, conversant in Building, whom they shall think fit, to make and ascertain a Valuation of such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, Out Offices, Cellars, Vaults, Sheds, Stalls or other Tenements and Buildings, which Valuation shall be returned to the said Commissioners with an Affidavit thereunto annexed, made before the said Commissioners, purporting that such Valuation was made by the said Valuators according to the bell of their Skill and Knowledge, without Partiality or Favour to any Person or Persons concerned or interested therein 5 and that, in making the same, Consideration was had to a fair and reasonable Rent, according to the Mode which has been usually pursued in valuing Houses and Premises for Ministers* and Foundling Hospital Money, and not to the utmost Rent which the same is or might be let for; which Valuation so made shall, for the Purposes of this Act, and of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His Majestyk Reign only, and for no other Purpose, be deemed Evidence of the Rent of such House, Shop, Warehouse,

Coach House, Stable, Out Office, Cellar, Vault, Shed or Stall, or other Tenement or Building respectively, until the same shall be valued for Minister8> Money or any of the other Purposes aforesaid, if liable thereto: Provided always, that no House or other Tenement Provifa whatever now built or hereafter to be built within the Limits aforesaid, and which shall be valued by virtue of this Act, shall be valued for the Purposes of the same to a greater Extent than any House or other Tenement may now be valued at for Ministers' Money.

IV. And Whereas it is reasonable that all Public Buildings,

4 Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables and Out Offices, and all dead

Walls and void Spaces of Ground within the Limits of the Juris-

didion of the said Commissioners, and within the Extent of the

4 Pave.

C. ccxxi.

A.D. 1814.

1098

54° GEO. III.

Rate on Public Buildings, and 011 Stables, fcc. not rateable to Miniften* Money, and on Dead Walls, 8cc. According to lineal Measure.

Exceptions for Prifoos, Icc.

Pavements, Shingling or Grayelling, and the Public Lights, should be rated and assessed towards the paving and lighting of the several Streets, Public Passages and other Places within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any Two of them, and they are hereby required when and at such times as the before mentioned Rates and Assessments shall be made, to rate and a fiefs for the Purposes aforesaid ail Colleges, Schools, Market Houses, Halls, Theatres, Store Houses, Store Yards, Docks, Courts of Law, and all other Public Buildings whatsoever, or Buildings occupied for Public Purposes, and all Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, and other Out Offices not liable to be rated and assessed according to Valuation for Ministers' Money, and also all dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground save and except Grounds used for for Purpose of Burials only) fttuate in or fronting to or along the Side or Sides of any Street, Square, Lane or other Public Place or Passage within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, and wkhm the Extent of the Pavements, Shingling or Grayelling, and the Public Lights, in manner following; that is to say, to rate and assess all Colleges, Schools, Market Houses, Halls, Theatres, Store Houses or Store Yards, Docks, Courts of Law, and other Public Building or Buildings used for Public Purposes, at a Rate not exceeding One Shilling by the Year*.ior every Square Yard of the Ground fronting to or on the Side of such Colleges or other Buildings aforesaid, and contained between every such College or Building, or the Ground belonging to such College or Building, and the Centre of any Street, Lane or Passage to which it adjoins or fronts; and m case any such College or Building as aforesaid, or the Ground thereto belonging, shall be situated at any of the Quays, Docks, Squares or Streets buik upon one Side only, that then such College or Budding shall be rated and assessed as aforesaid, according to the Number of Square Yards of the Ground lying between such College or Building, and the Wall, Railing or other Inclosure of such Quay, Dock, Square or Streets, built upon one Side only; and to rate and assess all other such Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables and Out Offices (not so liable to be rated or assessed to Ministers* Money), and all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground adjoining to or on the Side or Sides of any Street, Lane, Quay, Court, Square, A Hey or other Public Fafiage within the said Limits save as aforesaid), although such dead Wall should indofe a Yard or Garden belonging or adjoining to any House or Tenement, for every Yard, running or lineal Measure, of such Ware-house, Coach House, Stable or other Out Office, dead Wall or void Space of Ground adjoining to or along the Side of such Street or Passage as aforesaid, at such respective Rase or Rates, Assessment and Assessments, as to the said Commissioners in their DifcTetxon fiiali seem proper; provided that no Rate or Assessment so to be made in any such case or cases as last aforesaid, fiiafi exceed in the Year the Rate of Three Shillings for every inch Yard, running Measur, of such Warehouse, Coach House, Stable or Out Office, dead Wall or void Space save as aforesaid), within the aforesaid Limits.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His bhjtaft Reign, or in this present Act contained, shall extend or he cocvftnrd to extend to authorise the imposing or levying aay Tax, Rate or

Affirt s

C. ccxxi.

I A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

1099

A Assessment whatsoever, on any Prison, Sessions House or Bridge, or on any House or Building whatsoever, so long as the same shall be used only as a Charitable Ellabli foment, or for the Purposes of Re-

:ligious Worfoip.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Unprofitable: i the said recited Act of the Forty Seventh Year of His present Ground ex'

gj* Majesty's Reign, or in this Act contained for any of the PurposesrorTl

therein or herein mentioned, either which have been or shall hereafter be performed, shall extend, or be construed to extend to authorize the jjfi imposing or levying any Tax, Rate or Assessment whatever, on any

i, j Sufficiently fenced or enclosed Lot or Plot of Ground being laid

£0 out for the Purpose of building Houses thereon, in front to any

Street or Public Passage, and which Lot or Plot has not any Building erected thereon, but is actually in Waste, and out of Use or £ Profit.

j?

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Rates, Assess- Whtn Ratts ments or Taxes for each Year, shall be due and payable on the due. j Fifth Day of January therein, and shall be received and collected

as Speedily as may be after the said Day, and that the First Year's '.j Rate, Assessment or Tax under this present Act, shall be payable on the Fifth Day of January, One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Rates, Taxes and Recovery of

'V Assessments by this Act made payable, in respect of Houses or other Rat#,

Buildings, according to the Rent or Value of the same, shall and may be recovered from the Person or Persons chargeable therewith,

' 4 by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons in like manner as is provided and directed, in and by the Said

recited Act of the Forty Seventh Year of His present Majesty's

Reign, with respect to any such Rates under the said recited Act; and that the Rate or Rates to be assessed under this Act on Cd-ts leges, Schools, Market Houses, Halls, Theatres, Docks, Store^Houses or Store Yards, Coarts of Law, and other Public Building, ft or Buildings used for Public Purposes; and also 00 Coach Houses,

Stables and Out Offices, dead Walls or void Spaces of Ground,

shall be chargeable on and paid by the principal Officer belonging f to or residing within any such College or other Public Building, or

on and by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any

if such Coach House, Stable, Out Office, dead Wall or void Space of

Ground; and in case of Nonpayment, all and every such Rates,

J Taxes and A fleAmenta shall and may be recovered at and from the respective Persons chargeable therewith, or liable thereto, by Distress and Sale of their Goods and Chattels, by the Collector or other >' proper Officer, in like manner as such Collector or Officer is by the^laid recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His pre-

J sent Majesty, empowered to levy the several Rates or Assessments

J therein respectively mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any House or Tene- Lodging Hou $ ment shall be let in Lodgings to different Persons, and the Person 2 or Persons letting such Led not re side in such House or

Tenement, then and in evei / _ de, the Person letting such

4 Lodgings, or the immediate Leflor or Lessors under whom the dif-

5 ferent Holdings in such House or Tenement shall be derived, shall be J subject and liable to the Payment of the Rate or AAefixnent thereon, / under the fjad recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's

I ICO

C. ccxxu

Notice by I, effort of Lodging Houses.

Penalty. Names and Places entered by Secretary.

Evidence.

Notice by Owners of Sheds and Sublet*

[Penalty.]

DiflreGu

Numbering

Houses.

54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Majesty's Reign, or this A A, the same to be recoverable by Ci^l Bill, against such Person or Persons in the Court of proper Jurisdiction; and if such Lodgers or any of the'tn shall pay such Rat* or Assessment, or any Part thereof, he, she or they, shall be entitled to dedu&, and shall be allowed the Sum or Sums so paid out of his or her Rent for such Lodgings, and the same shall be deemed and considered as paid in Part of his or her Rent.

X. And, in order to secure the Payment of the said Rates or Assessments for such Lodging Houses as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons have let or shall let out any House or Tenement within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissionen in Lodgings to different Persons, and shall not reside therein, then and in every such case such Person or Persons shall, within One Calendar Month after having so let out such House or Tenement, or if such House or Tenement has been let out in Lodgings before the passing of this Act, then within One Month after the passing thereof, or of ceasing to reside therein, deliver unto the Secretary or Clerk of the said Commissioners, a true Statement in Writing of his, her or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode; and so in like manner on any Change thereof, within One Calendar Month after every such Change; and every such Person or Persons who shall omit or neglect so to do shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and such Name and Names, Place and Places so delivered in, shall be entered by such Secretary or Clerk, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and the Entry in such Book shall, as against any such Person, for the Purposes of this Act, and of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, and for Service of any Summons, Notice or Process, or other Proceeding under the same respectively, be Evidence of the Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, unless such Person or Persons shall prove that he, she or they has or have, previous to such Service or other Proceeding, fenred such Notice in Writing on the said Secretary or Clerk as aforesaid, specifying some other Place of his, or her, or their Abode, and that the Place so specified is the true Place of his, or her, or their Abode: And every Person who now is, or hereafter shall become the Owner or Occupier of any Shed or Stall, whether the same be situate in or out of any Market or Markets within the said Limits shall, in like manner as is hereinbefore provided with respect to the Persons letting out Lodgings, register, from time to time, their Names and Places of Abode, and any Change thereof, and shall forfeit the like Penalty in default or neglect of so doing; and every such Registry shall be of the like Force, Validity and Effect, and every such Owner or Occupier of such Shed or Stall shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the Rate or Assessment thereon, in like manner as the Proprietors or Owners of Lodging Houses are subject to the Rate or Assessment thereon; the same to be recoverable by Distress and Sale, in the same manner as other Rates or Assessments assessed by the said Commissioners are recoverable, or by Civil Bill, against such Person or Persons, in the Court of proper Jurisdiction.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioom may order and direct the Inhabitants or Owners of the sevenl Houses, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables or other Buildings in 1

the

C. ccxxi.

iioi

A.D. 1814. S4# GEO. III.

the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Quays or Public Passages within the Limits aforesaid, to number their respective Houses, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables or other Buildings in such manner as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and may also order and direct the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants in Possession of any of the Stalls or Sheds in the Markets, or other Places within the Limits aforesaid, to affix his, her or their Name or Names, and the Number of his, her or their Shed or Stall, on the respective Fronts thereof, at length, in legible Characters, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct 5 and if any such Person or Persons shall neglect to number Negleflins to his, her or their House or Houses, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Number, &c. Stables or other Buildings, or to affix his, her or their Name or Names and Number on his, her or their Sheds or Stalls as aforesaid 5 or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, pull down, obliterate or deface any such Name, Number or De- Obliterating, scription, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be fcc. done, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Penalty, and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, upon Conviction upon Oath, before the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, to be levied by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Distref*. Chattels of the Offender.

XII. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty seventh 47 3-

4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Power is given to the c*c, x*

said Commissioners to take or contract for a House for the Purposes of the said Corporation, and also One or more Warehouses,

4 Stables or Store Yards, and such other Accommodations as they should deem necessary for the better carrying on the Purposes of the said A Cl; and that the Repairs thereof, and the providing necessary Accommodations, should be paid out of the Funds arising

4 by virtue of the said Act, provided that the annual Rent and Ex-

5 pences thereof, exclusive of Taxes and Repairs, should not exceed the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds 5 And Whereas the said Commissioners have from time to time experienced great Difficulties in carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Att in paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets of Dublin, which Works were l'everally done by Contract under the Authority of the Directors, and Commissioners under former Acts, but which Works are now performed and executed under the immediate Direction of the present Commissioners; and an absolute Necessity is thereby created for various Stores and Workffiops in the different Depart ments, which were not wanting, or necessary to the former Directors and Commissioners, for the reason aforesaid; and such Difculties are likely to continue and increase, unless the said Commissioners shall be empowered to take and contraCl for additional Stores,

and Warehouses, and Store Yards, and to build and ered Oil Stores i for the Purpose of depositing and safe keeping a sufficient Stock or ? Supply of good Oil, Wick and other Materials for lighting the said City, and to build and erect Stables, Cart Houses, Sheds,

4 Forges, Carpenters' Workffiops, and other Offices, for the safe keeping of Implements, Paving Stones and other Materials, and other Purposes for carrying on the necessary Works: And Whereas a large Annual Rent is necessary for the said Purposes,

and

1102

C. ccxxi.

CommifTicrcri renting Pre-miles, of 8ocl. per Ann.

Commissioners empowered t# build Oil btoies, Workshop*, 5tc.

To secure Vault!, itc.

54° GEO. U. A.D. 18r4*

and the Expence of the said Lighting and Works will thereby be considerably dirainished in other respeda; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, out of the Funds arising by virtpe of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or by virtue of this Act, to pay for the Annual Rent of the House, Houses, Warehouses, Stables and Places now occupied and rented by them, and also for such other House, Houses, Warehouses, Stores, Store Yards and other Places, as shall by the said Commissioners be found necessary to be taken and occupied by them, for the Purposes of the said recited Act, and of this present Act, such annual Sums or Rents as they shall think proper, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds Sterling, by the Year, exclusive of Taxes and Repain; nevertheless to be subject to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to build and ered such Oil Stores, Stables, Cart Houses, Sheds, Forges, Carpenters* Work(hop$, and other Offices as aforesaid, as they shall think necessary for the better carrying into Execution the beneficial Purposes of the said recited Act, and of this Act; and to defray the Costs and Charges thereof from time to tirtie, out of the Funds arising by virtue or the said recited Act, and of this present Act; and that in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners, to be more beneficial to the Public to purchase any such House, Houses, Warehouses, Stables, Stores, Store Yards or other Premises, than to hold the same respectively at an Annual Rent or Rents, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissionm, or any Two of them, from time to time, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to purcha/e any such House, Houses, Warehouses, Stables, Store Yards, Places and other Accommodations for the Purpose aforesaid, either in Perpetuity or for any Number of Years, and to fine down, or to pay a Fine for decreasing the Rent or Rents thereof respectively, and to pay the Amount of such Purebafe Money or Fine out of the Fuads vested in them by the said recited Act, or by this present Act; oevcrthekfj to be subject to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XIV. And Whereas the Lives and Limbs of His Majesty's Subjects passing and repassing through the City of Dublin and the Liberties and Environs thereof, are greatly endangered by various Vaults, Arches, Cellars and other Excavation < of the Earth under the flagged Ways and Pavements within the said Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, from the same being supported by Timber in a decayed State, or built of bad Materials, and with bad and inefficient Workmanship; For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawfcil for the said Comnuf-sioners, or any Two or more of them, or any Officer acting under their Authority, at all reasonable Hours in the Day-time, having first given Twenty four Hours* Notice in Writing, to enter any House or other Building within the said Limits, to view all such Vaults, Arches, Cellars or Excavations; and if the lame shall appear to be fnpported by Timber or insufficiently supported in any manner, or

G. ccxxL

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

1103

become decayed so as to be dangerous to the Public, then such Commissioners or their Officer shall serve or cause to be served a Notice in Writing on the Person or Persons occupying the House or Houses in Front of which such Vault or Vaults, Arch or Arches, Cellar or other Excavation shall be found, requiring the said Person or Persons to cause the same within the Space of Fourteen Days from the Date of such Notice, to be well and sufficiently repaired or built on the Sides with Walls of Stone or Brick and Mortar, and to be arched over with the like Materials in the same manner, under the Direction of an Officer to be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose 5 and if the Person or Persons occupying such House shall refuse or neglect to perform the Directions of such Notice, or to apply to the said Commissioners for Licence to proceed with the said Work for the said Space of Fourteen Days, then and in every such case the said Commissioners or any Two of them may give Orders, and appoint a proper skilful Person or Persons to ered or cause to be erected, such Walls of Stone or Brick and Mortar, and such Vault or Vaults, Arch or Arches, Cellar or other Excavation to be built with Stone or Brick and Mortar, and to cover in such Vault or Vaults, Arch or Arches, Cellar or Excavation 5 in which case, if the Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Building as aforesaid, shall for Twenty one Days after the completing of such Work, and after that a Bill of Expences shall have been fumished to such Occupier or Occupiers, refuse or neglect to pay to the said Commissioners the said Expences, then and in such case the said Commissioners or One of them shall and may issue their or his Warrant to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier or Occupiers, or Landlord or Landlords of such House, where-soever found, the full Amount of the said Expences, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress, Levying and Sale of his or her Goods and Chattels, which shall thereupon be executed accordingly, the Surplus, if any, to be returned to the said Occupier or Occupiers, Landlord or Landlords.

XV. And Whereas several Vaults have been heretofore built,

and now are situate in several of the Squares, Streets, Lanes,

4 Courts, Alleys and Quays within the Limits aforesaid, many of which Vaults have been extended from the Fronts of Public

Buildings, Houses, Messuages, Tenements, dead Walls and void Spaces, so far as to meet or nearly meet the Vaults built fronting the Houses, Buildings, Messuages and Tenements on the other Side of such Streets, Lanes, Courts and Alleys, and no sufficient Space has been left, or remains between such Vaults in the Centre pr otherwise of such Streets, Lanes, Courts and Alleys for building and erecting Public Sewers therein, and several of the Vault*

built and now situate in several of the said Squares, Streets and Quays which are not built on each Side thereof, have been extended too far out and beyond the Centre of the Street thereof;

4 And Whereas it may become necessary and expedient that Public

4 Sewers should be built in such Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts,

4 Alleys and Quays; Be it enacted, That, from and after the To alter, &c. passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Viuiu, Commissioners when they shall be minded to build any Public Sewer iq any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys or Quays, or Public Passage, wherein any Vault or Vaults is or are erected, and which

1104

C. ccxxi.

Et|>ence how defrayed.

Street Dirt, kc. Property of Commissioner*.

Takine , kc. Street Dirt, kc.

[Penalty.]

Refcuinf, &c. Seizure*

54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

which shall project beyond or within Seven Feet of the Centre of such Street, to give Fourteen Days* Notice to the Owner c.r Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of such House, Messuage or Tenement, Building, dead Wall or void Space, of their Intention to cause such Vault or Vaults to be altered and shortened so far as to leave a Space of Seven Feet between such Vault or Vaults, and the Centre of such Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys and Quay?, or Public Passage, for the Purpose aforesaid, or to alter and shorten all such Vault or Vaults as the said Commissioners may find necessary to enable them to build such Sewer or Sewers; the Cofl of which Alteration shall be defrayed out of the Funds of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty, and of this Act.

XVI. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Property of all Street Dirt, Manure, Dung, Scavenger's Soil, and other Soil, the Sweepings of the Streets, which may be accumulated or dropped, or laid down in any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys,

4 Quays, Bridges, Public Passages and other Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners; Be it therefore enacted, That all such Street Dirt, Manure, Dung, Scavenger's Soil and other Soil, and every Part and Parcel thereof, shall be deemed, taken and adjudged to be the Property of and vested in the said Commissioners and their Successors; and that if any Person or Persons not licensed or authorized in Writing by the said Commissioners, or Two of them, shall take away, remove, lade or carry away any of the said Street Dirt, Manure, Dung or Scavenger's Soil, or other Soil of any Description, or the Sweepings thereof, which shall accumulate or be dropped or laid in any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Alley, Quay, Bridge, Public Passage or other Place within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, on any Cart, Car or other Carriage, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, authorized by any such Commissioner or Commissioners, to seize and take into Custody such Cart, Car or other Carriage, and also such Horse or Horses, Mule or Mules, Afs or Asses, Ox or Cow, as shall be found harnessed to such Cart, Car or other Carriage, or employed in carrying and conveying such Street Dirt, Manure, Dung, Scavenger's Soil, or other Soil, the Sweepings of the said Streets or other Places, and to detain such Cart, Car or other Carriage, and such Horse or Horse?, Mule or Mules, Afs or Asses, Ox or Oxen, Cow or Cows found therewith; and the Person or Persons so seizing the same shall give Notice to the Person or Persons so offending, if then present, to attend before the said Commissioners, at their Office at Eleven o'Clock at Noon, on the Day next following not being Sunday; and that such Persons lading or carrying away such Street Dirt, Manure, Dung, Scavenger's Soil or other Soil as aforesaid, within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, being convicted thereof before any of the said Commissioners, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, the same in case of Nonpayment, to be levied by Sale under the Warrant of such Commissioner or Commissioners of such Cart, Car or other Carriage, and of such Horse or Horses, Mule or Mules, Afs or Asses, Ox or Oxen, Cow or Cows, or of a sufficient Number or Quantity of the same; and if any such Car or Cart, or othier Carriage, or such Horfir or Horse, Mule or Mules, Afs or Asses, Ox or Oxen, Cow or

11 Cows,

C. cctxL

A.D. 1814.

54° GEO. III.

Xtc$

Cows, being so seized for the Cause aforesaid, shall be rescued, taken

or carried or driven off by force, every Person or Persons so rescuing

the same, or being present aiding, assistant, encouraging or abetting in

such Rescue, and being convicted thereof before any One or more

of the said Commissioners, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any

Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and in case of Nonpayment thereof Penalty.

upon Conviction, the same shall be levied under the Warrant of the said Commissioners, or any One of them, by Distress and Sale of the Distress.

Offender's Goods wheresoever found; and if such Distress cannot be

found, then such Offender or Offenders shall and may be committed,

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Commissioner or Commissioners, to His Majesty's Gaol the New Prison, if within the County of the City of Dublin; or to His Majesty's Gaol of Kilmaln- Imprisonment.

ham, if within the County of Dublin, there to remain for any time not

less than Two Days, nor more than One Month, or until he, she or they shall pay the said Penalties, and all Costs and Charges attending

[Proviso.]

the Nonpayment thereof: Provided always, that if any Heaps of such

Street Dirt, Manure, Dung, Scavenger's Soil or other Soil shall

lie suffered to remain in any Place more than four Days without being removed by the said Commissioners, or by their Servants, the

Owner of any Ground or Tenement fronting to such Heap or Heaps,

may remove the same without being liable to any Penalty.

XVII. And Whereas considerable Sums might be raised by the Sale of such Street Dirt, Manure, Dung, Scavenger's Soil

or other Soil so collected by the said Commissioners, to be applied ' by them to the PurpoTs of the said recited Act of the Forty

seventh Year and this Act j' Be it therefore enacted, That, from Commissionen and after the pafliuT of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the empowered to Commissioners for the time being appointed or to be appointed under: 'treel Dlrt the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year, and for all Officers and Persons employed and authorized by them, from time to time to sell and dispose of all such Street Dirt, Manure, Dung, Scavenger's Soil or other Soil, which shall accumulate or be dropped or laid down and collected within the said Limits, and that the Money arising from the Sale or Sales of such Street Dirt, Manure, Dung,

Scavenger's Soil or other Soil shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners, to be by them appropriated to the Purposes of this Act and of the said recited Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of the Property of Pavements, Flags, Timber, Stones, Polls, Spud Stones, Public Fountains or Conduits, Irons, Lamps and Furniture thereof (Private ora<

Lamps and the Irons thereunto excepted), and all other Materials and Tilings whatsoever, which now are in Use, or which at any time hereafter shall be in Ul'e, or shall be procured for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, in any of the Squares, Quays, Bridges,

Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Stable Lanes, Warehouse Lanes, or other Passages whatsoever, within the Limits aforesaid, whether any such Lanes, Courts, Alleys or other Pastages, shall or shall not-be Thoroughfares (except in any such Stable Yards, Stable Lanes, or Places as shall be enclosed and shut in with Gates at the Entrance thereof), shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the time being, appointed or to be appoiat^d under the 54. GEO. III. 4 B said

ho6

C ccxxi.

54

GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Emkewing,c. Breaking, Jcc. Mater uL, &c.

[Penalty.]

Warrant, ^c.

Snow, &c. removed from Doors, &c.

[Penalty.]

Throwing off >now.

f^id recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign and their Successors; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought any A&iqn or Actions, or to prefer, or to order and direct the preferring of any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall embezzle, deal, take or carry away any Part of such Property, Materials or Things 5 and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up, dellroy or damage any Pan of such Property, Materials or Things, or any of the Works made or to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of any of the Acts therein recited, or of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, over and above all other Satisfaction for such Damages, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if the Cofl of such Damages, together with the said Fine or Fir* shall not be paid upon Conviction, or secured to be paid to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, then and iu every such case the said Commissioners shall and may proceed by Warrant and Committal, as in the said recited Act 01 the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is mentioned, expressed and contained.

XIX. And Whereas great Inconveniences have arisen and hare*occurred to Passengers, from the Footways not being duly cleankd during Frosts and Falls of Snow* Be it further enacted, That the Occupiers of every House or other Building within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners, and every other Peribn liable to the Payment of the Rates and Assessments thereoa respectively, shall cause the Snow and all and every Annoyance caused by Frost to be feraped, cleansed and swept from off the Steps of their fevered and respective Doors, and from the Footway running along such respective Houses and other Buildings and Tenements, Dead Walls, Coach Houses, Warehouses, Stables and Out Offers thereunto belonging and appertaining, and void Spaces, and shall cause to be swept and cleansed, the paved Gutter or Water Channel all along the Front of the same; and shall, during the Continuance of such Frost and Snow follow, and perform such Directions as the said Commissioners shall by Public Notice or otherwise give, in laying Allies or other Materials on the said Footways for the Safety of Passengers; and that any Person or Persons who shall wilfully disobey or neglect the Direction of the said Commissioners in the Picnuses, shall and may on Proof upon Oath of such Neglect by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any of the said Commissioners, forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Two Shilling* and Six pence for such Neglect, to be levied by Warrant of DiArei* and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattel!.

XX. And be it further enacted, That Snow may be thrown into any Public Passage from the Roof of any Dwelling House or other Building, private or public, situate and being within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, upon Precaution being taken as hereafter mentioned, from the first Appearance of Day-light until the Hour of Teno* Clock in the Morning, and not at any other Hour or Time in the Day or Night; and that if any Snow shall be thrown into any such Public Passage from off the Top or Roof of any House, Houses or other Buildings, at any other time fare as aforesaid, or without giving warning to Passengm ' by

C.ccxxi.

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

' 1107

by a Person placed for that Purpose oh the Footway, all and every Person or Persons from whose House, Houses or other Buildings the same shall be thrown, shall and may on being convicted thereof before One or more of the said Commissioners, forfeit and pay Penalty, any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, to be levied by Warrant of DiArefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and wheresoever found.

XXI. And Whereas the Watering of the Squares, Streets and

other Public Passages within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, so far as it has been carried into Execution,

pursuant to the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the 47 G 3. Sett! a. 4 Reign of His present Majesty, has been found of the greatest c cu* §94«

4 Utility and Comfort to the Inhabitants and Passengers within the same; and inasmuch as Doubts exist as to the Power of the said Commissioners to assess for the same; Be it therefore enacted, That, Power to Own* from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Public Building, ersc Dwelling House, Messuage or Tenement, dead Walls and void *0 Com* Spaces of Ground, situate in any Street or Public Passage within m'rtioners to" the Limits aforesaid, the Majority of the Householders or Persons hive Streets liable to pay the Public Taxes of which may make Application in watered Writing to the said Commissioners to have the same watered, shall pay to the said Commissioners a Tax to be rated and aflrfled on all such Public Buildings, Dwelling Houses, Messuages or Tenements, dead Walls or void Spaces or Ground, in Proportion to their Extent in Front to such Street, for the Purpose of watering the same, at a Rate not exceeding Seven Pence by the Foot running Measure, in a Street which is built on both Sides, and in Streets and Quays built on one Side only, at a Rate not exceeding One Shilling by the Foot running Measure, to be applied in watering such Street or Public Pastage, and to be recovered in the same mariner as other Rates afleiied by the said Commissioners are recoverable.

XXII. And Whereas in and by the said recited Act of the 47 g. 3. SefTs.

Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, divers Powers c.cix. §95. kc. 4 are given to the said Commissioners for the making, building, re-

pairing, paving and cleansing of the Sewers within the said Limits,

4 as well in new Streets as in other Streets and Places within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners; and Doubts have arisen in what manner the Expellees, Coils and Charges of v 4 such Sewers should be rated and paid; Be it enacted, That all the Making Sewers, Expence, Costs and Charges, of building, making, paving, cleansing,

Repairing, deepening or enlarging any Sewers, Drains or Cess Pools in any Street within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, shall and may, from and after the passing of this Act, be assessed and made payable by lineal Measure, and shall be assessed and levied upon all the Houses, Warehouses, Stables, Coach Houses*

Store Houses or other Buildings or Tenements, Public or Private, in any such Street, and upon all dead Walls and void Spaces in any such Street, according to the Extent in Front, lineal Measure, of such Houses, Tenements, Buildings, dead Walls or void Spaces respectively, and shall be recovered in the same manner and under all such Regulations as are contained in the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty with respect to Sewers to be made in any Street or Place newly built, or in Progress thereto; provided always, that the whole JJum to be assessed for the making or

4 B 2 building

A.D. 1814.

54° GEO. III.

HmifY* having #ross Drains communicating with rmin Sewers liable to Sewer Rates.

4? C, 3. Seir. 2. c. eije-

'»9*-

building any new Sewer, Drain or Cess Pool, shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of Eighteen Pounds by the Perch 5 and that the whole of any such Sums so to be assessed shall not in any case exceed the Sums actually expended by the said Commissioners 5 and provided also that nothing herein mentioned shall extend or be con (trued to extend to any Houses inhabited by Persons so poor that they are entirely unable to bear the Expences of such Sewers, Drains or Cess Pools; but that with respect to Houses inhabited by such poor Persons the said Commissioners shall proceed in manner directed by the Paid recited Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the House or Premises of any Person or Persons shall at any time heretofore have been benefited by, or shall hereafter be benefited by any main Sewer or Drain construded or to be conflruded by the said Commissioners, under the Powers of the said recited Act or this Act, by reason or means of any cross Drain or Branch leading from such House or Premises, and communicating with such main Sewer or Drain, the House or Premises from which any such cross Drain or Branch shall have been or shall be made, communicating as aferefsid, and the Person or Persons inhabiting such House or Premises, and who shall have made or used, or shall make or use any such cress Drain or Branch, shall be liable to the Payment of all such Rates and Assessments as shall have been or shall be made for the raising or levying the Coils, Charges and Expences of making, building, cleaning, paving or repairing any such main Drain or Sewer, according to the Extent in Front of such House or Premises, in like manner as 20T House or Premises, or Person or Persons inhabiting the same, is or may be liable in any other case under the said recited Act or this Act.

XXIV. And Whereas the Commissioners for the time being,

under the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, have from time to time laid out and expended several Sums of Money in paving, (hingling and flagging several 1 Streets and Public Passages not before paved or flagged, and have also laid out and expended several Sums of Money m and about the building, repairing and cleansing of Public Sewers, as by the said recited Act the said Commissioners were authorized to do, acd it is by the said recited Act provided that the Charges and Expends attending such Paving and Sewers shall be paid in certain cases by the Owners, Proprietors or Lessees of the Grounds, Houses or Tenements in fuen Streets, according to the Extent and Number of Feet which each such House, Ground or Tenement shall occupy in front to such Street, and in certain other cases by the Inhabitants of such Streets according to such Proportion of the Expences as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet, and the Inhabitants in such Streets and Public Passages, and the Proprietors and Owners of Public and other Buildings, dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground have hitherto declined or refused to pay to the said Commissioners the several Sums of Money so laid out and expended under Pretence that the Mode of Assessment for the same is not suffictently Rated in the said recited Act, although such Works were perfbrined 00 4 Behalf and for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of such Streets and Public Passages under certain Promisel and Undertakings to the said Commissioners, that all Sums expended by them on such

4 Accouit

C. ccxxi.

1109

A.D. 1814, 540 CEO. III.

1 Account should be duly repaid; 1 For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That, from and after the pacing of this Act, it shall Suro* expended and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to make an Assessment^9°'!r, ou- of all such Sums so expended in each and every Street and Public SeVers^c0* Passage within their Jurisdiction, upon the Inhabitants in such Streets recovered or Public Passages, and upon all Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons being Proprietors or Owners of Public Buildings or other Buildings rateable under this Act, or being Proprietors or Owners of any dead Walls or void Spaces of Ground, and that such Assessment shall be made according to the Number of Feet, lineal Measure, contained in front to such Street or Public Pastage, and in Proportion to the Sum so actually expended by the said Commissioners, without any Charge for Intereil for the lame; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to recover of and from all such Inhabitants, being Occupiers of Houses in the Streets and Public Passages wherein such Works have been performed, and of and from all Bodies Politic and Corporate being Owners or Proprietors of any Public or other Buildings, and their Officers, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money so expended by the said Commissioners for the Purpose aforesaid, with like Remedies to the said Commissioners in Default of Payment as specified in the said recited Act for the Recovery of all Rates payable under the said recited Act, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction, or by Action in any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record in Ireland: Provided always, that the Sum to be charged for building proviso.

or for having built any new Sewer shall not exceed the actual Expenditure thereon, and that the higheil Rate shall not exceed Eighteen Pounds per Perch of Twenty one Feet, lineal Measure, according to the Extent in Front of any such Public or other Building, dead Wall or void Space of Ground, and that the Sum so he charged for repairing and cleansing of such Sewers or for such Pavement, Flagging or Shingling, shall not exceed the Sum actually and bonaJide expended thereon.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Com- Private Sewers missioners, or any Two of them, shall think it proper or necessary that any Private Sewer, Drain or Cess Pool, or the Scite or Courts thereof respectively, within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, should be altered, changed, rebuilt, extended or enlarged, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, to cause the same to be done in- such Manner and Form as they shall judge bell, firfb giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days', previous Notice of such their Intention 5 and the Charges and Expences thereof, and of repairing the Pavement and Flagging damaged thereby, shall stand charged on the several Public Buildings, House or Houses,

Messuages and Tenements, dead Walls and void Spaces, in every Street where the same shall be so made or repaired, altered, changed, rebuilt, extended or enlarged, and be paid by the Person or Persons respectively liable to the same 5 and the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall and may assess and rate the Quota or Share which each and every such Person or Persons is or are to pay according tq the Extent in Front by lineal Measure of such Public Building,

House or Houses, Messuages and Tenements, dead Walls and void Spaces: and if any Person or Persons so assessed shall refuse to pay

4 B 3 such

Ilto

C.ccxxi.

Fencing Vacant Ground, and flagging, See. Street*, and making Sewer* compounded for*

S4* GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

such 'Quota, Share or Proportion of such Assessment, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to levy and recover the same, in such manner as all or any of the other Rates herein mentioned are to be levied under thia Ad; or the said Commissioners may, at their E led ion, commence and prosecute One or more Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, against the Person or Persons so refafing.

XXVI. And Whereas there are many Houses, or other

Buildings and void Spaces and Lots of Ground for building oo,

in front of several of the Public Passage* within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, the Footways of which have not yet been flagged, or the Carriageways paved or dungled

by the Owners or Proprietors thereof, or such void Spaces or

Building Plots, not being sufficiently fenced or indosed, to the great Inconvenience and danger of Passengere Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to apply to the respective Owners or Proprietors of such Houses or other Buildings void Spaces or Lots of Building Ground, if such Proprietors can be discovered, by giving Fourteen Days' Notice in Writing, which Notice shall require the Attendance of such Owners or Proprietors, or of some One in their behalf, at the Board Room of the said Commissioners, within Fourteen Days from the Service of such Notice; and if such Proprietors cannot be discovered, then by affixing such Notice on some conspicuous Part of such Premises, and by publishing the same in the Dublin Gazette, in order that such Owners or Pro* prietors may compound with the said Commissioners for fencing or inclosing such void Space or Lot of Building Ground, or for flagging hi front of such House or other Building, void Space or Lot of Building Ground, or for paving or fhingling the Carriageway in front of the same, so far as the Centre of the Street, or other Passage to which they may front, or for building a Main Sewer, or a Cross Drain from fucu House or other Building, void Space or Lot of Building Ground, into a Main Sewer, or both; and in case such Composition shall not be made, or such Notice shall not be duly attended to, then and in such case it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to execute any or all of such required Works, and to remove all Obstacles to the same, and to defray the Costs thereof out of the Funds arising from the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act; and in Default of Repayment by such Owner or Proprietor when called on for the same, or if the Owner or Proprietor cannot be found, that then the same, together with the Coils of Advertisement in the Dublin Ga % itie shall be and remain a Charge on such Houses or other Buildings, void Spaces or Lots of Building Ground, which shall be liable to the Coll a of such Works actually expended by the said Commissioners and no more, into whose Hands foevrr tie same may comp, and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to recover such Sums so paid by them for any such Works from any Owner or Proprietor, or Occupier of such House or Houses or other Buildings when the same shall be inhabited or tenanted, and also from the Occupier or Owner of such void Space or Lot of Building Ground after the same is built upon and inhabited, but not otherwise, by Distress, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction*

6«XXVII. A*d

C. ccxxi.

1111

A.D. 1814.

54 GEO. III.

XXVII. And Whereas it is enabled by the said recited Act 47 G 3. ScfT. 2. 4 of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, C'CUL $iai*

That if any Person shall deal, take and carry away any of the Flags,

4 Stones, Gravel, Timber, or other Materials whatsoever, belonging

to the said Corporation, or any Lamps, Burners, Pods, Iron dr

4 Furniture thereof, such Person or Persons being thereof lawfully

convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be transported

for Seven Years; For the more effectual Punishment of such and the like Offences, be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Stealing, vc.

Persons shall hereafter deal, take, carry awiy or embezzle any Materials Se-

Article or Material, being the Property of the said Corporation, he, Cor-

(he or they in all such cases may and shall be indisted, and if con-or* °n*

vifted on such Indictment of dealing, taking and carrying away, or

of embezzling the Property of the said Corporation, over and above

the Value of One Shilling, he, she or they being so convicted* shall and may receive Sentence, and be punished as in cases of Convictioti

for Grand Larceny ( and that when any Person or Persons shall Punishment.

deal, take or carry away, or embezzle any Article or Material, being

the Property of the said Corporation, and he, she or they shall be f>

indicted on such Charge, for dealing or embezzling, under the Value of One Shilling, he, she or they shall and may, on Conviction of such Offence, receive Sentence and be punished as in case of Coil- PunlOimenc,

viction for Petty Larceny, at the Discretion of the Court before

whom he, she or they may be so convicted.

XXVIII. And Whereas it frequently happens that the Lamps and Burners and Furniture of the same belonging to the said Corporation are broken, destroyed or damaged, and Sufficient Evidence cannot be produced to prove that the same were fb broken, destroyed or damaged wilfully and maliciously; Be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall by negligence Accidental or by accident, by Day or by Night, break, destroy or damage any f*re«iking, &c. such Lamp, or any Part thereof, or the Burner thereunto belonging, Laa, Ps*

or any Furniture or Part thereunto belonging, or the wooden Pull or Irons thereunto belonging, the Person or Persons so offending may be apprehended and brought before one or more of the said Commissioners, or, if known, shall and may be Summoned before the said Commissioners, and being convicted thereof, shall be adjudged to pay any Sum not exceeding the actual Value of such Lamp or Burner l, ewalty* so broken, destroyed or damaged by such Accident or Negligence 5 and on Refusal to pay the same, such Commissioner or Commissioners may, and shall, and are hereby authorized, by Warrant of Dillrefa, Hi.lrcfs. to levy the Sum so adjudged for such Damage, or to cause the same to be levied, off the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so doing such Damage.

XXIX. And Whereas in consequence of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners having been extended by the said Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, tq several 4 7 G-.l-aLiberties and Didrifts within the said Circular Road, which were C tu*

not under the Jurisdiction or the Direction of the Commissioners for paving and lighting appointed under former Acts, and in consequence of the present Commissioners executing the Public Works necessary for paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets under their own Direction, and not by Contract as formerly, there were not such a Number of Officers heretofore employed or required by the

4 B 4 ' fuid

Sabry of Sere-Uiy increas-J.

[Proviso.]

Proviso for Water Com-pauies.

Proviso, for Karl of Meath's Rj$ht.

54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

said forme!* Commissioners, as are now employed 'and required oa ' account of the great Extent of the Works carrying on by the

present Commissioners, and the Duty of the Secretary to the said Commissioners is thereby considerably encreafod, and is likely to

enercafe and become more troublesome and laborious; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act* there shall be paid to the Secretary of the said Commissioners, out of the Funds granted by the said recited Act of the Forty Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this present Act, such further and other Yearly Sum as the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, direct and appoint, in addition to the Yearly Sum of Two Hundred Pounds already provided for, and directed to be paid, and as now received by the Secretary of said Commissioners: Provided always, that the Salary so to be paid to the said Secretary, shall not in the whole exceed the annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds.

XXX. And Whereas the Powers and Jurisdictions of the Lord

Mayor, Sheriffs, Commons and Citizens of Dublin, or of their Pipe

Water Committee, as to the Management, Superintendance or ' Direction of Pipes or Pipe Water do not extend in all Directions, as far as the said Circular Road; but there arc considerable Districts within the said Circular Ready and within the Jurisdiction

of the said Commissioners, which are supplied with the Water by Means of Pipes, under the Care and Management of other Perfocs;

( and it is reasonable that such other Persons should be subject to the same Rules and Penalties as to the breaking up the Pavement, as the said Pipe Water Committee, or as those for Private Pipes are \9 Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of tins Ad, all and every the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Peoalties and Payments in the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, relating to the said Lord Mayor, Sheriffs, Commons and Citizens of Dublin, or their Pipe Water Committee, concerning Pipes or Pipe Water, or the breaking up or Repairs of Pavement, shall extend and be in force, and be deemed, taken and construed to extend and be in force to all lutenU and Purposes, to all and every Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, having, or who shall or may at any time or times hereafter have the Care, Management, SuperintendaLce or Direction of any Pipe or Pipes for the conveying of Water in, through or into any Street, Square, Lane or other Public Passage, within the said Circular Road, as fully and effectually as if the same had been in the said Act expressly extended to such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate by Name, or other sufficient Description.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in tins Ad or in any other Act or Acts in force in Irelcrd^ shall be construed to subject the Right Honourable John Chambr Earl of Meath, or his Successors, Proprietors for the time being of certain Water flowing into and passing through the Liberties of Thommt Court and Donore, commonly called the Earl of Meath's Liberty, which by the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, and by this Act, are described to be within the Limit* of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissionerc, to any other Rule, Re.

g illation

C. ccxxi.

54° GEO. III.

m3

gulation or Penalty, in respect of such his Water, or the Works connected therewith, than such as the said Lord Mayor, Sheriffs,

Commons and Citizens of Dublin, or their Pipe Water Committee, now are subject to, concerning their Pipe Water or the Works connected therewith.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after Three Water from Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, no Common Dairy Cow Yaids, &e. man, or Person making a Trade of feeding Cows, Pigs or Horses, nor any Keeper of any Public Inn, or Common Livery Stables, or any Keeper of Hackney Coaches or Carriages for hire, within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, shall permit or suffer any Urine, or other Water, or Dirt, or Filth, to How or to run from their Several Dairies, Kouses, Yards, Sheds, Stalls, Stable or Stables,

Stable Lanes, or other Places, into any Street, Public Passage or Place, or through the Kennels or Channels on the Surface thereof, but shall cause the same to be conveyed under Ground by a proper and Sufficient Sewer from such Dairy, House, Yard, Shed, Stall,

Stable, Stable Lane or other Place, to the nearest and next main Sewer, which Sewer or Sewers shall be built and constructed under the Direction and Approbation of the said Commissioners or fomc proper Person, to be by them appointed to oversee the making and building of the same, and not otherwise, at the proper Colls and Charges of the Owner or Owners of such Places as aforesaid; and that the Overseers to be employed by the said Commissioners shall be paid the same Wages by the Person or Persons so making such Sewer or Sewers, as the said Commissioners shall then usually pay in such cases.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Quantity of passing of this Act, no such Dairyman or other Person following Duns»Dairies, the Trade of a Feeder of Cows, Pigs or Horses, nor any suche*

Keeper of Livery Stables or Hackney Coaches or Carriages, shall have or keep at any one time within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, in his, her or their Dairy Yard or other Yard or Yards, House or other Place more than Ten Ton Weight of Dung; and if any such Dairyman or other Person or Persons shall after Three Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, permit or suffer any Urine or other Water or Filth to How or run from their Dairies, Houses, Yards, Sheds, Stalls, Stable or Stables, Lanes or other Places, into any Street, Public Passage, or other Place, or through the Kennels or Channels on the Surface thereof, he, she or they shall forfeit and pay unto the said Commissioners for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings; the said several Penalty. Penalties to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offenders1 Goods and Chattels, or in case of Nonpayment the Person or Persons offending herein shall be committed to Bridewell for any time not exceeding Ten Days, or until such Fine or Fines shall be paid; and if any such Dairyman or other Person or Persons shall not, upon receiving Notice from or by Order of the said Commissioners or their Secretary in Writing, immediately proceed to remove such Dung, and to complete the Removal thereof within the Space of Six Days from and after such Notice as aforesaid, he, she or they shall forfeit and pay unto the said Commissioners for each and every Day such Nui-fance or Nuisances shall be so found to exist and be continued, a Sum pot exceeding Five Shillings, the same to be ^levied in manner before Penalty, mentioned.

XXXIV, An4

in4

Wafer from Markets, fcc.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

1 lorfrs, See. tuuml iu Streets.

Penalty. P&uble Costs.

Cut's of Ad.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pairing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall cause, permit or suffer any foetid and (linking Water, or any hot or warm Water, or any other Watfer Or Waters impregnated with the Blood from any Slaughter House or Market, or with the Materials used in any Distihery, Brewery, Foundery, Tan Yard or other Yard, Dye House or any other House, Dwelling House, or any other Place, Tenement or other Concern whatsoever within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, or any Water whatsoever to run or flow from any of the Places aforesaid through or upon any Public Street, Passage or other Place upon the Surface thereof; every such Person or Persons so offending (half forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, for each and every such Offence; and if the said Fine or Fines so incurred shall not be paid upon Conviction, then and m every such case the said Commissioners shall and may proceed under and by virtue of such Warrant as is provided and directed by the said Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, or by Committal of the Offender Of Offenders for one Month, until such Fine or Fines shall be paid, as in and by the said lall recited Act is also provided and directed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Carts, Cars, Sledges, Drays or Waggons, when loading or unloacting, shall be drawn up and (land close to the Curb Stone of the Footway with the Heads of the Horses or other Beads up or down such Street, Passage or Place; and if any Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Bealls in Carts, Cars, Sledges, Drays or Waggons, shall be found lading or unlacting, or remaining with the Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Bealls Handing athwart or across any of the said Streets, Public Passages or Places, the same shall be deemed an Obstructions, Annoyance and Nuisance, and may be seized and detained by any Inspector, Supervisor or other Officer appointed by the said Commisfiooers; and the Person or Persons making or causing such Obstructions or Nuisance, or if such Person or Persons cannot be found, then the Owner or Owners of such Cart, Car, Sledge, Dray or Waggon, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, to be recovered in manner as in the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is provided and mentioned*

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Actions shall be brought by the said Commissioners against any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, or Corporate whatsoever, for the Recovery of any Money or Monies, Penalty or Penalties, due or forfeited or recoverable under or by virtue of this Act or the said ranted Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma/rftr, and a Verdict shall be had and given against such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, he or they shall pay Double Costs, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions (bill have such remedy for the Recovery thereof, as any Plaintiff or Plaia-tiffs may have for his, her or their Costs in any other cases by Law.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences of preparing, obtaining and passing of this Act, fhkl be paid by the said Commissioners, in the fiiift place, out of the Funds arising by virtue of the said- former Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of Jiis present Majesty, and of this present Act.

C. ccxxi — ccxxvi,

1115

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act 47 G. 3- Seir.a. of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and c; c, x*to con' every Power, Clause, Provision and Article therein contained, shall linue* &c* continue and remain in full force, virtue and effect, excepting so far as the said Act or any Part thereof is altered or amended by this Act, and except such Parts thereof as relate to any Exemption from Stamp Duties, and that all Rights, Privileges, Powers and Authorities which were granted by the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and remain in full Force for the Purposes of carrying the same and every Part thereof, and this Act, into Execution; and that all and every Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be recovered, levied and applied by the same means and in the same manner; and all Convictions for or by reason of the same, shall and may be in the same Form and Manner as in the said recited Act is directed, concerning any Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said Act, save as are herein otherwise particularly directed, and with such Right of Appeal as is in and by the said Act given and directed; and that the said recited Act and this Act Confin ed at shall be construed together as one Act, so far as the same are compatible t, n- 'Vct*.or confident with each other 5 and as if all the Clauses in the said recited Act contained had been inserted in this Act.

[Public Act.]

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. ccxxii.

An Act for more effectually ascertaining the Boundaries of the Parish 17 ft x8 G. 3. of Saint Mary's, Dublin.

[27th July 1814.] (*)<* 47-»n

part repealed.

Cap. ccxxiii.

An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of Four Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Thames^ West ward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London; and for further improving the said Navigation.

[27th July 1814.]

[70, 000l. ralfed.]

14 G. 3. e. Qt. 17 G. 3. c. 18. 50 G. 3. c. ctiv. JlG. 3. c.xlvi.

Cap. ccxxiv.

An Act for exchanging Parts of the Settled Estates of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, for Fee Simple Estates of the said XSuke; and for exchanging other Parts of such Settled Estates for Fee Simple Estates of Charles Goring, Esquire. (q. P.)

[27th July 1814.]

Cap. ccxxv.

An Act for confirming the Annexation of the Rectory of Elinghann in the County of Norfolk, to the Mastership of Magdalen College, in the University of Cambridge. (q. P.) [27th July 1814.]

Cap. ccxxvi.

An Act for enabling the Reverend Sir Richard Hughes, Baronet, to., fell certain Parts of his Settled Estates in the Counties of Surry and SttffeXf {o the Most Noble Charic* Puke, of Norfolk; and for

applying

11 j6

C. ccxxvi — ccxxviii. 54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

applying the Money thence arising, in the Purchase of other Estatesf to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. (q. P.)

27th July 1B14.]

Cap. ccxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Omberjly, in the County of Worcester. (q. P-) C271^ Fuly 1814.]

Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §27, 28, 29. Commissioners empowered to allot part of Wade as Compensation for* Lands conveyed to Trustees under c. ccxviii. ante, for rebuilding M Ombersley Church, £31.

Cap. ccxxviii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Aftt made in the Forty third and Forty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackball, for the Accommodates of the East India Shipping in the said Port.

[28th July 1814.] 43 Ci. 3. c. cxxvi.«'Y T WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the fur* ther Improvement oj the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port, certain Persons therein named, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, were united into a Company of Proprietors by the Style and Firm of "The East India Dock Company, " for the Purpose of making the said Docks and other Works, and for otherwise carry-in the several Powers and Authorities of the said Act into Execution: And Whereas an Act was made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for the further Improvement of the Part of London by making Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Ac commodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port: And Whereas in Execution of the said Acts the said East India Dock Company have formed Two Docks at Blackwall aforesaid, called aa Outer and an Inner Dock, together with certain Basons and Locks: And Whereas the Quays or Wharfs surrounding such Outer Dock are bounded on the North Side by the Wall which separates the same from the Inner Dock, and at the East End by the Entrance Bason and Locks leading from the River Thames to the said Inner Dock: And Whereas the Trade to and from Places within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter being open, with certain Limitations, to all His Majesty's Subjects in Private Ships, by

53 G. 3. c. 155.*virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Time, the pQjffession of the British Territories,

in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for eflchfjhirg further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories and the better Administration of Justice within the same; and for regulaS-1 ing the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the fail

Company's Charter, it is expedient that Accommodation should be

made in the said Docks for the Shipj^dg which shall be engaged

in such Private Trade, and that Warehouses, Cranes, Sheds acd

other

$ 1.

46 G. 3. c. cxiii.

C. ccxxviii.

1117

54° GEO. III.

other Conveniences should be erected in the said Docks for the safe

Custody of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported in Pri-

vate Trade, and unladen from such Shipping 5 and for the Purposes aforesaid it is necessary that the said East India Dock Company

should have Power to increase their Capital or Joint Stock, and that the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts, of the Forty

third and Forty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty

should be altered and enlarged 5 but as such Purposes cannot be

effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Clautes, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters and Things whatsoever therein contained save and except such Parts of the same as are hereby altered, varied or repealed), shall be, and the same is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall be as good, valid and effectual for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution in as full, ample and beneficial a manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and adapted to the Purposes thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectually carrying the several Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, it shall be lawful for the said Enjl India Dock Company, at any extraordinary General Meeting or Meetings to be especially called for that Purpose, in manner by the said recited Acts directed, to increase and augment the Capital or Joint Stock, which by the said recited Acts they are enabled to raise, with any further Sum of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, as to the Majority of the Proprietors present at such Meeting or Meetings shall be deemed necessary and expedient; and it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise such further Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Contribution among ft themselves, or by the Admission of any new Subscriber or Subscribers, or by such other ways and means as to the Majority of the Proprietors present at such Meeting or Meetings shall seem right and proper.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such additional Capital or Joint Stock to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be considered as Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company, and shall be under and subject to the same Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Directions and Management in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been Part of the Capital or Joint Stock directed to be raised by virtue of the said recited Acts save and except as to the time or times of making any Call or Calls for the said Additional or Joint Stock directed to be raised by virtue of this Act, and save and except as to the Amount of any such Call or Calls, which time and times, and the Amount of such Call or Calls respectively shall from time to time be appointed by the Directors of the said East India Dock Company, or any Five or more of them); and all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations and Clauses, save find except as herein excepted, contained i* the bid recited Acts, with respect or in relation to the several

Calls

Powers of 43 c. cxxvi. 46 (J. 3. c. cxnL extended te Ad.

Company mty incrcale Capital or Joint Stock. 10c, cool.

Additional Capital considered as Part of Capital or Joint Stock.

Prov'so

CaiU.

Ul8

C. ccxxviii.

54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Calls made in Proportions and iit times as Company Dull direct*

46 O. 3. c.cxiii. §10.

4 t 1.

in part repealed.

Additional Land purchased.

Calls to be made for the said Capital or Joint Stock to be thereby raised, and to the Recovery thereof, and of any Arrears thereof, and to the Forfeiture of any Sum or Sums adranced by reason of any Refusal or Neglect to comply with any such Call or Calls, shall be applicable to and shall be in full Force and Effect as to the levenl Calls to be made for the said additional Stock to be raised by vine* of this Act.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or*any Five or more of them, to make any Call or Calls for such additional Capital or Joint Stock, or any Pati or Parts thereof, in such Proportions, and at such time and times as shall be agreed upon by the said East India Dock Company at any of their General Meetings to be holden in the manner herein directed; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as rcflrains the Exercise of the Authority thereby given to the said Company to purchase the Reversion, Freehold and Inheritance of the Land and Hereditaments of or belonging to and situate on tb; East Side or End of the said Docks, Basons and other Work, between the same, and the Lands and Hereditaments in the Occupation of Sir Robert Wigram Baronet (and which have been taken and purchased for a Term of Years by virtue of the said last meotior.fd Ad), unless the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof be first had and obtained, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and it shall be lawful for the said Company forthwith to purchase and take the same by virtue and in the manner directed or referred to by the said last mentioned Act, notwithstanding such Consent as aforesaid shall not have been obtained, and the time limited for purchasing the same hath elapsed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, to purchase the Freehold and Inheritance, and all other Estates and Interests, of and in the Whole or any Part or Parts of all that Piece or Parcel of Land and Hereditaments containing Three Acres, or thereabouts, now in the several Occupations of John Wells Esquire, Sir Robert Wtgrsm Baronet, William Bough and Robert Gordon, or their or some of their Under Tenant or Under Tenants, and adjoining Land and Hereditaments in the Occupation of the said East India Dock Company, on the West Side thereof 5 the River Lee and Land and Hereditaments, being the Freehold and Inheritance of Sir Robert IVigram Baronet, on the North Side thereof; the River Lee trd Land and Premises in the Occupation of the said Robert Gordon, oa the East Side thereof, and partly on Land and Hereditaments in the Occupation of the East India Dock Company, and partly on the Road leading to the Orchard House, on the South Side thereof, with the like Powers and Authorities, and subject to the like Rein, Regulations and Restrictions, and in the like manner, and with the like Powers and Regulations as to the Sale and Conveyance thereof, and the Application of the Money to be paid in respect of the Isa* as in the said recited Acts, or either of them are contained, with respect to the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments thereby authorized to be purchased.

VII. Ph>-

C. ccxxviii.

1119

A.P.1814.

54° GEO. III.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Time for pur-said Directors shall not within the Space of Five Years next after chafing Land, the passing of this Act, agree for or cause to be valued, as in the said &c* imile'recited Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty is mentioned, and purchase the Land and Hereditaments hereinbefore particularly mentioned and described, or such Part or Parts thereof as they may require, then and from thenceforth the Powers to them hereby granted for such Purpose only, shall cease, determine and be utterly void and of no Effect; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Power to enlarge the said Directors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered Entrance Baton, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Servants and Workmen, to

enlarge the said Entrance Bason in and upon the Lands purchased or to be purchased by them in purfuarvee of the said recited Acts and this Act, according to such Plan or Plans and in such manner as they shall approve of 1

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Diretfors em-said Directors, from time to time, by themselves, their Deputies, powered to huiM Agents, Servants and Workmen, to build and ered, or cause to be Warehouses, &c« built and erected, such and so many Warehouses, Wharfs, Quays,

Cranes, Sheds and Engines, as they shall think necessary and proper, along the Banks of or adjoining or near the several Docks and Bafous made and to be made by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, convenient and sufficient for the Trade and Business of the said Docks, for both Homeward and Outward bound Ships, and for the landing and discharging, lading and shipping of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, that shall or may at any time or times be legally landed or shipped at the said Docks.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Gates and Doors of Warehouse?, fcc. the said Inner Dock, and all the Gates and Doors of such of the under joint said Warehouses as shall contain Goods, Wares or Merchandize EocksofCorn-imported or to be exported, which shall be subject to Duties of mdfioner*of"* Customs or Excise, shall be under the joint Locks of the said Enjl Cuttomsnd India Dock Company, and of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Excise. Customs and Excise, both or either of them, as the case may require,

or of their respective Officers, and shall be locked and opened only in the joint Presence of One or more of the Officers of the said Company, and of the said Commissioners of Cuiloras and Excise respectively employed for that Purpose, and shall never, on any Account or pretence whatsoever, be opened but in the joint Presence of such Officers; and the Officer or Officers whose Duty it shall be to Time of lock attend the locking up and opening of the said Gates of the Inner lT) % up»c Dock and Warehouses respectively, shall, and they are hereby re- Uatci* quired to lock up and open the same, or cause or procure the same to be locked up and opened in their Presence, at the Hours herein after mentioned for that Purpose, or at such other time or times as may be specifically required by the said East India Dock Company, or their proper Officer, upon the Spot, within such Hours as the Business of the Docks and Shipping may render necessary.

XI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited 46 G. 3. c.cvii.

Ad of the Forty fi*th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

prevents the carrying away of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, belon'n?*"w cleared and discharged from Ships and Vessels in the said Docks, company re.

except pealtd.

1 120

C. ccxxviiL

Goo'll Umled upon Quays of l)ocks liable to Regulations as at l-eeal Quay*.

Stmll linkages in iialt lnd'* Ships lee i ltd.

[Penalty.]

Packages made food at Rates in Schedule.

Entering and bonding Good* by b.At India Company.

54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

except by the Carayans, and in the manner therein prescribed, shall, so far as relates to such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as shall not belong to the said East India Company, or shall not be imported in their Ships, or shall not be consigned to the East India House for Sale, be and the same is hereby repealed 5 and all such Good?, Wares and Merchandize, and Things whatsoever, as shall be landed or discharged upon the Quays or Wharfs of the said Docks, under the Infpfftion and Superintendence of the Officers of the Revenue attached to the said Docks, shall (subject to the Provisions of th; i Act) be liable to such and the like Regulations, and be hoiffid and delivered in such and the same manner as Goods, Wary-s or Merchandize landed or discharged upon the Legal Quays in the City of 1London.

XII. And Whereas many valuable Goods and Articles are

imported from the East Indies and China in small Packages end

Pareels, and to prevent thelofs of the same Be it further enacted, That every Commander of a Ship or Vessel in the Employ of the said United Company, or engaged in Private Trade, shall, v?itljQ Ten Days next after he shall leave his last; consigned Port in the E. Indies or China, in the Presence of Two or more of the Officers of such Ship or Vessel, collect all such small Packages and Pareels, and cause the same to be put into a Case or Cases respectively containing not less than Six Cubical Feet, and cause the Contents of every such Case to be marked 011 the Outside thereof, and that a Regiller of every such Transaction shall be entered in the Log Book, and a Copy thereof annexed to the Manifest delivered at the Cudom House; and that every Case containing such small Packages ard Parcels shall be sent to the East India Company's Warehouses in the Order and Condition hereinbefore described; and every Commander neglecting to put any small Package or Parcel into such Caie as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be cleared or discharged from any Ship or Vessel employed in Private Trade in the said Docks, shall be in uniafe or insufficient Packages, or shall be (lowed loose in the Ship, the lame respectively shall be collected, and the Packages thereof made fafie and repaired at the said Docks, before the same shall be delivered out of the Ship, and the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Configures thereof respectively, shall pay such Rates or Charges as are expressed in the Schedule to this Act annexed in respect thereof, to the £&id East India Dock Company, which shall be recovered in the same manner as the other Rates to be payable by virtue of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Produce of any Place or Placet within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter shall be brought into any of the said Docks or Basons, on board of any Ship or Vessd, and shall not be duly entered at the Custom House in London*, and also at such other Office of His Majesty's Revenue as shall be required by Law, within Seven Days next after the Ship or Vessrl importing the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have entered the said Inner Dock, then and in every such case the Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Esf Indiest or some Officer or Officers appointed by them for that Pur*

pde

A.D. 1814.

C. ccxxviii.

I I2X

54° GEO. IlL

f ofe, shall, and they are hereby required, on the next ensuing Day not being a Sunday, Christmas Day or Good Friday, or a Day appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fast or Thanksgiving) to cause such Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be duly entered at the Custom House, or other proper Revenue Office, and thereupon to give Security according to Law for the Payment of the Duties to which the same shall be subject.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels arriving Goods bonded, in the said Inner Dock shall be cleared and discharged with all and prohibited convenient Speed, and all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported ^"o in private Trade, which shall be landed therefrom, and which shall ta(t India ombe bonded by the said United Company as aforesaid, or otherwise pony's Ware-howsoever, and which are prohibited Goods, shall, without Loss of houses.

Time (unless the contrary shall be ordered by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, as herein after mentioned), be sent to and deposited in the Ware-houses of the said United Company* who shall account to the said East India Dock Company for the Rates and Duties payable to them in respect of the same 5 and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be sold under the Order and Authority of the Court of 'Directors of the said United Company, on Account of the proper Owners thereof, and the Duties of Customs and Excise, and the Rates, Charges and Expences payable to the said East India Dock Company, in respect of the same, shall be deduced and paid to the proper Officers of His Majesty's Revenue, and to the said East India Dock Company, their Receivers or Collectors, by the said United Company: Provided always, that the said United Company Application of shall not be or be deemed liable to the Payment of any Freight for Proceeds of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, so deposited in their Ware- Goods sold at houses, beyond the nett Proceeds of such Goods, Wares and Mer- Com*

chandize, on such Sale as aforesaid, after retaining and defraying P*0*s a es* the Warehouse Rent, Coils and Charges of Landing, Sale and Management, the Dock Dues and Duties payable to His Majesty in respect thereof; and the Mailer and Owner or Owners of any Vessel from which any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been landed, shall have the same Lien upon such nett Proceeds of stich Goods, Wares and Merchandize, for the Freight thereof, as they shall have been entitled to upon the same Goods, Wares and Merchandize, before the landing thereof, or if he or they shall give Notice in Writing of his or their Claim to Lien before such nett Proceeds shall have been paid over to the Consignees or Owners of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said United Company Com-

shall, and they are hereby required at their own proper Colls and pany to remove Charges, to provide proper and sufficient Caravans or Carriages, Goods as soon Lighters or Craft, with sufficient Servants or Workmen ready to as landed, remove or carry away any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, to be deposited in their Warehouses when and as soon as the same shall be landed in the Discharge of any Ship or Vessel in the said Inner Dock, and to cause all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize to be forthwith removed and carried away accordingly.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares or Goods, if uot Merchandize imported in Private Trade and on which the Duties of taken away on 54 GEO. III. 4 C Customs

1122

C. ccxxviii.

Unding, ware* housed.

Prpviso.

Goods landed under Provision* of Act subjt& to Claims for Freight.

Part of Goods fold (after Three Months) by Public Auction, to pay Charges, and Remainder delivered.

53 0.3- c. IJ5-

54° GEO. III. AJ). 1814.

Cuiloms and Excise shall be fully paid, shall not i^hen and as fbon at the same shall be landed in the Discharge of any Ship or Vessel in the said Inner Dock, be forthwith carried away by the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Conhgnees thereof, and all the Rates and Duties payable to the said East India Dock Company in respea thereof fully discharged, then and in every or any such case it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers of the said East India Dock Company as shall be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, to cause such Goods, Wares and Merchandize to be forthwith housed in the Warehouses of the said East India Dock Company: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed 10 extend, to authorize the housing of any Goods, War^s or Merchandize, in any Warehouses to be erected under the Authority of this Act, the Duties payable to the Customs and Excise in respect of which shall not have been fully discharged, unless the same shall be ordered to be housed in the said Warehouses by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, in manner herein after mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Wares or Merchandize, landed and warehoused under the srovisions of this Act shall when fb landed and warehoused, continue and be subject or liable to such and the same Claim for freight in favour of the Matter and Owner or Owners of the respective Ships or Vesseb from or out of which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize (haD be so landed and warehoused, as lpch Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively were subject and liable to whiltt the same were on board such Ships or Vessels, and before the landing thereof; and the Directors of the said United Company and the said Eqfi India Dock Company respectively, or their respective Servants or Agents, #ull and may, and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required, upon due Notice in that behalf given to them by such Matter or Matters, or Owner or Owners, to detain and keep such Goods, Wares and Merchandize in the Warehouses aforesaid respectively, until the respective Freights to which the same shall be fi&jcft and liable as aforesaid shall oe duly paid or fedshed, together with the Rates and Charges to which the same shall have become subject and liable.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be delivered or landed from any Ship or Vefid, and warehoused by the East India Dock Company, under the Pm-visions of this Act, and the Rates and Duties due to the same Company in respect thereof^ shall not have been fully discharged, k shall be lawful for the said East India Dock Company, as and when they shall think proper, after the Expiration of Three Months from the Report of the Ship in which the same shall have been imported* to cause such Part thereof as shall be fuiScient for that Purpose to be sold by Public Sale, and the said Rates and Duties due in respect thereof, and to accrue due, by being warehoused and kept by the said EM India Dock Company, thereby paid, and to cause the other Part of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize to he delivered to the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees thereof respectivelj j any thing in the said recited Acts, or aby of them, or in the fad Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

±X A*!

C. CCXXvifi.

A.D. 1814.

J4° GEO. III.

1123

XX. And Whereas it is expedient that the times appointed by 4^ G. 3. c.cim.

the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His cd

present Majesty, for opening the Gates and Doors of the said JJock. U

Docks, Quays and Wharfs for Business, should not apply to the said Outer Dock; 9 Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as regulates the times of opening and (hutting the Gates and Doors of the said Outer Dock (when the same shall be walled round) shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that the said Gates and

Doors shall, after the passing of this Act, on and from the First Day Hours of Buts-of March to the First Day of November inclusive, in every Year, 'n °utcr be opened for Business at the Hour of Six in the Morning, and Doc*continue open until and be (hut at the Hour of Seven in the Afternoon, and continue so (hut until the Hour of Six in the Morning; and from the First Day of November to the First Day of March in every Year, the Gates and Doors of the said Outer Dock shall be opened for Business at the Hour of Seven in the Morning, and shall continue open until and be (hut at the Hour of Five in the Afternoon, and continue so (hut until the Hour of Seven in the Morning; Dinner lim# and that One Hour in every Day be appointed, from time to time by the said Directors of the said Eqfi India pock Company, or any Five or more of them, for pinner, during which time no Business shall be transacted in the said Outer Dock: Provided always, that Proviso fer nothing herein contained shall in any wise invalidate or affect the 3. Power by the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His*a7' present Majesty, given to the Lora High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to alter and change the time or times by the said recited Act or this Act appointed for opening and (hutting the Gates and Doors of the said Docks, Wharfs and Quays, or any of them, or of transacting Business in the said Docks, or in the Wharfs, Quays or Warehouses thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited 46 G. 3. c. cxiJL Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as §17-in part enacts that all the Gates and Doors of Rich of the said Docks, Quays repealed, and Wharfs, as should be inclosed by the Wall or Walls, Gate or Gates, should be under the joint Locks of the said East India Dock Company, and of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Exact, or their respective Officers, shall so far only as respect9 the said Outer Dock and Bason, and the Wharfs and Quays adjoining thereto, be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act 46 c.csrn. of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as

enacts that no Person whatsoever shall be permitted to remain within 'I*1 such Part of the said Docks, Quays and Premises, as are to be in-doled within a Wall or Walls during any Part of such Hours and Times respectively, as the same are thereby directed to be kept (hut up and locked, shall so far only as respects the said Outer Dock be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Dock Mailer ap- Powsn of pointed by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall Dock Mate* nave full Power and Authority to order all Ships and VeflHa entering

the said Docks, Basons, or any of them, to be dismantled in such manner at he may think proper and Me for the Vessels entering

C. crxxviii.

54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

the Locks and Basons, and for the Prevention of Accident or Mif-chief to other Ships or Vessels or the said Docks and Basons, and during the , time of every Ship's Deliver), or when discharged of Cargo, to have such Quantity of Ballast on board, or dead Weight in her Hold, as he may judge requisite for such Ship or Vessel; and no Ship or Vessel shall be allowed to enter the said Docks, Basons, Or any of them, unless Ihe shall be so dismantled, and shall not lx unladen so far as to render her insecure through the Want of Weight in her Hold, or such Quantity of Ballast on board as the said Dock Master may deem proper and expedient; and every such Dod Mailer shall also have full Power and Authority to give Direoioni for linking Yards and Mails, and to have substantiS Haulers ind Tow Lines, and Fasts to the Mooring Pofti, and also to regulate the Equipment, Rigging and Lading of all Ships and Vessels in the said Docks, or either of them, as he mall think necessary, and in calc 1 he shall judge any Act or Proceeding in the Rigging, Lading oc Equipping of any Ship or Vessel injurious to the Safety of such Ship or Vessel, or to other Ships or Vessels in the said Dock, cr ' to the said Docks or Works, to give Notice to the Master or other i Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, to Matters, 8tc. of discontinue and alter the same; and in case such Master or other 1 Ships not attend. Person shall not, according to such Direction, suspend or alter such ing to Direction! Act or Proceeding immediately after Notice given to him or then of Dock Master. jn Writing, or left with some Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, every such Master or other Person, having the Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall, for every such Penalty. Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds,

and the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall also be answerable for all the Injury that may be sustained by any other Ships or Vessels or by the said East India Dock Company, through Neglect thereof. 4

Parses, &c. in

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ak Dock under Barges, Lighters, Craft and Boats in the said Docks or Basons, or

Contr ntl of any Of them, shall be under the Command and Contronl of the

Dock Matter. Dock Mailer and his Assistants as to the time or times of going into and going out of the lame, and their Position or Situation withis the said Docks or Basons, and io all other respects whatever; and every Person disobeying or neglect in? to obey any Order a 4 Orders of the said Dock Mailer or his Assistants relating to asy Penalty. Barge, lighter, Craft or Boat, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit 1

and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

La fears hot to

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Lascars shall he allowed remain on board to be on board any Ship or Vessel in the said Docks or Basons, or any of them, except when such Ship or Vessel is coming in orge*£ out, or preparing to go out of the Bason or Outer Dock, and 00 such Lascars shall in any case be on board any Ship or Vessel but between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Five in the After* noon, for the Purposes of equipping or preparing her Rigging, previous to her failing from the said Docks.

N...

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or PffloK

Docks/03 m whosoever, shall throw, cast or put away or walh any BaM, End,

Dull, Allies, Dirt, Stones or other Things whatsoever, from nr, Ships , Lighters or Craft, or from any Wharf or Quay, or others* scow.foe'W'T. into any Do'*b or Docks, Bason or Basons, Entnsce

[assorted junk removed.]

A.D. 1814. 54r GEO. III. C. ccxxviif. 112: 5

or Entrances, or into or upon any other of the Works made and to be made in pursuance" of the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Prejudice thereof, or do any other Annoyance to the same respectively, or any Part thereof, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Penalty. Pounds.

XXVII. And, for more effectually preventing Accidents by Fire Smnaking in the said Docks and Dock Premises, be it further enacted, That if Tobacco, fcc. any Person whosoever shall smoke Tobacco, or any other Herb or Herbs within any of the said Docks, Basons or other Works or Warehouses, or on board any Ship or Vessel in such Docks or Basons respectively, at any time or times whatsoever, the Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not ex- Penalty, ceeding Five Pounds.

XXVIII. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty £3 ('*3* c'cxxv*>

third Year of His present Majesty, it is enacted, that if any Master*7<3'

4 or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship,

lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, should permit or fttffer any Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Turpentine, Oil,

Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood or other Combustible Matter or Thing to be or remain upon the Deck of the

Ship, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel under his Charge or

Command, in the said Docks or Basons, or any of them above the

Space of Twelve Hours after such Ship, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel should have entered the said Docks or Basons, or any i of them, then and in every such case every such Master and other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship, lighter,

4 Barge, Boat or other Vessel so offending, should forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds: And Whereas it is expedient that

more effectual Provision should be made for preventing the Mischiefs thereby intended to be provided against; Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said last mentioned Act as relates to in P* repaled.

the Removal of the said Combustible Matters, and the Penalties for

Noncompliance with the Directions of the said Act in that behalf,

shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners CombuftiMe* to of or the Person or Persons in or to whose Custody or Charge any removci Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease,

Shavings of Wood or any other Combustible Matter whatsoever, shall be entrusted, shall permit or suffer the same, or any of them, or any Part thereof respectively to be and remain on the Quays or Wharfs aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel in the said Basons or Docks, Cuts or other Works, or any of them, above the Space of One Hour after he or they shall have been required by the Dock Master or Dock Matters to take away or remove the same therefrom, then and in every such case every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay, at the Discretion of the Justice or penalty.

Justices who shall take Cognizance thereof, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than the Sum of Five Pounds, for every Hour such Tar, Pitch, Roffn, Hemp, Flax, Faggot*, Turze, JBrandy 4 C 3 ' or

C. ccxxviii.

1x26

54°QEa m.

A.D. 1814.

Owner*, See. of Cui)buttitks, or

Matter, Ac. of Ship, Stc. to maintain Persons to guard Corabuftibles.

or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, 03, Hay, Straw, TaDow, Grease, Shavings of Wood or any other Combustible Matter, or any of them, or any Part thereof, /half be or remain in the Place or Situation aforesaid, after the Expiration of the said Hoar, such Honr to be computed from the time of such Requisition; and in every iodide the Owner or Owners of or other Person or Persons in or to whole Custody or Charge any such Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Fag* gots, Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, 63, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood or other Combof-tible Matter, shall be or be intruded, if the same respectively shall be or be lying on the Laid Quays or Wharfs, or any of them; or the Mader or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship, lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel in the Dock of which the fane respectively shall be or be lying, shall at their own Colts and Experces respectively maintain a sufficient Number of careful and sober Persons to be in that behalf appointed by the said Dock Mailer or Dock Maders to guard and watch over such several Article! or other Combudible Matters as aforesaid, from or after the malting of such Requisition, until the same respectively lhafl be amovedj and in case any such Owner, Mader or other Person or Persons as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay on Demand such Costs and Expences, then and in such case such Costs and Expences shall and may be raised, levied and recovered in like manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture may be raised, levied and recovered by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act.

No comburtiiile

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Matter melted on Turpentine, Oil or other Combudible Matter shall at any time be-sec hi Dock'&c' a^ter ke boiled or heated by any Device or Means whatsoever 00 board any Ship or other Vessel, lighter, Craft or Boat lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, or Cuts or other Work, or any of them, nor in any Place or Places within the said Dock, Premises or Cuts, except in such Place or Places and in such manner as shall be specially appointed by the said Directors, or any Site or - more of them, for that Purpose; nor shall any Gunpowder or loided Gun whatever be brought into the said Docks, Basons or Cuts, or be Altered to remain on board any Ship or any other Vessel, upon ft* that every Mader, Commander or Owner of every Ship or Vessel h o(Fending, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXXI. And Whereas it is necessary to make further ProviBoa

for securing the Hatches of Ships or Vesseb arriving from the

East Indiet; Be it therefore further enacted, That upon the Arrival of every Ship in the Port of London, either laden or in Put bda With the Produce of any Place or Places within the Limits of the

Jrnt ro Revenue jgnj} fnjja Company's Charter, the Officer of the Cudomi at ftnr* r*r fend (if the Measure has not been adopted at any Port at which the Ship might have previously touched, and which the Officers at (bch Ports are especially authorised and required to do) shall fee that the Hatches of every Part leading to where any Part of the Cargo a flowed, be fecufed by diffident Bart, and proper Locks and ten, and the Seals of their Office, and that the Leys, with an Imprtfw of the Seal, be sent up to the principal Officer of the Revenue* the Safe India Dock, who shall examine the same previous to m Delivery1 of Cargo on her Arrival in the Etf frdk Dock, m

ok

Penalty,

Hutches of

Ships barred, &c. and Keys

Officers at Pocks.,

L i

USi

jfos'* ia

afcjjiJ

; rt,

rjiiJs'

; ?r [t

n£jJ feS;

v, Jss'

: r

i*

yj

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III. <?, ccixviii. 1127

who, on being satisfied of the Seals being unbroken, or that the Hatches have not been removed, may authorize the unlading the Ship or Vessel.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel en- Ship* in Private gaged in private Trade, under the Authority of the said Act of the>ade not to un« Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, shall be unladen after en- havin^depositH tering the said Docks, Basons, or any of them, after a Voyage, until Maniiert. the Master or other Person having the Command of such ohip or Vessel shall have made out and exhibited a true and perfect'Manifest of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel, containing the Names of the Owners or Consignees thereof respectively, and shall have transrtiitted the same to the principal Dock Master of the said East India Dock Company.

XXXIlt. And be it further enacted, That during the unloading Officers of Ship* of all Ships or Vesseta employed in Private Trade in the said Docks board during Two or more of the established Officers of every such Ship or Vessel 0

shall attend and be on board during the unloading thereof and ^eP.f3«y#d.°* Account of the Cargo delivered in the Gangway Book, or other Book to be provided for that Purpose, and the Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall be responsible for the due Delivery of all Goods laden, or conilituting Part of her Manifest, and that in case any Injury shall have been occasioned to any Part of the Cargo from either Sea or Ship Damage, the Cargo or Part thereof so injured shall be fnrveyed before it be removed, in order to ascertain the Cause and Extent of the Injury before the Goods be delivered or warehoused, and that the Award of the principal Officers of the Dock and of the Ship, and any One Person on the Part of the Consignees, or any Three of them, shall be decisive and final on all the said Parties.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Private Ship and Ships from Cape other Vessel arriving or coming from the Cape of Good Hope, or from °{ any Place or Places within the Limits of the East India Company's or

Charter, where Private Ships are authorized to trade and to fail from mnwd Cargoes, with Cargoes confiding wholly or in part of the Produce of any ro land East India Place or Races within the Limits of the East India Company's Char- Produce hi ter into the Port of London (excepting such as are employed in the Dock*

Whale Fishery), ihaH be deemed a Ship or Vessel arriving or coming from the East Indies or China with Cargoes of Produce therefrom, within the Purview and Intent of the said recited Acts and this Act; and every such Ship or Vessel, and the Person or Persons having the Charge or Command thereof, shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures as all Ships or Vessels arriving or coming from any Part of the Rad Indies or China into the River Thanes, with Cargoes of Produce from the E($ Indies or Chinat are by the said recited Acts and this Act subject or liable to; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided Provisi* always nevertheless, that every such Ship or Vessel from the Cape of Good Hope^ having a mixed Cargo, confiding partly of the Product of the Cape of Good Hope % and partly of the Produce of any Place or Places within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, shall be subject only to be charged and chargeable with the Rates and Duties payable to the said Eq/t India Dock Company, according to the Tonnage of such la ft. mentioned Produce only, and not according to the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, and shall be constrained to unload and diutaege in the hud East India Docks such Part only

c 4

1128

SKps from Cape o! Good Hope'ir'» Wine to land fjme hi Luclon Docks.

New Rater.

43 O. 3. c cxxr. §91-

Company authorized to take Rates specified in Schedule for Warehousing* Ac. Goods imported* and Wharfage, Sec. of Good; exported.

C. ccxxviii. 54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

of her Cargo as shall consist of such last mentioned Produce as aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Ship or Vessel arriving or coming from the Cape of Good Nope, or from any Place or Places within the Limits of the East India Company^ Charter, with partial Cargoes of Wine the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope, not being less than Twenty Pipes, or a Quantity equal to Twenty Pipes, shall after such Part of the Cargo thereof reflectively as shall be to be unladen in the Eqfl India Docks shall have been discharged, unload or discharge such Wines in the London Docks, and shall be charged and chargeable with the Rates and Duties payable to the London Dock Company, in respect of the Tonnage of Ships or Vessels only, according to the Tonnage of the Wines so to be unladen in the said London Docks.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of the additional Coils, Charges and Expences of making and maintaining the said Docks, Wharf, Quays and Warehouses and of the requisite Establishment of Officers, Labourers and Workmen in and about the same, it shall be lawful for the said Eqfl India Dock Company to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, to and for their own Use and Benefit, from the Mailer or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, or by the Owner or Owners thereof, and of and from the Owner or Owners, Con fig nee or Consignee8 of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively, above and in addition to the Rates granted and specified in the said recited Acts, and each of them, the several Rates herein after mentioned and referred to 5 that is to say

For every Ship or Vessel which shall have been unloaded in the kid Do^ksr: and shall continue in the like Dock for more than Six Months frota th^ time of being unloacted, the Sum of One Halfpenny per Ton (by Measurement) per Week, for every Week which such Ship or Vessel, shall remain in the said Docks beyond the said Six Months after being ualoa^efl:

For every Ship or Vessel engaged in Private Trade, loading outwards in the said Docks, not having been before to the Eqfl Indies, or not having upon her la(l or only Arrival therefrom unloaded inwards in the fiyjd Docks, such Rates as the said Directors of the Eqfl India Dock Company, or any Five of them, shall thiok reasona-able, not exceeding Four Shillings per Ton, to be paid before such Ship or Vessel shall depart from the said Docks:

And for Landing, Wharfage, Warehousing, Care and Custody of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other incidental Charges for and upon all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported in Private Trade, which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be landed and deposited in the said Eqfl India Docks, and for the Wharfage, Warehousing, Care, Custody, and other incidental Expences of Goods, Wares and Merchandize to be exported after the passing of this Act, from the said Eqfl India Docks, such Rafts and Charges as to the Directors of the said Eqfl India Dock Company, or any Five or more of them, shall, from time to time, appear reasonable and proper, not exceeding the several Rates and Charges in the Schedules annexed to this Act specified and set forth; and the said Schedules, and all Rules, Regulations, Directions, Provisions, Matters and Things therein contained, shall be deemed and taken to be and construed

A.D. 1814.

C. ccxxviii.

xi 29

[junk removed.]

54- Geo. m.

as Part of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were severally and respectively enacted and contained in the Body of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Company aurho-

the said Directors of the said East India Dock Company or any Five mfd rel"ce r.r y, 1 r 7 \ r and revive Rate*,

or more of them, trom time to time, to reduce, alter, vary or discon-

tinue any of such last mentioned Rates or Charges, and also at any time thereafter, from time to time, again to revive, raise or advance all or any of such Rates or Charges, in such manner, either in the Whole or in Part, and in such Proportion, and as to such Articles of Charge, as to them shall seem expedient and proper, so as that the said Rates and Charges, when so advanced, shall in no case exceed the several Rates and Charges specified and set forth in the said Schedules to this Act annexed: Provided always, that when any of such Rates or Charges shall be so reduced, altered, varied or discontinued, revived, raised or advanced as aforesaid, Table and a Notice thereof shall be put up at some conspicuous Place at and in the said Docks, so as that the same may at all times when the said Docks arc open be inspected by all Persons interested therein; any thing in any Act or Acts relating to the said East India Dock Company to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Return when Vessel engaged in Private Trade, having unloaded her Cargo in the Ship*are n<* said Docks, shall remove from the said Docks before loading any ^!lJ0*ded, n Cargo Outwards, and shall not load any Cargo Outwards in the said Docks, there shall be allowed and returned in respect thereof, whether the same shall be again bound to India or not, the Sum of Two Shillings per Ton, and no more, out of every Twelve Shillings, or Fourteen Shillings respectively, made payable by the said recited Acts, and shall be repaid within One Month after such Ship or Vessid shall be removed from the Docks.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Rates and 8ons of Rjteshowre-Money hereby granted and allowed to be taken by or for the Use of covered and ap-the said East India Dock Company, shall be payable, received and rl, ed' recovered in the manner specified in the said recited Act of the Fortr

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and that all fuen Rates and Sums of Money as shall be collected or received by the said East India Dock Company, by virtue of this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in manner directed by the said recited Acts and this Act, for carrying the several Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the NottoafTe# Owners and Commanders of all Private Ships and Vessels, loading Liability of or unloading in the said East India Docks, shall be answerable and Owners of Pri-liable to the Owners and Proprietors of the Goods, Wares and vateSb, F* Merchandize to be exported or imported therein, for the due Stowage and Delivery of their Cargoes, according to the true Intent and Meaning of any Contracts, Charter Parties or Agreements, at any time mime or entered into, or to be made or entered into, by and between the said Owners and Commanders respectively, and the Owners or Proprietors, in like manner as if the said Ships and Vessels had continued to be loaded and unloaded in manner heretofore accustomed, and as if this Act had not been made.

ky

1130

Lords of Treasury mav make Orders for faci-litoti* c Business at Docks.

CoAs of A

Ind&mcnci preferred bf Company against Per tons dealing, Ac. Goods, &c.

C. ccxxviiL 54p GEO. III. AJX i8iv

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord! CommSosm of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Thtee or more of them, shall, and they are hereby anthonaed and empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to make and issue such Orim, Directions and Regulations as they fhaM from time to tune deem necessary or expedient, in respect to the Admission ef Barges, Lighten md Craft into the said Docks, also in respect of the paeking, securing, iearching, examining, removing and warehou&ng all or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Produce of aoy Place or Placet within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, and for facUitatjig the Bu fine is to be trail ladled at thy said East India Docks in the landing or loading any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, to be removed from or conveyed to any Ship or Vessel, Barge, Lighter or Craft, at or in the said Docks, or in the Transtt of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize to or from any Warehouse or other Place; and all and every such Orders, Directions and Regulations shall be observed and performed by ftfech United Company and lt$ hit Dock Company respectively, and all other Persons whosdbever; and all Rates or Sums of Money thereby directed to be paid to the said East India Dock Company for any thing to he done by them in pursuance of such Orders, Directions or Regulation*, Hull and may be taken, recovered and applied in the dune manner a the Rates made payable to them by virtue of this Act; any thing in the said recited Acts of the Forty third and Forty fifth Yean of His present Majesty, or this Act contained to the coatnry in my wise notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said DbeAm U pay and discharge all the Costs and Charges of obtaining and ptfitt this Act out of any of the Monies already subscribed, borrows or received, or to be subscrifeed, borrowed or received, by wtmor in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or say of them-

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and tier the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said East /a&Dock Company, and they are hereby empowered to prefer any IodtAaert or Indidinesto against any Person or Persons frloaioufiy taking, (healing or embezzling any Goods, Chattels or Property of or few longing to the foidr Company, or any Goods, Chattels or Property in their Custody or Pofie&on, or in the Custody or PofleSoa ol up Officer or Servant of the hid Company, or Officer of Custoqu*Excise for and oa Behalf of the find Company, or of any other Perfat Having deposited such Goods, Chattels or Property in the Cue m Custody of the find Company, or their Officers or Scnasa, or in or an any of the Wharfs, Warehousea or Pretaifrs belonging to the said Company, for the safe Custody of which Gootb, Warn and Merchandize, the said East India Dock Company ate by Liw accountable; and in all such Indidmente such Goods, Gbatteli sal Property may be laid and dated to be the Goods, Chattels and Pi* perty of the fold East India Dock Company, and that the tune wot fekmiously ftokn or embezaled from the fold East India Dock Com pony, and it shall be sufficient on any such Indiftmcat to prose that such Goods, Chattels and Property were, at the time of the fekmiously taking or dealing, or embezaung thereof, in or oa any of the Wharfs, Warehouses or Fremi&s belonging to the said Coapiaf, or iirthe Castody or Possession of any Officer or Servant of thejhd

16 Compaiy,

i AJX 1814.

C.ccxxriiu

JC !^>3J c iSiJI gM

54° GEO. III.

H$«

Company, or Officer of Customs or Excise, for or on behalf of the said Company, or of any Person or Person9, or Body Corporate or Politic, having deposited the same with the said Company without any other Proof ot Property.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Act.

and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Indices and others, without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

OF Rates to be charged at the East India Docks on Goods imported by private Merchants from the East Indies, and which are not upon being landed font to the East India Company's Ware* houses.

The following are the Rates of Tonnage, according to the Usage of the East India Company, of the principal Articles (Piece Goods excepted) imported in the Company's Ships, and which, by the Acts of 43 and 46 George III., were those upon which the Duties and Rates to the East India Dock Company were appointed to be paid.

Aloes - Cwt. 16 Cafiia Lignea - Cwt. 8

Ammoniac urn - 16 Cafiia Filtula 10

Aflafcetida - - 20 Cocque dc Pearl 20

Alum - 20 Cambogium or Gamboge - 20

Arangoes - 20 Cinabar - 16

Ambergris.- 20 Cake Lac 16

Arsenic - 20 Cochineal 20

Arrow Root - 16 Chcrong - 20

Auuotto - 20 Chaffum 10

Annifeed16 Cloves ... 12

Barilla - 20 Columbo Root 16

Borax*- 20 Cummin Seed 8

Borax unrefined. or Tincal - 16 Cinnamon 6

Buffalo Horns.- 16 Coral (Rough) 20

B'dellium.- 16 Clove Bark 8

Bamboo Reeds 3, 000, equal Ceylon Stones 20

to.- 16 Canes 3, 000, equal to 16

Books _ - 20 China Root 11

Bark.- 8 Colocynth -.8

Beetle Nut - 20 Cocoa ... 12

Cardemoms*> 12 Cubebs 16

Carmenia Wool10 Dragons' Blood 20

Camphor .*>5 Dates ... 20

Cassia Buds - - 12 Elephants' Teeth 16

Cowries - 20 Ebony 20

Cosset - 18 Foffil Alkali 20

CoculuS Indicus , - 16 Galbanum 16

Cideric Stuff - - 16 Green Ginger 20

Cutch or Tan Japonic -7 Gaffing*.12

Galls

C. CCIXTlil,

GEO. in,

A.D. 1814.

54°

Galls - - Cwt. 20

Gum Arabic

- Animi

- Trajacant

- Copal J 16

--Mastic

- Lack

- Elemie Myrrh

Benjamin - 20

Olibanum 18

Ginger - 16

Gram.20

Hartall', 20

King'sYellow and Orpiment 20

Long Pepper - 12

Lac Lake.16

Mace - -.8

Mother o'Pearl.20

Mirabolans - 20

Nutmegs - l5

Nux Vomica - 15

Opium - - M

Pepper - 16

Paddy - 20

Pimento - 16

Puree.8

Rattans, 6, 000, equal to - 16

Rhubarb.8

Rice -.20

Raw Silk in Chests -.8

- in Bales.IC

Red Wood - 20

Red Earth.20

Shellapk and Sticklack.16

Seedlack.18

Succades.20

Sugar - 20

- Candy - 20

Squiiianthum - 16

Sago - 16

Senna Cwt. 8

Sagepanum Sal Ammoniac - 1$ - 16

Sealing Wax 20

Safflower - H

Saffron 14

Saltpetre - 20

Sea Shells (Rough) 20

Soap - 20

Sandal and Sapan Wood 20

Tamarinds - 20

Tobacco - - 20

T urmeric - l6

Talc - - - 20

Tortoise Shell - 20

Tutenage - 20

Unrated Drugs - - 16

Wood 20

Whangees 6, oooof equal to - 16

Zedoria 23

Arrack, Soy, 1 Wines, &c. 3 Gallons 25 2

Cornelians Castor Oil, in Cases China Ware -Cotton Wool

Hemp Hides, in Bales Indigo - Cub. Feet. } 50

Indian Ink Lackered Ware Madder Root and j

Munjeet Muik Paut or Sunn

Bale Goods of Calicoes, Muilms,

Nankeen Cloth, &c. Cub.

Feet 40*

The Tonnage of these Articles is estimated by the East India Company at a certain Number of Pieces; but the Packages being unopened by the Dock Company, the measured Ton at the London Docks is adopted instead of the Number of Pieces.

RATES payable on all Imports by private Ships (the Goods not being lent to the East India Company's Warehouses) will he charged according to the preceding Scale of Tonnage.

/ d*

For Housing -.- 1 8 per Ton

- Weighing - - -18.

- Unhoufing and Loading in Carts, See. 2 o

- Transferring - - -03

- Rent of Goods (excepting Wood)

whilst on the Wharf - -03 per Too per Week.

- Rent of Wood whilst en the Wharf o 2

And

C. ccxxviii.

A.D. 1814. 54° GEO. III.

And on Goods warehoused at the Docks, the Rent will be charged as expressed by the following Tables

TABLE I. — Goods at is. per Ton per Week.

Ambergris.

Bark. '

Cardemoms.

Camphor.

Cassia Lignea and Buds.

Cornelians. Cambay and Ceylon Stones Coffee and Cocoa.

Cocque de Pearl.

Cochineal.

Cloves.

Columbo Root.

Cinnamon.

Coral.

Cake Lac, or Lac Dye, ift Sort Castor Oil.

China Ware.

Cambogium or Gamboge.

TABLE II. — Goods at gd. per Ton per Week

Dragons' Blood. Elephants' Teeth.

Indian Ink.

Indigo.

Lackered Ware.

Mace.

Mother o'Pearl.

Muslins and fine Calicoes. Munjeet.

Musk.

Nutmegs.

Puree.

Raw Silk.

Sal Ammoniac.

Shellack.

Seedlack.

Sealing Wax.

Tortoise Shell.

Aloes. Gums, rated at 16 Cwt. as per

Ammoniacum. Lift.

Affafcetida. Galls.

Arsenic. Hart all.

Arrangoes. Hides, Ox, or of large Size, 80

Arrow RoOt. to be considered a Ton.

Annotto. King's Yellow and Orpiment.

Anniseed. Lac Lake.

Borax. Madder Root.

Books. Nux Vomica.

Beetle Nut. Opium.

Bees' Wax. Pimento.

Bamboo Reeds. Rattans.

Carmen ia Wool. Rhubarbs

Cinabar. Skins, Deer, Sheep, Seal, &c.

Canes. 400 to be considered a Ton.

Coculus Indicus. Sugar Candy.

Cutch or Terra Japonica. Senna.

Cummin Seed. Sago.

Clove Bark. Safflower and Saffron.

China Root. Tamarinds.

Coarse Calicoes. Turmeric.

Galanga Root or Gallingal. Talc.

Galbanum. Unrated Drugs.

Ginger. Whangees.

TABLE III. — Goods at 6d. per Ton per Week.

Alum. Mirabolans.

Borax unrefined, or Tincal. Buffalo Horns.

Cotton Wool.

Cowries.

Hemp or Sunn.

Long Pepper.

Pepper.

Red Earth. Sugar. Saltpetre. Soap.

TABLE

*33

C. CCXXviii.

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

1*34

TABLE IV — Goodsat +3. per Ton per Week.

Gram. I Rice.

Kelp, Barilla or Alkali. I Sea Shells (Rough).

Paddy. Tutenague and Block Tin.

TABLE V. Goods at 2d. per Ton per Week.

Wood of all Sorts.

N.B. Articles not enumerated in the foregoing Schedule wiM be charged according to their Bulk or Weight and Value.

Articles (hot loose in the Ship will be subjeffc to m Rateuf One Shilling per Ton for collecting and packing independent of the^Charge for Packages, Cooperage or sewing up.

The East India Dock Company not to be liable for Loft of Weight, Damage or Deficiency, should the Packages be delivered in the lame Order and Condition as received, unless it can be fetisfacto» rily ascertained to have arisen from Neglect or Mismanagementin their Officers or Servants.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Op Rates for Goods exported from the East India Dock Wharfs, independent of the Charge for Jading the mon board Ship, the same being already provided for by the Acts 43 and 46 GEO. III. c. 126. and 113., when Goods mad Stores are brought alongside the respective Vesseb.

N.B. — The weighable Goods ace to be calrulated «t -soCwt to the Too, and the mrefimhle thrii at

40 Square Feet to die Ton.

h 4 1 I

C O 33 |S «s> § u: & m

\ X c u

0s

t. d. i. 1 d. /. "d. /. i.

Anchors and Grapnels Loose - w. 0 3 1 % 1 8

Axletrees or other large 7 Ironmongery,) Ditto - w. — 0 3 1 8 1 8

BaSgag* TnmksorBundks M. 2 6 I 0 2 6 s

Beef and Pork - < 8 Barrels or 6] Tierces housedj \ W. i 8 0 6 1 8 1 8

I On the Wharf* w. 0 3 1 - 1 8

Beer. See Liquids. Bread - Bags or Calks w. 1 8 1 0 X*t 8

Bellows for Forges Loose - m M. 1 8 I 0 1 8 1 8

Blocks - Ditto M. 1 8 0 6 1 8 1 8

Bird Shot Kegs -Cales W. 1 8 0 6 t 8 t 8

Boots and Shoes - M. I 8 I 0 1 8 1 8

Bottles Calks or Cases M. 1 8 2 0 1 8 1 8

Braziery - Cases - M. 1 8 O 6 x 8 L 8

Bulgar Hides Bales - M. 1 8 I 0 1 8 1 8

Buntin -[Cabinet Ware Cases M. 1 8 O .6 1 8 1 8

Ditto - M. 1 8 O 6: li 8 "i 8

A.D. 1 &14.

54° GEO. III. C. ccxxviii.

s i 32 5° A V & 1 '

l| $* 3 0 E 1

/..d. x. d. x. d. X. d.

Cables - Loose -.w. 1 8 1 0 1 8 I 8

Canvas and other Sail Cloth Bales.M. 1 8 1 0 1 8 1 8

Carpets ... Ditto. M. 1 - 8 1 0 r 8 1 8

Cartridge Paper - - Cases - M. 1 8 0 6 1 8 1 8

Carriages, Coaches, Cha-? riots, Phaetons, &c. - j Cases or loose - M. 1 8 0 6 1 8 x 8

Carriage Fuvnkure Cases.M. 1 8 0 6 1 8 1 8

Chalk - Loose._ W. O 3 1 8 1 8

Coals ... Ditto W. 0 3 1 8 1 -8

Coal Tar Calks.__ W. - 0 3 1 8 1 81

Clocks ... Cases. M. 8 1 0 1 8 1 8

Cochineal Calks. W. 8 1 0 1 8 1 8 1

Confe&ionerr Cases. M. 8 0 6 1 8 1 8

Copper in Plates - Loose. W. 8 0 6 1 8 1 8

- Sheathing Cases.Loose.Cases - W. W. w. 8 8 8 0 6 6 6 1 8 1 8 1 8 x 8 1 8 1 8

> Bottoms - - 0 0

Loose

and Pots - J - w. — 0 3 1 8 1 8

Coral.- - Cases M. 8 I 0 x 8 1 8

Cordage - Coils.w. 8 1 0 1 8 1 8

Corks - Bags -.M. 8 0 6 1 8 1 8

Corn and Grain - Ditto.M. 8 I 0 4 8 1 8

Cutlery and Hardware Cases or Calks.M. 8 0 6 1 8 1 8

Cloth and Cuttings Cyder and Perry. See Bales - M. 8 I .0 1 .8 t 8

Liquids. 1 8

Dru« -Earthenware Cases or Calks.M. 8 0 6 x 8

Crates or Calks.M. 8 0 -6 1 8 1 8

Feathers Cases M. 8 0 6 1 8 1 8

Fare Engines Ditto. M. 8 I , 0 1 8 1 8

Furniture Packages.M. 8 0 6 1 e 1 8

Flour - Calks.W. 8 0 6 1 8 X 8

Floor Cloth -- Packages.M. 8 0 6 1 8 1 8

Fsrs.-.Cases -, M. 8 0 6 x 8 x 8

Ginseng*Glass Ware Cases or Calks.W. 8 2 0 1 8 1 8

Cases -.M. 8 O 6 x 8 1 8.:

i Window Ditto -.W. 8 O 16 1 8 x .8

; Common Looking) Claires .'-J Ditto - - M. 8 0 6 1 8 18

- dreads Cases or Calks.W. .8 0 6 1 8 1 8

Orindstones - - Loose - W. 0 3 x 8 l 8

Grocery ... Haberilhery and MiHinery Packages Cases - - w. M. 8 8 0 1 6 0 x 8 1 8 1 8 .1 B

Hats.Cases or Calks M. 8 0 6 1 8 1 3

Hides ... Cases -.M. 8 0 6 1 8 I 8

!«t Ditto - M. 8 X 0 1 8 l 8

C.ccxxviii.

54 — GEO. III.

113*?

A.D. 18t4*

Iron, Bar

_____Hoops and Rods

Tire Chains Cart Pans Pots Stoves Nails, &c.

Lead, Pig and Sheet Red and White Leather -Leather Breeches Linens and Cottons Lines and Twine

Liquids

Mails, Spars and Oars Mathematical Instruments Medicines

Musical Instruments

Oil

Opfidew

Optical Instruments punters' Colours Paper Perfumery

Jflate and plated Ware " [its and Pictures iflian Blue intine Types -p imp Leather Jadlery, Harness, Whips, 1 & c. - -3

Scales and Weights

-___with Triangle

Sheaves and Pins -Smalts

Sauces, Pickles, and other!

Oilman's Store* -j Ship Chandlery -Soap Starch

Staves loose, or in Packs, 1 for Barrels, per 1,000 j

--for Hhds.

--for Pipes

Loose -Loose -Loose -Loose - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto -Calks Loose -Calks Bales Cases Ditto

Calks or Cases -Calks, Chestsor 7 Cases - I

According to Size Cases - Ditto Ditto -Cafes or Jars C^fes Ditto

Kegs or Cases -

Cases

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto -

Cases or Calks -

Ditto

Packages

Cases

Ditto Loose -Package Calks

Cases

Loose, or in Cases Calks or Cases - Ditto

i A.D. 18m.

J #<M). HL <C. ttitTB-eent'k.

a-f P M i % c U 1! $ \5 M C <L> 1

s, d. s, d. s, d. r. d.

M. 1.8, I 0 i 8 1 8

W. 1 8 6 6 1 8 1 8

w. 1 8 6 <5 i 8 1 Q

M. 1 8 1 0 1 8 I 0

M. 1 8 0 6 1 8 i 8

- 0 3 1 8 1 8

M. 1 8 0 6 x 8 1 8

W< — 6 3 1 8 .1

w. 1 8 0 6 1 8 x 8

M. i 8 0 6 VI 8 x 8

M. 1 8 b 6 1 8 1 8

M. 1 8 0 6 1 8 1 8

M. 1. .8 i_8 sikst

in

: ! '*

: j-

Stationery, Books, Cards, 7 & c. - - -j

Steel. It> Faggots

Files, Saws, &c.

Sword Blades Still Heads and Worms Tar, Pitch and Turpentine Tobacco and Snuff ThK Block

- Plates

- Wane Tombftontestfod Monuments Turnery and Toys Wines and Spirits. ( See \

Liauids.) J

Woollens

Cases or Calks

Package

Calks or Cases -Cafes «. Packages per Ton of 8 Calks Cases or Calks -Loose

Cases

Cases or Cades -Cafes

Cases or Calks -

Bales

k. B.' All other Goods, not enumerated in the foregoing Schedule, to be charged according to their Bulk or Weight.

Persons not wiftung to have their Goods housed, are to gife Notice of the same to the bock Officers.

The foregoing Rates apply only to Goods brought to the Wharf by Land; it often happens that Goods conveyed by Water are landed by Desire of the Proprietors, and also for the Examination of the Officers of His Majesty's Revenue, such will be subject to a Charge for landing equal to that of Wharfage.

For Goods or Stores landed in the Import Dock, and transported into the Outer Dock for the Purpose of putting into a Hoy or lighter, the Wharfage and Porterage only of these Rates will become an additional Charge thereon.

Accidents from Fire the Dock Company do not guarantee, nor are they answerable for Goods in defective Packages.

3:

Cap. ccxxix.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and regulating the Streets and other Public Places on the Estate of Lord Calthorpe, near Gray's Inn Lane Road, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, [28th July 1814.]

c. cxxx. ante, ']

Cap. ccxxx.

An Act for rebuilding or repairing the Bridge aerolis the River 3°G $ (M Foyle or Lough FoyU at Londonderry; for enabling the Corpora- C*3K*

54 Gift. UL 4 D tioa

Uj8 C. ccxxx — ccxxxiii. 54° GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

i

40 0 3. (I) tion, af that Oty to aaife Monty for that Purpose; to authorize

4s" the Advance of a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated

Fund of Ireland; and for regulating the Fairs and Markets, and improving the Raw Course there.

[28 th July 1814.]

[Former Tolls to eease, ne*ut Tolls granted.]

# [60, 000l.]

Cap. ccxxxi.

47 G. % (t) An Act for amending and continuing several Acts made for the Im-c. 3. provement of the Lagan Navigation, and for further extending the

(lt) c. s6.

[For ai Tears from 25th Dec. 1814.] «T

i\sc 14O.3. (i, )c.is. 19 a so G.3. (L) c. 31.

Cap. ccxxxii.

50 (k 3- c.cui. An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty* for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, as relates to the Road from Dundee to Gmbar, Mi 1 its Branch to Meigle.

[30th July 1814.]

[For remainder of Term under former A8.]

Cap. ccxxxiii.

tt Q.s. c. 19* Afc Act for extending the Powers of the several Acts for tpainta&ning 96 G.a. c. 55* the Turnpike Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to i9G.SbC. 4s- Stanford Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to a new Branch of

a* G. 3^.15- Road leading from Kingsiand Green into the above mentioned

4»a*; cfn. Turnpike Road at Hackney.

---

[30th July 1814.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday. During reminder of Term granted by former Acts.]

[Index removed.]

