THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

49 GEORGE III. 1809.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers;

And sold by J. Butterworth, Law Bookseller, in Fleet-Street.

1809.

[Price 18s. in Boards.]

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the THIRD Session of the FOURTH Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

49 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

I. AN Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions. Offices, and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. Page 1

2. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. 20

3. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. Ibid.

4. An Act to allow a certain Proposition of the Militia of Great Britain, to enlist voluntarily into the Regular Forces. 21

5. An Act to allow a certain Proposition of the Militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces. 21

6. An Act for the Relief of Prisoners in Custody for Non payment of Money pursuant to Orders of Courts of Equity. 23

7. An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom, for a limited Time. Ibid.

8. An Act to suspend the Importation of British or Irish made Spirits into Great Britain, or Ireland respectively, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine. 24

9. An Act to grant Bounties on the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland from Great Britain, until the Eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine; and to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, so far as relates to Importers of Flax Seed. 25

10. An Act to continue so much of an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, as allows a Bounty upon double refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and so much of the same Act as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten. Page 26

11. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended. Ibid.

12. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 27

13. An Act for the more effectually preventing the forging of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills and the Negociation of forged and counterfeited Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland. 40

14. An Act for repealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, relative to Child Murder; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof. 41

15. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and ten. Ibid.

16. An Act to allow the Importation of Rum and other Spirits, from the Island of Bermuda into the Province of Lower Canada, without Payment of Duty, on the same Terms and Conditions as such Importation may be made directly from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies. 42

17. An Act to authorize His Majesty, during the present War, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope. Ibid.

18. An Act for continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, several Acts for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; and until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Exportation of Wool from the British Plantations in America. 43

19. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. Ibid.

20. An Act to make perpetual several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantation's in America; and for amending and making perpetual several Laws relating to the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty. 47

21. An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills. Page 47

22. An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Falmouth in the Island of Jamaica. 48

23. An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty. Ibid.

24. An Act for charging with Duty Spent Wash, re-distilled in Great Britain. Ibid.

25. An Act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain, from any Place whatever. 49

26. An Act for allowing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Importation of certain Fish from Parts of the Coast of His Majesty's North American Colonies; and for granting a Bounty thereon. 50

27. An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland and the Islands adjacent; and for re-annexing Part of the Coast of Labrador and the Islands lying on the said Coast to the Government of Newfoundland. 51

28. An Act to enable the Clerks of the King's Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King's Bench to be admitted as Attornies. 57

29. An Act for the Appropriation of Twenty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, towards the Encouragement of the saving of Flax Seed for sowing in Ireland. 58

30. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, certain Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for warehousing in Ireland, Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations. 59

31. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty free, of Corn and other Provisions. Ibid.

32. An Act for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence, repealed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions, and Stipends, and thereby granted for One Year to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine. 60

33. An Act to grant an Excise Duty on Spirits made or distilled from Sugar in Ireland, during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excise Duty now chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof to Foreign Parts. 65

34. An Act to permit the Registry at Malta of Ships taken as Prize. Ibid.

35. An Act for the more convenient Payment of Pensions to Widows of Officers of the Navy. 67

36. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, for erecting and establishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals. Page 71

37. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 72

38. An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. Ibid.

39. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ship, and Stores, at Portsmouth; and for extending the Lines and Worlds at Dover; in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty. Ibid.

40. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm. 73

41. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, to provide that British Ships captured by the Enemy, becoming the Property of British Subjects, shall not be entitled to the Privilege of British Ships. 79

42. An Act for better regulating the Publick Records of Scotland. 80

43. An Act for regulating the Mode in which the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, exclusive of the Duty thereon, is to be ascertained under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty. 87

44. An Act to permit Goods brought in as Prize, and restored by the Court of Admiralty, or which have been seized as Droits, and so restored, to be sold or transferred within this Kingdom, without paying the Home Consumption Duty. Ibid.

45. An Act for more conveniently paying of Allowances on the Compassionate List of the Navy, and of Half Pay to Officers of the Royal Marines. 88

46. An Act to authorize the principal Officers of the Customs in the British Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies, to examine Witnesses on Oath. 93

47. An Act to permit certain Articles, the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, to be laden and shipped on board Ships arriving with British North American Produce, and Fish taken by Settlers in the British North American Colonies, at any Port of Europe, in order to be exported to the principal Ports in the British Colonies and Plantations in North America. 94

48. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm. 96

49. An Act to authorize His Majesty to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, any Goods and Commodities to be imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever. 97

50. An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties, as relates to the Limitation according to which the Discount on Newspapers is regulated. Page 98

51. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, and amend certain Acts for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received in several Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for public Money in Ireland. 99

52. An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. 100

53. An Act for completing the Militia of Great Britain. Ibid.

54. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. 114

55. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England, and an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and for appointing other Commissioners together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, also the said Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Acts. 116

56. An Act for completing the Militia of Ireland. 118

57. An Act for improving the Quality of Beer in Ireland, by further preventing the Use of unmalted Corn, or of any deleterious or unwholesome Ingredients therein, and for the better securing the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland. Ibid.

58. An Act to explain and render more, effectual an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies. 125

59. An Act to permit the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America to be carried on in Ships or Vessels belonging to the Inhabitants of the said States. 127

60. An Act for allowing the Importation from any Port in Europe of Africa, of Goods or Commodities the Growth or Produce of any Country, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. Ibid.

61. An Act for making Sugar and Coffee of Martinique and Mariegalante liable to Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations. 128

62. An Act to amend several Acts for the Prevention of Smugglings for better securing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders; and for permitting the Exportation of Salt, Pepper, and Wine from Guernsey or Jersey to Sark, in small Packages. Page 129

63. An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Collection of the said Duties. 133

64. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities. 144

65. An Act for giving Jurisdiction to Justices of the Peace to hear and determine Prosecutions for Penalties incurred by any Offence against the Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs; and also requiring all Goods, customable and not exciseable, seized by any Police or Peace Officer, to be brought to the Custom-House Warehouse in London, within a certain Period. 146

66. An Act for the Abolition of certain Holidays, and for altering and extending the Time for keeping open the Chief Office of Excise. 150

67. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and to make further Provision for exonerating small Livings and Charitable Institutions from the Land Tax. Ibid.

68. An Act to explain and amend the Law of Bastardy, so far as relates to indemnifying Parishes in respect thereof. 152

69. An Act to indemnify Persons who have inadvertently printed, published, or dispersed Papers or Books without a full Description of the Place of Abode of the Printers thereof, from Penalties incurred under an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign. 156

70. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General of Ireland to purchase Premises for the Enlargement of the General Post Office in the City of Dublin. Ibid.

71. An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen Millions Six hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities. Ibid.

72. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland. for the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Passages through the same, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof, and for other Purposes. 157

73. An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and upon British Spirits imported into Ireland, and upon Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors in Ireland in Quantities not less than Two Gallons. Ibid.

74. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred agd ten, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported'into and exported from Ireland. 158

75. An Act to provide for the better Collection of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Servants, Horses, and Dogs, in Ireland. 130

76. An Act for vesting in the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, by Advice of the Privy Council the Power of prohibiting the Exportation and carrying Coastwise of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, Arms, Ammunition, and Naval Stores. Page 165

77. An Act to amend the several Acts for securing the Duties on Paper made in Ireland. 166

78. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland. 167

79. An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. Ibid.

80. An Act for allowing Dealers to roast their own Coffee on certain Conditions. 168

81. An Act to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Paper, Silks, and Salt, and for authorising the Seizure of Utensils in Cases where Vessels used in Excise Manufactories are subject to Forfeiture. 170

82. An Act to amend several Acts passed in the last and present Session of Parliament, relating to the Local Militia. 175

83. An Act for the Amendment of the Laws now in force in Ireland; relative to Persons entering into Recognizances in Criminal Cases, in Custody under any Fine, or under such Recognizance. 176

84. An Act for amending the Irish Road Acts. 179

85. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 189

86. An Act to make Provision, in certain Cases, for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland. Ibid.

87. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. 196

88. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. 202

89. An Act to revive and continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament. Ibid.

90. An Act for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of the Militia Men in Scotland, when called into actual Service. Ibid.

91. An Act to empower the Judges to try Civil Causes in their own Counties in England. 215

92. An Act for charging the Sum of Eleven Millions, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the Sum of Seven Millions nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, funded pursuant to an Act of this Session of Parliament, upon the Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. Page 216

93. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies at have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. 219

94. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. Ibid.

95. An Act for further regulating the Constitution of the Board of Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts. 221

96. An Act to provide for a durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers of Excise, under certain Restrictions. 222

97. An Act for empowering the Board of Ordnance to exchange Lands at Purfleet in the County of Essex, for other Lands in the said Parish. 224

98. An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. Ibid.

99. An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland; and for the regulating the Sale of such Liquors by Retail. 388

100. An Act to amend the several Acts for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland. 403

101. An Act to regulate the Fees payable by Persons charged with Treason, Felony, and all other Offences, at Assizes and Quarter Sessions in Ireland; and for amending an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, relating thereto. 404

102. An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the best Means of effecting the same. 408

103. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for making Provision for the building and rebuilding of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houses in Ireland. 410

104. An Act to amend several Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Life Annuities with Benefit of Survivorship. 414

105. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act of this present Session of Parliament, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively. Ibid.

106. An Act for allowing further Time for taking Goods out of Warehouse, and paying Duties thereon. 415

107. An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred in the British Colonies and Plantations in America. 416

108. An Act to amend the several Acts respecting the Payment of Wages and Prize Money, and Allotment, of Wages, to Persons serving in His Majesty's Royal Navy. 417

109. An Act to repeal several Acts respecting the Woollen Manufacture, and to amend other Acts relating to the said Manufacture; and for allowing Persons employed in any Branch of the Woollen Manufacture to set up Trade in any Place in Great Britain. Page 424

110. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence on Offices and Employments. 430

111. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the publick Expenditure, and the Conduct of the publick Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned. 431

112. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, to provide for the Defence of the Realm, with respect to the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the publick Service. Ibid.

113. An Act for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia. 432

114. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain. 436

115. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England. 437

116. An Act to make further Provision for the Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland. 441

117. An Act for lowering the Duty of Excise on Coffee, of the Growth of His Majesty's Dominions in Africa. 454

118. An Act for better securing the Independence and Purity of Parliament, by preventing the procuring or obtaining of Seats in Parliament by corrupt Practices. Ibid.

119. An Act to give to the Persons named by His Majesty, pursuant to an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act concerning the Administration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords, further Time for making their Report or Reports. 457

120. An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland. Ibid.

121. An Act to alter and amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts. 508

122. An Act for preventing Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners, and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage in England, under an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne. 515

123. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War; and for the further Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually providing for the Interest of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea; and to extend the Provisios of the said Act to Cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced since the passing of the said Act. Page 527

124. An Act for altering, emending, and explaining certain Acts relative to the Removal of the Poor, and for making Regulations in certain Cases touching the Examination of Paupers as to their Settlement; and for extending to all Parishes certain Rules and Orders in Workhouses, under an Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor. 547

125. An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies. 549

126. An Act for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices. 551

127. An Act for further augmenting the Salaries of certain of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall and of the Chief and Second Justice of Chester, and justices of the Great Sessions in Wales. 558

128. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 561

129. An Act to prevent the enlisting of Local Militia Men into the Regular Militia of any other County or Stewartry than the County or Stewartry to which they belong. 569

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i. AN Act for continuing the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Harbour and Quay of Watchett, in the County of Somerset. Page 570

ii. An Act for amending an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating certain Fisheries io the County of Cumberland, and other Places therein mentioned, so far as respects the Fishery in the River Derwent. Ibid.

iii. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation to raise the necessary Fund to complete the same. Ibid.

iv. An Act for more effectually improving the Streets, Lanes, and Publick Passages, in the Town of Gainsborough in the County of Lincoln, and for laying a Duty on Coals [and Lime] brought to the said Town to be sold. Ibid.

v. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Rotherham to Swinton, in the West Riding of the County of York. 571

vi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashbourn, to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Toxall Bridge, and from Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith. Page 571

vii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick. Ibid.

viii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Radclffe, and the Township of Ainsworth, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

ix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Workington and Winscales, and Minor of Workington, in the Parish of Workington, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

x. An Act for amending so much of an Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for building and keeping in Repair the Pier at Sheerness, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes therein-mentioned, as relates to the said Pier. Ibid.

xi. An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Township of Saltney, in the County of Flint, to the Town of Flint. Ibid.

xii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Horsham to join the Turnpike Road leading to Guildford, with Two Branches therefrom, in the Counties of Sussex and Surrey. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Boconock, Braddock, and Saint Winnow, in the County of Cornwall. 572

xiv. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair several Roads in the Counties of Brecon, Radnor, and Glamorgan, and for making and maintaining Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Carmarthen and Cardigan, so far as relates to the Llandovery District, and for amending certain other Roads communicating therewith. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

xvii. An Act to enable the Bristol Dock Company to borrow a further Sum of Money for completing the Improvements of the Port and Harbour of Bristol. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for establishing and well-governing the Charitable Institution called The Society of Stewards and Subscribers for maintaining, and educating Poor Orphans of Clergymen until of Age to be put Apprentice; and for incorporating such Society; and for more effectually enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs. Ibid.

xix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York. 579

xx. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act respecting the Collection of publick Money to be levied in the County of the City Dublin by Preferment; and for the better Regulation of the Mode of Election and Office of Treasurer of the publick Money of the City of Dublin. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh; for disannexing Part of the Parish of Saint Cuthbert's from the said Parish, and uniting it to the Parish of Saint Andrew; for further regulating the Assessment for the Poor in the said Parishes; for erecting Two new Churches; for discontinuing certain Churches, and annexing the Parishes thereof to other Parishes; for further regulating the Revenues of the said City applicable to the Payment of Ministers' Stipends, and for draining the Meadow on the South Side of the said City. Page 586

xxii. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for the better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland near the Seat in the County Palatine of Durham, and for increasing the Rates therein directed to be imposed. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the River Severn at the Quay in the City of Gloucester, to or near to a certain Gate in or near the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, called The Knapp Toll Gate, with a collateral Branch to the Top of Leckhampton Hill, in the Parish of Leckhampton, in the said County. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Carnarvon in the County of Carnarvon, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 587

xxv. An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Rochdale and the Neighbourhood thereof with Water. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to Redcross in the Parish of Shelford in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Wimborne Minster in the County of Dorset, to the Turnpike Road between Blandford Forum and Dorchester in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell Vent in the County of Sussex, and certain other Roads in the said Acts described. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the First small Bridge or Culvert which crosses the present Turnpike Road from Cheltenham to Gloucester, on the Gloucester Side of Staverton Bridge, to join the same Turnpike Road in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester. 588

xxx. An Act for maintaining and repairing the Road leading from the City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the River of Kelvin called The Milnford of Garscube. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Great North Road leading from the North Queensferry in the County of Fife to the City of Perth, and to the Town of Dunfermline. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for altering an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the County of Ayr. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty, and the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the Parish of East Grinstead in the County of Sussex. Page 588

xxxiv. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chase in the Parish of South Mims in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for allowing the Timber on Part of the settled Estates of Dame Jane St. John Mildmay Widow, in the Counties of Essex, Somerset, Dorset, and Southampton, to be cut down, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of Estates to be settled in Manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for repairing and amending certain Roads in the County of Peebles, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the same. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts for repairing the Turnpike and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for repairing the Roads from the City of Edinburgh to the Town of Leith. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Road from Carlowrie Bridge on the River Almond, to Linlithgow Bridge on the River Avon, and other Roads in the County of Linlithgow. 589

xxxix. An Act for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Rates within the Parish of Saint Anne (commonly called Saint Anne Limehouse) in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xl. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, and regulating the Poor thereof. Ibid.

xli. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the River Wear and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for the more effectual Preservation and further Improvement of the same River, Port, and Haven. Ibid.

xlii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Stratford-upon-Avon Canal Navigation. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preferring certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter's and Wisbech Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of Wisbech Murrow and Wisbech Guyhirn, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Parishes of Thurlton, Haddiscoe, and Thorpe next Haddiscoe, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Harlow Bush Common to Stump Cross in the County of Essex. 590

xlvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed in the Seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the great Turnpike Road from Stratford-upon-Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County. Page 590

xlvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for widening and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Walsall to Hamstead Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dapdon Wharf, near Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Alfold Bars. in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Handcross to Henfield, and from Seeding to Horsham, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

l. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Teddington to the Turnpike Road between Evesham and Pershore, in the County of Worcester, and for making a new Piece of Road to communicate therewith, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

li. An Act for repairing, widening, and improving the Road leading from the Town of Rickmersworth, in the County of Hertford, through the Village of Pinner, by Harrow-on-the-Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to or near the Swan Publick House at Sudbury Common, in the Turnpike Road leading from Harrow to London. Ibid.

lii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Acts for repairing the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woore, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, and the Road from Northwich to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid, as relates to the Second District of Roads comprized in the said Acts. Ibid.

liii. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act for repairing the Road from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, in the County of Lancaster. 591

liv. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Tenterden to the several Places therein mentioned, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lv. An Act for continuing Two Acts of the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts for repairing the Road from the South End of Newton Abbott to the Passage Way in Kingswear, opposite Clifton, Dartmouth, Hardness, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Devon. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, and for amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchett Bridge, in the County of Buckingham. Page 591

lviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex to the Twenty Mile Stone on Egham Hill, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

lix. An Act for vesting a Workhouse and Premises, situate in the City of Londonderry, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in building another School House, and for better regulating the same. Ibid.

lx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Kelsal, in the Parish of Tarvin, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

lxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships Llan Trewyn, Bodlowydd, and Bryn-cymme, in the Manor of Llanelidan, in the Parish of Llanelidan, in the County of Denbigh. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bradwell, Belton, and Fritton, in the County of Suffolk. 592

lxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Corton, Hopton, and Gorleston, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Witchingham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Elton and Winster, in the Parish of Toulgreave, in «he County of Derby. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barton-in the-Clay, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Allerston, in the North Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for making Provision for such of the Sub-Registrars or Deputy Registrars of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be afflicted with permanent Debility, and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office; and for making further Provision for the Two Seniors of the said Registrars, for the Clerks in the Registrar's Office, for the Master of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the said Court, and for making other Payments and Regulations in respect of the said Offices. Ibid.

lxx. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, to enable the several Persons therein named to dispose of the several Houses therein mentioned in London and Westminster, by Lottery. 597

lxxi. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Stainforth and Keadby Canal Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money for the Discharge of their Debts, and to finish and complete the said Canal Navigation, and for amending the several Acts passed relative thereto. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for amending, altering, and enlarging, the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Warwick and Napton Canal Navigation. 598

lxxiii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for making a navigable Canal from the Trent to the Mersey,and other Canals connected therewith. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glasgow. Page 598

lxxv. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the several Parts of Lindsey. Kesteven, and Holland, constituting the Three Divisions of the County of Lincoln, to provide a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the said County. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for regulating the Police of the Town and Liberties of Kinsale, and for the Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour of the said Town, and of the Fisheries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act to continue the Term, and render more effectual, several Acts passed for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of Southwold. in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for amending several Acts for making navigable the Rivers Wye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, and for making a Horse Towing Path on certain Parts of the Banks of the said River Wye. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Town and Franchise of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein. 599

lxxx. An Act for the better supplying the City of Dublin with Water. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act to authorize the raising of Money to defray the Expences of erecting a Prison and publick Offices in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of certain Acts, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising on the Credit of the Orphans' Fund certain Sums of Money for those Purposes. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for the Improvement of the Passage across the Frith of Forth, called The Queensferry. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for building a new Bridge across the River Tone, and enlarging the Bridge at Shuttern, both in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and also for widening and improving the Approaches to the said Bridges, and removing and preventing Obstructions and Nuisances thereon. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wensum, between the Scite where the Gates called King Street Gates formerly stood, and Carrow Abbey, to the Hamlet of Thorpe, in the County of the City of Norwich. 600

lxxxvi. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County of York, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from a Place called Nantgaredig, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Llandilofawr to the Town of Carmarthen, through the Village of Brechfa to the River Tivy near Llanlooney Church, and also a Road from Brechfa aforesaid to the Village of Llanfawell all in the County of Carmarthen. Page 600.

lxxxviii. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Congleton to Colley Bridge. and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the Counties of Chester and Derby. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for making and maintaining Turnpike Roads for the Town of Malmesbury, to or near to the Town of Wootton Bassett, Sutton Benger Church, and Dauntsey Gate, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xc. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Wootton Basset in the County of Wilts. to the Two Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road from Swindon to Marlborough in the said County. 601

xci. An Act for amending and improving the Road from the North End of the Town of Tonbridge to the Village of Ightham, and Two other Roads communicating with the same, all in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for amending and improving the Road from Stockershead at the Top of Charing Hill, to a certain Place where the same joins the Road from Ashford to Canterbury, all in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xciii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the End of the County of Stafford to the City of Chester, and from Northwich to Tarvin in the County of Chester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as respects the Third District of the said Roads. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for making and maintaining a Road over Horley Common in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Black Corner, and from thence to join the Brighthelmston Turnpike Road at Cuckfield, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xcv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Maresfield Street, and from Florence Farm to Forest Row, to the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty for amending the Road from or near Edenfield Chapel to the Township of Little Bolton, and for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road at or near Booth Pits, to or near Bury Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Reading in the County of Berks, through Henley in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow to Hatfield in the County of Hertford; and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow over Great Marlow Bridge through Bysham to or near the Thirty Mile Stone in the Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading aforesaid. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for effecting the Sale of an Estate at Tachbrook in the County of Warwick, devised by the Will of John Norris Esquire, deceased; and for applying sufficient of the Money in discharging

Incumbrances on certain Estates at Cwmyoy and Lanthony in the Counties of Monmouth and Hereford; and for paying the Residue thereof to Walter Salvage Landor Esquire; and for settling the said Estates at Cwmyoy and Lanthony to the Use of the Will of the said John Norris. Page 601

xcix. An Act for inclosing a Moor or Common called Middlehope within the Park and Forest of Weardale in the Parish of Stanhope, in the County of Durham. Ibid.

c. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parishes of Barford Saint Martin and South Newton, and for extinguishing Rights of Common in other Lands in or adjoining the Parishes of Barford Saint Martin aforesaid, and Baverstock, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

ci. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Portbury, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

cii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cheadale, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for inclosing Waste Lands in the Township of Liscard in the Parish of Wallasey, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

civ. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Whiston and Parish of Kingsley, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

cv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bledlow, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

cvi. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Idle, in the Parish of Calverley in the West Riding of the County of York. 603

cvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Marsworth, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Long Wittenham, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

cix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Aldon and Stoke St. Milborough, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

cx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stockton, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for repealing such Part of an act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, as imposes a certain Proposition of the County Rate for the County of Kent upon the Eastern Division of the said County, and certain Propositions upon the Western Division of the said County; and also so much of an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, as directs the Churchwardens and Overseers therein mentioned, to make certain Returns of the Rental or Value of Estates within their Parishes at the Periods and in the Manner therein mentioned, and imposes a certain Penalty upon such Churchwardens and Overseers for making Default therein, and for amending the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts. Ibid.

cxii. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for making and maintaining the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation. 608

cxiii. An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the establishing a nightly Watch, and for maintaining the Poor within the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex. Page 60S

cxiv. An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex. 609

cxv. An Act for amending an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for paving and improving the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex, and for building a Market House and establishing a Market in the said Town..Ibid.

cxvi. An Act for building a Church on Gateshead Fell, in the Parish of Gateshead. 610

cxvii. An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts for the Maintenance and Support of the Pier and Harbour, and paying and lighting the Town of Margate, in the County of Kent. 612

cxviii. An Act for better Applying with Water the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Parishes of Portsmouth and Portsea, and Places adjacent, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

cxix. An Act for effecting the Drainage and Imorovement of the Lands and Grounds lying in the late Great Common in Sutton Saint Edmund's, within the Parish of Sutton Saint Mary otherwise Long Sutton, in the County of Lincoln; and for authorising the Drainage and Improvement of the Lands and Grounds lying in the late Little Common in Sutton Saint Edmund's aforesaid. 613

cxx. An Act for embanking, inclosing, and draining Lands within the Parish of Friskeney, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

cxxi. An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Road or Passage for Horses on the Banks of the River Severn, between a certain Place at Coalbrooke Dale to and above the Welsh Bridge in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, for hauling and drawing Vessels along the said River. 614

cxxii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for better Applying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water, and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for erecting a Court House and Prison for the Borough of Leeds, and for widening and improving the Streets and Passages in the said Town. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act to alter and explain Two Acts to enable the Globe Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities. Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act to alter and explain Two Acts for enabling the Pelican Life Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities. 615

cxxv. An Act to alter and explain Two Acts for enabling the Albion Fire and Life Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act for widening and altering Ouse Bridge over the River Ouse, and Foss Bridge over the River Foss, in the City of York; for widening, raising, and improving certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages leading and near to the said Bridges; and for making certain other Improvements in the said City. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act for consolidating and uniting the Powers of several Acts passed for amending several Roads near the Borough of Ashburton and the Town of Newton Bushell, and from or near the North Side of the Town of Totness towards Ashburton aforesaid, for building a Bridge across the River Dart, at or near a Place called Emmett, in the County of Devon, and for amending and improving the said several Roads. Page 615

cxxviii. An Act for continuing, explaining, and amending an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey. 616

cxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bettwe-Abergele, in the County of Denbigh. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Caerwys, in the County of Flint. Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

cxxxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Woodstone, it the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of King's Cliffe, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Cadeby and Parish of Spotborough, in the County of York. Ibid.

cxxxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gateshead, in the County of Durham. 617

cxxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Glatton-with-Holm in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

cxxxvii. An Act for the Application of the Purchase Money of certain Lands, taken from the Possessions of the See of Winchester, under the Provisions of an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth, and for extending the Works and Lines at Dover. Ibid.

cxxxviii. An Act for enabling the Kennet and Avon Canal Company to raise a sufficient Sum of Money to complete the said Canal, and for amending the several Acts for making the same. Ibid.

cxxxix. An Act for erecting a new Gaol and House of Correction, and new Courts of Justice, in and for the County Palatine of Durham, and purchasing proper Scites for the same; and for disposing of the old Gaol and House of Correction and Courts of Justice there; and making an equal County Rate for those Purposes. Ibid.

cxl. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Streets and other Publick Passages and Places in the Town and Borough of Oswestry, in the County of Salop. 618

cxli. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Merthyr Tidfil, and other Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Glamorgan, Brecon, and Monmouth. Ibid.

cxlii. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Thames, from or near Vauxhall Turnpike, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saint John, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, and for making convenient Roads thereto. Page 618

cxliii. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Whole or Part of a certain Bridge called Wallingford Bridge, in the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, and for opening, widening, and improving the Avenues or Approaches to the said Bridge. 619

cxliv. An Act for taking down and rebuilding certain Parts of North Bridge and Tickford Bridge, in the Parishes of Newport Pagnell and Lathbury, in the County of Buckingham, and for widening and making more commodious the said Bridges, and the Approaches thereto. Ibid.

cxlv. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford to Abbots Bromley, and from Bagots Bromley to the present Turnpike Road at or near Shirley Wich, in the said County. Ibid.

cxlvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeter pont-Stephen, in the County of Cardigan, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Carmarthen District of Roads, and for consolidating in the same Act and Trust certain other Roads in the said County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

cxlvii. An Act for making and repairing a Road from Soho Hill, in the Parish of Handsworth, to the Walsall Turnpike Road, on the Northern Side of Hamstead Bridge; and also another Road from Brown's Green to a House called The Friary, all in the County of Stafford. 620

cxlviii. An Act for vesting the settled and other Estates of John Pierson Foote Esquire, in the Parish of Calstock, in the County of Cornwall, in Trustees upon trust, to sell and to stand possessed of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, upon the Trusts therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxlix. An Act for enabling the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish of Allhallows Barking, in the City of London, to grant a Lease of certain Estates belonging to the same Parish, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose. Ibid.

cl. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet and Chapelry of Wheatley, in the Parish of Cuddesden, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cli. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hayes, in the County of Middlesex, and for extinguishing the Tithes in the said Parish. Ibid.

clii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Maxey with Deepingate, Northhorough, Glinton with Peakirk, Etton, and Kelpstone, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

cliii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Sheldon, Aymestrey, and Lingen, in the County of Hereford, and for extinguishing Tithes in those Parishes. Ibid.

cliv. An Act for inclosing Goring Common, or Goring Heath, and certain Waste Lands, in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

clv. An Act for continuing the Term of, and altering and amending an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing two Acts of His late Majesty, for the Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River Thames, and to make more effectual Regulations relating thereto. Page 621

clvi. An Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in the Fortieth, Forty-fourth, Forty-fifth, Forty-sixth, and Forty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto, and to enlarge the Powers and Authorities by the said Acts granted to the London Dock Company. Ibid.

clvii. An Act for amending an Act for better supplying the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, with Water, and for enlarging the Powers thereof. 624

clviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the Summit of the Hill above Churchway Engine, in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, to a certain Place in the said Forest called Cinderford Bridge. Ibid.

clix. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the River Wye, at or near to a Place called Lidbrook, in the Parish of Ruardean, in the County of Gloucester, to or near to a Place called the Lower Forge, below Newern, in the Parish of Lydney, in the said County, and for making other Railways therein mentioned in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester. 625

clx. An Act to continue and amend several Acts for repairing Roads in the County of Dumfries, and converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money. Ibid.

clxi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Mead Brook, in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and other Places therein mentioned, and for extending the said Road to the Centre of Christian Malford Bridge. Ibid.

clxii. An Act for the Exchange of Part of the Settled Estates of the Earl of Guilford and for the Sale of other Part, to discharge a Mortgage thereon, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

clxiii. An Act for the Partition of certain Settled Estates of John Wharton Esquire, situate in the Counties of York, Westmorland, and Durham. 626

clxiv. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, devised by the Will of John Hutton Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and for investing the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

clxv. An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of John Tirel Morin Esquire, deceased, situate in the Counties of Buckingham and Middlesex, in Trustees to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates intended to be sold. Ibid.

clxvi. An Act for vesting the detached Parts of the Estates of William Farrer Esquire, deceased, in Trustees for Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for paying the Incumbrances affecting the same. Page 626

clxvii. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estates, in the County of Lincoln, devised by the Will of Henry Massingberd Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Money in paying off certain Incumbrances affecting the said Estates, and for laying out the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

clxviii. An Act for vesting certain Estates late of the Honourable George Jocelyn deceased, in the County of Dublin, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of Government Securities, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates fold. Ibid.

clxix. An Act for vesting in Trustees a certain Tract of Open Pasture Land called Box Moor, in the Parish of Hemel-hempsted, in the County of Hertford, upon certain Trusts, applying the Produce thereof, and for better securing the Rights of the respective Parties entitled to the said Moor. Ibid.

clxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dronfield, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

clxxi. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday over Blackfriars Bridge, and for applying the Money to arise thereby towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge. 627

clxxii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting. and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, and the East India Docks at Blackwall, both in the County of Middlesex; and also of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new Road from the said Road communicating with the East India Docks, to Barking, in the County of Essex; and for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

clxxiii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Sixth and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

clxxiv. An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers or Authorities given by an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tithes also entailed by the said Act. Ibid.

clxxv. An Act to empower the Trustees under the Will of the Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thurlow to grant in Fee upon Fee Farm Rents, or for long Terms of Years, certain Estates by the same Will devised in Trust for Sale, and to pull down the Mansion House called Knight's Hill, and to make Roads and to enfranchise Copyholds, and for other Purposes. Page 627

clxxvi. An Act for vesting an Estate, in the County of Lincoln, devised by the Will of Francis Lord Le Despencer, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and with the Money arising therefrom to discharge the Incumbrances thereupon, and to lay out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

clxxvii. An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Estates devised by the Will of Henry Partridge Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, and for settling the same to the like Uses. 628

clxxviii. An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Estates devised or limited to strict Uses by the Will of the Right Honourable William late Lord Craven deceased, and situate in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof, in discharge or an Incumbrance subsisting thereon, and for laying out the Residue of such Monies in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

clxxix. An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of Thomas Hodgkins Esquire, lying in the respective Parishes of Walsall and Aldridge, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, in trust to sell the same, and apply the Purchase Monies arising therefrom in paying off all Incumbrances upon such Estates, and otherwise, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery. Ibid.

clxxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shambrook, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

clxxxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wilshamstead, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

clxxxii. An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Insurance Company of Ireland to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary. Ibid.

clxxxiii. An Act for making new Sewers and Drains and amending the present Sewers and Drains within certain Districts under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Mouldsey in Surrey, to Ravensborne in Kent, and for other Purposes relating to the Execution of the Commission of Sewers for the said Limits. Ibid.

clxxxiv. An Act for rendering more effectual Two Acts passed for the better regulating the Poor in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey; for inclosing the Church Yard thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto. Ibid.

clxxxv. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Moot Hall, Grand Jury Room, and certain Grounds and Buildings adjoining thereto in the Castle Garth, within the Scite of the Old Castle of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, for building Courts of Justice, and also a Gaol for the said County, and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto. 629

ckxxvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road in the County of Surrey. Page 629

clxxxvii. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Wastes in the Township of Minera in the County of Denbigh, as subjects the Owners of certain Mines there to Damages for working the same, and as authorizes any Person to get Stone from any Mines of Stone in the said Wastes. Ibid.

clxxxviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading from Barmouth in the County of Merioneth, to Traethmawr in the County of Caernarvon, and for budding a Bridge at Traethbach, in the said County of Merioneth. Ibid.

clxxxix. An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of Deptford, Greenwich, and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Kent and Surrey. Ibid.

cxc. An Act for the better Government of the Watermen working on the Passage between Gosport, Portsmouth, and Portsea, and other Places within Portsmouth Harbour, and to and from Spithead, St. Helen's, and other Parts within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, and to and from certain Places in the said Island, and for regulating the Fares of such Watermen. 630

cxci. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames from the Precinct of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the County of Surrey. 639

cxcii. An Act for more effectually supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester and Salford in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 640.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

NOT PRINTED.

1. AN Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable John Lord Boringdon with the Right Honourable Augusta Lady Boringdon his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Langley Marsh, in the County of Buckingham

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hursley and the Manor of Murdon, in the County of Southampton.

4. An Act for inclosing Denshaw Moor, in the Township of Quick within Saddleworth, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[Allotment to the King, in right of his Duchy of Lancaster, as seised to himself his Heirs and Successors of the Honour of Pontefract, in the County of York.]

5. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jesse Gregson Esquire, with Grace Close his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Campbell Bazett with Margaret Ann Bazett his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

7. An Act for naturalizing George Dettmar.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barton Turf in the County of Norfolk.

9. An Act for naturalizing Peter Urbanis Sartoris.

10. An Act for naturalizing Rudolph Ackermann.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Tithings of Orcheston Saint George and Elston, in the Parish of Orcheston Saint George, in the County of Wilts.

12. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Traugott Gruttner.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dean, in the County of Cumberland,

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Commonable Lands in the Parishes of Congresbury, Week Saint Lawrence, and Puxton, in the County of Somerset.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rothersthorpe, in the County of Northampton.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llanfadwrn, Llandilovawr, and Cayo, in the County of Carmarthen.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Echelford, otherwise Ashford, in the County of Middlesex.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

18. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Croxton, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sherringham, in the County of Norfolk.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Cudworth, in the Parish of Royston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[Allotment to the King, in right of his Duchy of Lancaster, as Lord of the Honour of Pontefract.]

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Purston Jackling, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[Allotment to the King, in right of his Duchy of Lancaster, and as Lord of the Manor of Purston Jackling.]

22. An Act for inclosing a Tract of Land called Woolridge, in the Parishes of Saint Mary de Lode, or Hartpury, in the County of Gloucester.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dry Drayton, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

24. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir George Berney Brograve Baronet, with Emma Louisa Brograve his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Peter Campbell Junior, Esquire, with Elizabeth Lewis Woollery his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for naturalizing Adrian Moens.

27. An Act for naturalizing Christian Frederick Kable.

28. An Act for enabling the most Noble Elizabeth Duchess Dowager of Chandos and the Right Honourable John Lord Henniker, to grant a Lease of certain Lands in the County of Sussex, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, to Edward Frisby Howis, pursuant to an Agreement entered into in that Behalf.

29. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell certain Parts and Portions of the entailed Estate of Caffillis for Payment of the Debts contracted by David late Earl of Caffillis, and still owing; and for altering in Part an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, concerning the Estate of Cullean.

30. An Act for vesting the Lands of Glenkinglas, and certain other Lands, being Part of the Lands contained in a Deed of Entail, executed by the deceased Sir Duncan Campbell, of Lochnell, upon the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, in Trustees, in trust, to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail.

31. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to sell certain Parts and Portions of the entailed Estate of Lochlane, situated in the County of Perth, which belonged to and was entailed by the late Anne Campbell, otherwise Menzies, of Fairntoun, sufficient for Payment of her Debts, and to raise a Sum for the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, contiguous to, and convenient for the said entailed Estate, to be entailed in the like Manner, in lieu of the Parts and Portions sold.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of High Offley, in the County of Stafford.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Rothwell with Royds, and Oulton with Woodlesford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

34. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Abbotsbury, in the County of Dorset.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Compton Vallence, otherwise East Compton, in the County of Dorset.

36. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Fordham, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

37. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Pimperne, in the County of Dorset.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bourn, in the County of Cambridge.

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Englefield, in the County of Berks.

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Plush, in the County of Dorset.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Normanby and Parish of Ormesby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Seamer, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Iccomb, in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

44. An Act to render valid and effectual the Proceedings of the Commissioners under an Act for dividing and inclosing the several open Fields and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Barwick in Elmet, in the County of York.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chilton Foliat, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the parish of Bunwell, in the County of Norfolk.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Altofts, in the Parish of Noanumton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

48. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chidham, in the County of Sussex.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Llanfirnach, in the County of Pembroke.

50. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Berrynarbor, in the County of Devon.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Marske, in the County of York.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Thoralby, in the Parish of Aisgarth, in the North Riding of the County of York.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lingfield, in the County of Surrey.

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wheatacre All Saints, in the County of Norfolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in Glenfield, in the County of Leicester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

56. An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Angmering, otherwise East Angmering and West Angmering annexed, in the County of Sussex.

57. An Act to enable the Reverend George Marwood (lately called George Metcalfe), and his Issue, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Marwood, pursuant to the Will of Jane Turner, Widow, deceased.

58. An Act for naturalizing Charles Cummerow.

59. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the entailed Estate of Pitreavie in the Parish of Dunfermline and County of Fife in Scotland, now belonging to Shovel Blackwood Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in and adjoining or near to the Parish of Mordiford, in the County of Hereford

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ravensden, in the County of Bedford.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

62. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bodham, in the County of Norfolk

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in Longsutton, in the County of Somerset

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Milton, in the County of Berks

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Sutton, in the County of Surrey.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Nannauuwch-r-Afon, Nannau-is'-r-Afon, and Llanelltyd, in the Parishes of Llan-fachreth and Llanelltyd, in the County of Merioneth.

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in the parish of West Wratting, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

68. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Basildon, in the County of Berks.

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Irton, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Sampford Peverell, Burliscombe, and Halberton, in the County of Devon

71. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Holt and Letheringsett, in the County of Norfolk.

72. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Vill, Hamlet, or Parish of Warningcamp, in the County of Sussex.

73. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ilsington, in the County of Devon

74. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of North Creake, in the County of Norfolk.

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wensley, in the County of York.

76. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Carperby and Parish of Aisgarth in the County of York.

77. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Horbury in the Parish of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

78. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Cullingworth in the Manor and Parish of Bingley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

79. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Wellow, in the County of Wilts.

80. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Gillingham and Motcombe, in the County of Dorset.

81. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Washbourne, in the County of Gloucester.

82. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division and Inclosure of certain Lands in the Hamlet of Longthorpe, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

83. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of North Duffield, in the Parish of Skipwith, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

[No Lease shall be made of Vicarial Allotments without Consent of the King, as Patron of the Vicarage of the Parish and Parish Church of Skipwith.]

84. An Act for naturalizing Gustavus Westin.

85. An Act for naturalizing Henry Myers.

86. An Act for naturalizing John Horstman.

87. An Act for selling the Lands and Estate of Appine, situated in the County of Argyle, and a Salmon Fishing situated in the County of Inverness, which were comprized in a Deed of Entail made by George late Marquis of Tweeddale, and the Trustees appointed by George sometime Marquis of Tweeddale deceased, and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail.

88. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Mary Woolwich, in the County of Kent, for the Time being, to grant Building Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory, and to sell the present Rectory House and Garden, and to build a new Rectory House.

89. An Act for changing the Scite of Holland, Fen Chapel, and for authorising the Erection and Establishment thereof in the Parish of Fosdyke, in the County of Lincoln, instead of in the Parish of Algarkirke, in the said County.

90. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bredwardine and the Township of Dorston, in the Parish of Dorston, in the County of Hereford.

91. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Flitton-cum Silsoe and Pulloxhill, in the County of Bedford.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

92. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of Leaton, in the Parish of Saint Mary in Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

93. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Lordship of West Kington, in the Parish of West Kington, in the County of Wilts.

94. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Forncett Saint Peter and Forncett Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk.

95. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of West Melbury, in the Parish of Cann Saint Rumbold in the County of Dorset

96. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Skelton, in the Parish of Howden, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

[No Lease shall be made of Vicarial Allotments without Consent of the King, as Patron of the Vicarage of the Parish and Parish Church of Howden.]

97. An Act for inclosing and reducing to a Stint several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township and Manor of Austwick in the Parish of Clapham, in the West Riding of the County of York.

98. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Strumpshaw and Surlingham, in the County of Norfolk.

99. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Whittleford, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

100. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bishopston and Mancell Lacy, otherwise Much Mansell, in the County of Hereford.

101. An Act for inclosing Lands in or appertaining to the Manor and Township of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York.

102. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township, Hamlet, or Manor of Stanton, in the County of Derby.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

103. An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Tippermallow, Meckven, and Whitebank, and the Lands of Cloag or Cloyock, and other Hereditaments lying in the County of Perth, to and in favour of Robert Smythe of Methven Esquire, and the Series of Heirs mentioned, and under the Conditions and Limitations specified in a Deed of Entail made by David Smythe sometime of Methven, deceased, and in lieu thereof, for vesting certain Parts of the Lands, Lordship, Barony, and Regality of Methven, and of the Lands and Barony of Reilour, lying in the said County, in the said Robert Smythe and his Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple.

104. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stokeintinhead, in the County of Devon.

105. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Swanton, Abbot, Lamas, and Buxton, in the County of Norfolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

106. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bishopstone, otherwise Bushopstone, in the County of Wilts.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

107. An Act for inclosing Lands in the parish of Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

108. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Henry.

109. An Act for uniting the Rectory and Parish Church of Stanmer, in the County of Sussex, with the adjoining Vicarage and Parish Church of Falmer; and also for exchanging the Parsonage House and Glebe Land of Stanmer, and the Vicarage House of Falmer for a Piece of Land at Falmer, Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Chichester, and for a new Parsonage House to be built thereon, at the Expence of the said Earl.

110. An Act for effectuating a Partition directed by the Court of Chancery of certain Fee Farm and Annual Rents arising and issuing within the Counties of Essex and Huntingdon, and of divers Messuages, Parcels of Ground, and Hereditaments situate in the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, devised by the Will of Henry Busby Esquire, deceased; and also for enabling the Trustees or Persons in Possession, as Tenants for Life, of certain of the Premises to grant Building Leases, and for other Purposes.

111. An Act to enable the Company of Armorers and Brasiers in the City of London to sell and convey to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England several Lands and Tenements in the Parish of Saint Olave Jewry, London, formerly of Dame Elizabeth Morrys, discharged from the Trusts for charitable Purposes affecting the same, by virtue of the Will of the said Dame Elizabeth Morrys, and to subject other Lands and Tenements of the said Company of Armorers and Brasiers to the like Trusts.

112. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Helperby in the Parish of Brafferton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

[No Lease shall be made of Vicarial Allotments without Consent of the King as Patron of the Vicarage of Brafferton.]

[Advert removed.]

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanmarum Regis, Quadragesimo nono.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-second Day of June, Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Nineteenth Day of January 1809; being the Third Session of the Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[22d February 1809.]

[See Chapter 32 of this Session, for permanent Duties of 1s. and 6d. on Offices, &c.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty, the Rates, Duties, and Impositions, herein after mentioned: And do most humbly beseech

Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Malt Duty in England under 1 G. 3. c. 3. (last continued by 48 G. 3. c. 2.) further continued to 24 June 1810.]

That within and throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, the Duty for and upon all Malt which, in and by One Act of Parliament passed in the First Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, was granted or continued to His Majesty until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, and which, by several subsequent Acts, has from Time to Time been granted and continued to His Majesty until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be further continued

2 c. 1. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

in like Manner, and shall be and is by this Act charged for or upon all Malt which shall be made within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, from and after the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten.

[Duties on Malt made in Scotland, 3d. per Bushel.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within and throughout that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for 2nd upon all Mait, the Duty herein after mentioned, (that is to say): For and upon every Bushel of Malt, which at any Time or Times, from and after the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Person or Persons whatsoever (whether the same shall be or not be for Sale) the Sum of Three-pence, and so propositionably for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively.

[Duties shall be raised as under former Acts.]

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Duties by this Act granted and continued respectively, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, during the Time and Term aforesaid, by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, and by such Rules and Directions, and with such and the like Allowances and Repayments propositionably, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of Mitigation, and other Powers in all Respects not otherwise directed by this Act, as are prescribed, mentioned, or expressed in the said former Act or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred unto, or any of them, for or concerning the Duties by them or any of them granted or continued, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the raising, levying, collecting, securing, and managing such Duties; and that the same Act formerly made and passed, and the said other Acts hereby referred unto, as for and concerning the said Duties upon Malt, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing, in them or any of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now being in force, and not otherwise altered by this Act, shall be and continue in force and effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, levying, collecting, securing, and accounting for the Rates, Duties, and Impositions hereby granted and continued respectively, and for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures, and making any Mitigations and propositional Allowances, and all other Matters and Things during the Continuance of this Act, as fully as if the same were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this present Act;

[Except as to compounding for Duties.]

save and except as to so much of the said Acts, or either of them, herein mentioned or referred unto, as gave Power to the Commissioners of Excise, or to any other Person or Persons therein named, in England and Scotland respectively, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons for the Duties of such Malt which should grow due or payable from him, her, or them, by the said Acts or either of them; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 1. 3

[20,000l. shall be raised in Scotland by said Duty of 3d. per Bushel.]

---

IV. And Whereas it is the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, that the full and entire Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Charges and Expences of Management and Collection, shall be raised out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, by a Malt Tax, to be raised and levied as in England, by a Duty of Three-pence per Bushel on all Malt made and consumed in Scotland; and in case the said Duty of Three-pence per Bushel upon Malt, to be charged in Scotland by virtue of this Act, being duly surveyed and collected, shall not be sufficient effectually to raise and answer the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds

in nett Money, after all Charges and Deductions whatsoever, that then such Deficiency shall be made good by a Surcharge to be made upon all Makers of Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in proposition to the Malt they shall respectively make between the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One |n case of thousand eight hundred and ten, in case it shall appear to the Com- Deficiency, a missioners of Excise for the Time being, in that Part of Great Britain Surcharge shall called Scotland, that the Duty upon Malt made in Scotland, by this Act granted as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to answer the clear Sum of L Twenty thousand Pounds as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners of Excise, and the Officers under them, to make a propositional Surcharge upon all and every Person and Persons who shall have made any Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ within the Year ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, or so much Money, by way of additional Duty, upon all the Malt made by such Person or Persons respectively, as shall make good such Person or Persons propositional Part of such Deficiency; which said Surcharges shall be paid to the respective Collectors of the said Duties on Malt by the respective Persons on whom the same shall be so made, within One Month after the same shall be so surcharged, or in default thereof, the respective Person or Persons who shall neglect or refuse to make such Payment, shall forfeit Treble the Sum upon him, her, or them, respectively surcharged as aforesaid, to be recovered in fuefi Manner as the Duty of Three-pence per Bushel may be recovered by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament hereinbefore recited or referred unto; which said Surcharge by way of additional Duty for making good the Deficiency of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds (if any such Deficiency there shall be) shall be computed and settled as followeth; (that is to say,) as the particular Quantity of Malt made by each such Maltster or Maker of Malt in Scotland, within the said Year ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall bear Proposition to the whole Quantity of Malt made in Scotland within the same Year, so the particular Surcharge to be made upon such particular Maltster or Maker of Malt, for or towards making good the said Deficiency shall bear Proposition to the whole Sum which shall be found to be deficient as aforesaid.

[SurPlus (if any)

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Rate of Three-pence per Buftiel shall produce a

B2

greater Scotland, under

13 G. 1. c. 30.

4

C.i.

Act shall relate to the same Days of the Year as 1 G. 3. c. 3.

Malt brought into England from Scotland by Sea shall be entered at the Port of landing, and pay 3d. per Buthel additional.

Malt brought by Land shall be entered, &c, at Berwick or Curlifle.

Malt not so duly entered, shall be forfeited.

49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

greater Sum than the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds clear of all Charges of Management, the said Surplulage so produced over and above the said clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds shall be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting of rht Fishtries, and such other Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland\ as may most conduce to the general Good of the United Kingdom, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, in such Manner as dire&ed by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for encouraging and promoting Fisheries and other Manufactures and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

VI. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That in all Cases where the herein-before recited Act of the First. Year of His present Majesty's Reign did relate to any Day or Time within the Ytar which commenced from the Twenty-th'rd Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, this present Act doth and shall relate to the like Day and Time within the Year commenced from the said Twenty-thud Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Malt made in Scotland not to be cop fumed there, which at any Time or Times between the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be brought into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed shall, in case the same shall be brought by Sea, be entered with the Officer for the said Duties of the Port where the same shall be so brought into England, Wales§ or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed aforesaid, and the Sum of Sixpence ter Bnfhel for the Duties thereof shall be paid to such Officer before landing thereof, unless a Certificate from the proper Officer be produced that it hath paid the said Duty of Three-pence per Bushel in Scotland; and if such Certificate be produced, then there shall be paid no more than Three-pence per Bushel, by virtue of this Act, for such Malt so brought into England; and in case the same be brought by Land, such Malt shall pass and be carried by and through the Towns of Berwick or Carlisle, and there entered with the Officer for the said Duties, in such of the said Towns by or through which such Malt shall be so carried, and the like Duty of Sixpence per Bushel for the same shall be paid down in ready Money, unless such Certificate be produced as aforesaid; but upon producing thereof then there shall be paid no more than Three-pence per Bushel by virtue of this Act, on pain of forfeiting all such Malt, or the Value thereof, as shall be landed or put on Shore, or be brought into England without such Entry or Payment of Duties as aforesaid; and in case any Malt made in Scotland shall, during the said Term, be found coming out of Scotland, or be brought from thence by Land by or beyond the Towns before mentioned, without Entry or Payment of the Duties thereof, then all such Malt, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and maybe seized by any Officer of Excise, for His Majesty's Use, One Moiety of the aforesaid Forfeiture to be and go to the King's Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall inform, seize, or sue for the same, or the Value thereof, and to be recovered and levied by such Ways, Means, and Methods as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this or any the former Acts relating to the Malt Duties to be recovered and levied, or by Action of Debt, or opo*

the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine there shall be allowed to Maltsters and Makers of Malt, for Exportation, for every Twenty Quarters of Barley or other Corn or Grain which shall be made into Malt for Exportation, in Cases where by Law any Bounty is allowed on the Exportation of Malt, an Allowance of Thirty Quarters after the same shall be dried and made into Malt, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, though by their steeping, wetting, or watering the same, the said Twenty Quarters shall be run out to any greater Quantity exceeding the said Thirty Quarters.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after the shipping of any Malt made to be exported, the Malt so shipped to be exported, or any Part thereof, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, then and in every such Case alt the Malt which shall be relanded, and Treble the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, (that is to say) One Moiety thereof to the King, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same; and such Malt, so reianded, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

X. And Whereas Maltsters and Makers of Malt for Exportation do frequently mix the Produce of Two or more Steepings of Corn or

Grain that have been entered to be made into Malt for Exportation,

on or as soon as it comes off from the Kiln, by reason whereof the Officers for the Duties on Malt cannot ascertain the real Produce thereof, by which Means great Quantities of each Steeping of such Malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and made Use of for Home Consumption, though the same has not been charged with the Duty as all Malt made for Home Consumption ought to be Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, all and every Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her, or their Corn or Grain making into Malt for Exportation, of One Steeping or Wetting, when the same shall be on the Kiln, or after the same shall be taken off the Kiln, separate and apart from all and every Part of any other former Sceeping or Wetting of Corn or Grain, until the same shall have been me^sured by such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of some Officer or Officers for the Duty upon Malt, on Pain of forfeiting and loiing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and afier the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, all such Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall give Notice in Writing to some Officer or Officers of the Duties upon Malt, or shall leave Notice in Writing at the next Office of Excise where the Journal is k-pt of the Hour when he, she, or they shall intend to take any Malt off the K»ln or Kilns, that such Officer or Officers may attend the measuring of such Malt; ancEafcer such Malt has been measured, the same shall be immediately carried on Shipboard, if intended to be then exported, or elle shall be immediately locked up and ftcured in some Storehouse or other Place belonging

B 3 to

Maltsters for every 20 Quarters of Grain made into Malt, for Exportation,

shall be allowed .30 Quarters of Malt.

Mali shipped for Exportation, and relanded, forfeited.

Every Stamping Of Malt for Exportation shall he kept separate till measured. Penalty 50l.

Notice to Officers for taking Malt etf Kill)*. Penalty Sul.

C.t.

Penalty on clandestinely opening Locks of Storehouses, lool.

Maltsters having Malt stored on 24 June 1809, shall clear out Storehouses of Malt for Exportation within 15 Months*

and To from Time to Time.

Penalty 50l.

Persons becoming Maltsters for Exportation after 24 June >1809, {halt in like Manner clear their Storehouses every 15 Months. Penalty 50b

49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

to such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of the said Officer or Officers, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, if any such Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, by his Order, Privity, or Directior, after any Steeping or Making of Malt shall have been locked up and secured in any Storehouse or other Place or Places in Manner as aforesaid, shall open any of the Locks or Doors, or shall make any Way or Kind of Entrance into such Storehouse or other Place or Places, or shall remove any Part whatsoever of the Partition between any such Storehouse or Place, and any other Place or Places whatsoever next thereunto adjoining, or shall remove out of the said Storehouse or other Place, any Quantity whatsoever of the Malt that has been so locked up and secured, without the Knowledge and Consent of, or without first having given Notice to some Officer or Officers for the said Duties, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII. ' And, the better to enable the Officers so*- the Duties upon Malt to discover whether all such Malt made for Exportation, and that has been locked up and secured in any Storehouse or other Place or Places to be exported, has been really exported; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, that on the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall have any Quantity of Malt locked up and secured in any Storehouse or any other Place or Places as is before directed, to be expot ted, shall, within Fifteen Months next after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, remove and clear out of his Storehouse, or other Place or Places, all and every Part and Parcel thereof, that at any Time after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be loeited up and secured in such Storehouse or other Place in order to be exported; and shall always from Time to Time, in every Fifteen Month: -, remove and dear out of such Storehouse or other Place or Places in order to be exported, all and every Part or Parcel of Malt that at any Time within every Fifteen Months after the lad clearing shall be locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or in any other Place or Places that shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, all and every Person or Persons whatsoever that shall become Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, and shall make use of any Storehouse or Storehouses, Place or Places, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, shall, within Fifteen Months after the Beginning to make use of any such Storehouse or Storehouses, or such other Place or Places, remove and clear out of such Places, to be exported, all and every Part and Parcel of such Malt that at any Time or Times shall have been put into such Place or Places within Fifteen Months after he, she, or they shall have begun to make use of such Place or Places, and shall always from Time to Time remove and clear out of such Storehouse or other Place to be exported, all and every Quantity of Malt whatsoever that within every Fifteen

7

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.r.

Months after the lad clearing shall at any Time be locked up and secured in such Storehouse or Storehouses, or any other Place or Places that shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for any Offences against this Act, so far as the same relates to the said Duty on Malt, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture given by any of the Lawa of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, can or may be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, or by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and that One Moiety of such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XVI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty^ intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a 1 Land Tax, for one Tear, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty the several and respective Sums of Money granted to Your Majesty, by a Land Tax, for the Service

of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, which were or should be charged on any Manors, MeflungeSi Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Great Britain, are, -after the Twenty-fifth

Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, continued and made perpetual, with a Provision that the several Sums of Money charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Personal Estates, or upon any Person or Persons in respect of any Publick Office or Employment of Profit in the said Act mentioned, should, after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be ascertained, levied, collected, and paid according to the Directions of any Act or Acts to be passed for that Purpose; Be it therefore enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be charged upon Estates, in ready Money, Debts, Goo4p> Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and which were not authorised to be sold in or by another Act made and passed in the same Thirty-eighth Year, aforesaid, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and also the several Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign in respect of any Publick Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Pen lions, Stipends, or other Annual Payments, shall be continued, and raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His MajestV within the Space of One Year from the Twenty-

B 4 fifth

Recovery of Penalties,

S8 Geo. 9. c. 60.

Rates on Personal Estate charged by 38 G. 3. C. 3. and not authorised to be sold by 38 G. 3. c. 60. and on Office*, &c. shall be levied for one Year from 25 th v March 1809.

Ci.

A.D. 1809.

Sums charged on Personal Estates by 38G.C.C. 5.§3. shall be imposed on Parishes and raised on Personal Estates by a Pound Rate payable Quarterly.

OiRces and Employments rated by 3S G. i3 c. 5. (except Naval or Military Offices) frail pay the Rate afieffed thereon, under §^of that A'

49

GEO. III.

fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and shall be ascertained, assessect, and taxed in such Manner and Form as are herein* after expressed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be charged by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty*6 Reign on Personal Estates as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby set and imposed on the several and respective Parishes, Con (table wicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, wherein the same have been or (hah be so charged by virtue of the said last mentioned Act; and that towards raising the said several and respective Sums of Money hereby charged on the respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places in England, Wales, and Berwick-ubon-Tweed, in respect of such Personal Estate as aforesaid, all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Guilds, and Fraternities, within the same Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places respectively, having any Estate in ready Money, or in any Debts whatsoever owing to them within Great Britain or without, or having any Estate in Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate whatsoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in trust for them, (except and out of the Premise8 deducted such Sums as he, she, or they do bond jide owe, and such Debts owing to them as shall be adjudged desperate by the respective Commissioners appointed by this Act, and also except the Stock upon Lands, and such Goods as are uftd for Household Stuff, and also except such Loans and Debts as are or shall be owing from His Majesty to any Person or Persons,) shall be charged with as much Equality and Indifference as is possible, by a Pound Rate, that is to say, by an equal Pound Rate for every One hundred Pounds of such ready Money and Debts, and for every One hundred Pounds worth of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, and so for any lesser or greater Sum or Value, for or towards the said several and respective Sums by this Act set or imposed, or intended to be set or imposed, for and upon all and every such Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places hereby charged therewith as aforesaid; so that by the said Rates so to be taxed or assessed as aforesaid for or upon the said ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this present Act, the full and entire Sums hereby set or imposed, or intended to be set and imposed, in England, Wales, and Berwick as aforesaid, upon the said Personal Estates, shall be completely and effectually taxed, assessect, levied, and collected, and shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer by Four quarterly Payments, the first Payment thereof to be made on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nine.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for and towards raising the several Sums of Money charged as last aforesaid on Persons in respect of Publick Offices or Employments of Profit, all and evny Person and Persons, and all and every Commissioner and Commissioners having, using, or exercising any Publick Office or Employment of Profit in England, Wales, or Berwick as aforesaid, which is or shall be rated or assesstd by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.I.

to His Majesty ly a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty and ail and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries, Substitutes, and other inferior Ministers whatsoever (such Military Officers who are or shall be in muster by the Muster-Master-General of His Majesty's A rmy, or in Pay in His Majesty's Army or Navy in respect of such Offices only, excepted) shall yield and pay unto His Majesty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which such Office or Employment was aflefftd in the Year commencing from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by virtue of the said Act passed in the th'rty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand ftyen hundred and ninety-eight; and that all and every Person and Persons, Guilds, Fraternities, Bodies Politick and Corporate, having an Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in England, or out of any Branch of His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain, or payable, or secured to be paid by any Person or Persons whatsoever in Great Britain (not being or issuing out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or charged upon the same, or included in any Assessment made upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, mentioned in the said Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty and cot being Annifities or yearly Payments which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made, are or shall be especially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids) shall yield and pay unj.o His Majesty the Sum of Four Shillings for every Twenty Shillings by the Year for every such Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or yearly Payment respectively, and after that Rate for One whole Year } the said several Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted to b>e afTciLd, impeded, levied, and colltdled, in such Manner as herein after is mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That for the better afiefsing, ordering, levying, and collecting of the several Sums of Money so as last aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and psid in the aforesaid part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, in respect of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, and for the more efftdual putting this Act in Execution, in reference to the same, all and every the Person and Persons who in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this SeJ/ion of Par Tiament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England, and an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, were named and appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution the same Acts within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and Places of England, Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according to the said Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of

Commissioners of Land Tax appomted by

48 G. 3. C. 102, shall put thi*

A & in l; xeca-tion, &c.

[<S« Afo

49 G* 3. c. S5 J

*G>

C.t.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Commissioners shall meet before 3ft May 1809, to inspect Assessments to Q5th March, on Personal Estates as dif-tinct from Lands, and shall before 3 Otb May return Schedules of Assessment to Receiver General and the Exchequer.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thou find seven hundred and ninety eight, in that Behalf, shall, together with any other Persons that may be appointed by any Act to be made in this Session of Parliament, be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parities, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, situate within the same Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towqs, Divisions, and Places respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners lall aforesaid shall meet together at the most usual and common Places of Meeting within their respective Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapen-takes, Wards, and other Divisions respectively, within England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, within which they are appointed Commissioners, on or before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, and shall meet afterwards in like Manner as often as it shall be necessary, for putting so much of this Act in Execution a3 is hereby committed to their Care and Charge; and the said Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at such Meeting or Meetings, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and required to inspect and examine the Assessments made by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, for the Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and ascertain the several and respective Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, in every Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, for or in respect of any Ellate in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, and also for or in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, as aforesaid, by any Assessment made for the said Year ending on the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and separate, divide, and set down in Writing, the Amount of the several and respective Sums charged upon Estates, in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, and also the several and respective Sums charged in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, as aforesaid, from the Monies charged in such Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, or Places by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Schedule or Duplicate in Parchment under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the whole Sum assessed on each Parish, Constable wick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where any Assessment shall have been made upon Personal Eflatts, or in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, and also the Christian Names, and Surnames, of the respective Afltflors and Collectors under the Receiver General of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town and Place respectively, where such Assessments shall have been made, or his Deputy, and shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted, a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King's Remembrancer's Office of the Exchequer, and this the Commissioners shall cause to be done on or before the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, for which Duplicates the

C.i-

It

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. III.

Receiver and Remembrancer, or their respective Deputies, shall give to the Person who brings the same, a Receipt in Writing, gratis, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be recovered to the King's Use, as other Penalties are by this Act recoverable.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Pariflt or Place in which any Assessment shall have been, or shall be made, under and by virtue of the said last recited Act, on any Person or Persons in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, by any Assessment for the Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall, from and after that Time, be wholly discharged from so much or the Sums to be levied upon such Parish or Place, according to the Propositions established under the said recited Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in, and by the said Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, are provided and established for ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates and Assessments granted by the said last mentioned Act; and which by the said other Act passed in the same Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein jlated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Lay of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, are continued and made perpetual, in relation to the Rates and Assessments charged on Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and Purchase thereof, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the said last mentioned Rates, Assessments, and Sums of Money to be charged, assessed, and levied by virtue of this Act, in respect of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re.enacted in this Act.

XXIII. Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne was charged in the Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four-pence, Part whereof has been raised and charged on the Duty herein after mentioned; And whereas by Two Acts, One thereof passed in the Thirty.ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke,

and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on CoalsJhipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the same, by way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fundi and the other thereof passed in the Thirty-ninth

Receipts for Schedules.

Places where Assessments have been made for the Year ending 25 th March 1809, discharged from the Sums levied.

Powers and Penalties of 38 G. 3. c. 5. and c. 60. extended to this Act.

Under

38 G. 3. c. 5. Newcastle-on-Tyne was charged with a certain Sum, Part thereof raised 011 the Amount of the Duty on Coals; which under

39 G. 3. c. 84. 39, 40 G. 3. c. 43- was purchased from the Duke of Richmond, and the said Duty was velted in the 1 Crown,

IX

C.t.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Ob Certificate from Commissioners of Land Tax for New-cafUe to the Exchequer of the Sums charged on the said Duty, Exchequer may }large the Juae.

Where Deficiencies do arise, new Af-fcflra«rts shall be made.

and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond,

in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majestyi intituled An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contrad with the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on Coals flipped in the River Tyne, to be eonfumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the same by way of Annuity, payable out of the ConfoTidated Fund f and by virtue of the Agreement therein recited, the said Duty from and after the Twenty ftcond Day of August Otic thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, was veiled in, and made

payable to His Majesty, His Heir3 and Successors, and the same

bath ever Cnee been collected with and paid as the other Duties of

Customs have been collected and paid; and it is therefore just that the said Town and County of the said Town, Should, from the above Period, be exonerated and discharged from the Amount annually charged on the said Duty as aforesaid; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Town and County to certify to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, what Sum and Sums of Money have been charged on the Duty in the said Two last-recited Acts mentioned since the Day of the Surrender of the same, by virtue of the said Two last-repited Acts, and the Agreement therein mentioned; and the said Barons, or any Two or more of them, bave hereby Power, by their Discretions, at any Time before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred anjJ nine, to discharge or cause to be discharged so much of the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four-pence, as shall appear to them to have been charged on the said Duty, since the said Twenty-second Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and the said Sums shall or may be discharged upon the Duplicates returned pr to be returned for the said Town and County, and shall be allowed upon the Accounts of the Receivers-General, and the Jphabitants of the said Town and County shall be acquitted against His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of such Sums so discharged, or ordered to be discharged, by the Baron§ of the said Exchequer, as well for the Assessments heretofore made, as for all Assessments hereafter to be made; any Thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Propositions set by this Act upon all and every the respective Parishes, Constabler wicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed\ in respect of any such Personal Estate as aforesaid, shall not be fully aft {ltd, levied, and paid, according to the true Meaning thereof, or if any of the said Assessments, in respect of such Personal Estate, shall be rated or imposed upon any Person not being of Ability to pay the same, or that through any Wilfulness, Neglect, Mistake, or Accident, the said Assessment charged in each Parish or Place is aforesaid by virtue of this Act, happens not to be paid to the Receiver General, fys Deputy or Deputies, as in this Act is directed; that then and in all and every such Case or Cases, the several and respective Commissioners, Assessors, and Collectors* aft in g

C. i

*3

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III.

in the Execution of this Act in relation to the said Duties on Personal Estates, and the said lalh mentioned Duties in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, Stiptnds, and other yearly Payments, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorised and required to assess and re-affess, or cause to be aflVffed and re-afleffect, levied, and paid, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the resptdive Parishes or Places wherein such Deficiencies shall happen, as to such Commissioners, or such Number of them as by this Att are authorised to cause the said first Assessment hereby reqqired to be madei shall seem rood agreeable to Equity and Justice; the said new Assessment to be made, collected, and paid in such Manner and by such Means a6 in this Act or atoy Ad hereby referred to, is declared and directed for other Assessments.

XXV. And in order to ascertain more particularly the Mode of

aflVfiing and rating the several Persons who shall be charged with any

Rate or Assessment in respect of ary Estates in ready Money, Debts,

or Personal Estate in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon Tweed; Be it further enacted, That every Person who is or shall be rated for or in rtfptd of any Personal Estate to him or her anyways belonging, shall be rated at such Place where he or she shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act; and alt Persons not being Householders, nor having a certain Place of Residence, shall be taxed at the Place where they shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act; and if any Person who ought to be taxed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon-Tweed, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, shall, at the Time of his or her Assessment, be out of the Realm, such Person shall be rated therefore in such Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Flace, 'where he was lad abiding within this Realm.

XXVI. Provided always, That where any Person shall hare any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or Personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Parish, Con liable wick, Division, Allotment, or Place where he or she, shall be resident, or had his or her Residence, it shall be lawful at any Time before the Twenty fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine, to rate and affrfs such Person for such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or Personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the same shall be: Provided also, that if any Person or Persons by reason of his, her, or their having several Mansion Houses or Places of Residence, or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any Personal Estate by occasion of this Act, then upon Certificate made by any Two or more of such Commissioners for the County, Riding, City, or Place of his, her, or their last Personal Residence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her, or them (which Certificate the said Commissioners are hereby required to give without Delay, Fee, or Reward), and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Two such Commissioners who have Authority to put this Act in Execution for the County, Riding, City, or Place, where the said Certificate shall be made, (which Oath such Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to administer,) then the Person or Persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be certified, be discharged in every other Parish,

C^nltablcwick,

Persons shall be rated where resident;

or, if oat of the Kingdom, at the Place of their last Abode.

Personal Estate shall be aflTefled where it shall be, though the Possefibr residea elsewhere.

Persons doubly rated shall be relieved on Certificate,

u

Exemption of Personal Estate in Scotland, Ireland, See.

Persons avoiding the Tax, charged Treble.

Penalty on Housekeepers not giving Lift oi Lodgers, 5l.

Members of Parliament shall be rated at their Mansion Houses.

Inhabitants of Towns shall be sfTeffed in the Parish where they reside.

C.l. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Constablewick, Dirifion, Allotment, or Place iu England, or

Berwick-upon - Tweed

XXVII. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland\ Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey, for afle fling any such Personal Estate which they, or any to their Use, have within those Places, for or towards the said Sum hereby authorised to be charged upon any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, as aforesaid; and if any Person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, shall, by changing his or her Place of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, escape from the Taxation, and not be taxed, and the same be proved before the Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, at any Time within One Year next after such Tax made, every Person that shall so escape from the Taxation and Payment, shall be charged upon Proof thereof, at Treble the Value of so much as he or she should or ought to have been charged at by this Act; the said Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners before whom such Proof shall be made, to be levied on the Goods, Lands, and Hereditaments of such Persons.

XXVIII. And, for the better Discovery of Personal Estate*intended to be charged by this Act/ be it further enacted, That every Househokler in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall upon Demand of the Act'cffors of the respective Parishes or Places give an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons as shall sojourn or lodge in their respective Houses, under the Penalty of forfeiting to His Majesty the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as any other Penalty in this Act mentioned shall and may be levied and recovered.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Members of Parliament who at the Execution of this Act, during this or the subsequent Session of Parliament, shall abide within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs of the same, or within the County of Middlesex, shall, for or in respect of their ready Money or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Personal Estate or Persons in respect thereof, during this or the Dext Session of Parliament, be assessed only in the Places where such Members have their Mansion Houses, or other Places where they most usually reside during the Intervals of Parliament; and in case any Assessor or Commissioner shall assess, or cause to be assessed, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provision hereby made, he or they shall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, together with full Costs of Suit; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, That where any Person liable to be rated in respect of such Personal Estate, and inhabiting within the City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate in England\ Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, hath his Dwelling House in One of the Parishes or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in any One or more of the other Parishes or Wards within the same, that then such Person shall be taxed, charged, and assessed for such his Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Parish or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere, within the said City and Town Corporate.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. Ci. ij

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Officers in the Officers of Ex-Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and in other the Publick chequer, See.^Offices, upon Request to them made by the respective Assessors, shall deliver lifts deliver, gratis, true Lifts or Accounts of all Pensions, Annuities, Annufrie^&c. Stipends, or other Annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries, and to Commis. other Allowances, payable at the said Receipt, or in the said Publick sioners, and in.Offices, to any Commissioner or Commissioners, Officer or Officers, for default of Pay-the Execution of this Act, for the better Guidance of the said Ijent of the Assessors in the charging of the same; and that in all Cases where £0p '^any Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or other yearly Payments, or the the^nsion, &e. Fees, Salaries, Wages, or other Allowances or Profits charged by this Act, shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Publick Office, or by any of His Majesty's Receivers or Paymasters in England, Wales} and Berwick-upon-Tweed^ the said last mentioned Tax or Payment, which in pursuance of this Act shall be charged for or in respect of such Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries,

Wages, Allowances or Profits, shall and may (in case of Non-payment thereof) be detained and stopped out of the same, or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees,

Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and \

be applied to the Satisfaction of the Rates and Duties not otherwise

paid as aforesaid; and the proper Officers in the said Exchequer, and

other the Publick Offices aforesaid, {tall keep true Accounts of all

Monies stopped, and (upon Request) shall give Copies of such Accounts to the proper Collectors of such Monies for the respective

Parishes or Places where the said Monies are assessed by this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in England, Officers shall pay Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, rated or assessed for his Office or Em- where employed, ployment, shall be rated and pay for his said Office or Employment in the County, City, or Place, where the same shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arising by such Office or Employment are payable elsewhere: Provided always, that the Right Honourable Officers in the Master of the Rolls, the Matters in Chancery, Six Clerks, Clerks Chancery shall of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Registers, Clerks of the Inrolments, be assessed in the Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Office, and all other the Officers m £erty^J of the Court of Chancery, that execute their Offices within the*C ers>*Liberties of the Rolis, shall be there assessed to the said last mentioned Duties for their respective Offices, Salaries* and other Profits, and not elsewhere; and the said Matters in Chancery for the Time being, and the said Six Clerks and Registers for the Time being, shall be the Commissioners for putting in Execution, and shall put in Execution this Act, with relation to the last mentioned Duties, within the said Liberty, and exercise the Powers therein contained; and that all Annuities, Stipends, and Pensions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and assessed to the said last mentioned Duties where such Officers are rated and assessed for their Offices, and not elsewhere; and that all other Pensions, Stipends, and An- Pensions ratable nuities in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed\ not charged where payable, upon Land?, shall be charged and assessed in the Parishes and Places where they are payable.

XXXIII. And Whereas divers Offices and Employments of

Profit, chargeable by this Act, are executed by Deputy, and the

principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Parish,

or Place, where such Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates

5 4 and

Where Office is executed by Dejmty, the Asseflinrnt shall Jbe paid by him.

The Queen or Royal Family not charg able in respect of Annuities.

Superannuated Sea Officers, &c. not chargeable.

Nor Tollkeepers.

Residentiaries not chargeable in certain Cases.

Said Duties shall not be charged on Pensions, &.C. specially exempted.

C.i. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

and A{RAments For such particular Offices and Employments cannot be recovered without grent Charge and Difficulty Be it therefore enacted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by thin Ad, 19 or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall pay such AflVfTment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the same out of the Profits of such Office or Employment; and m case of Refusal or Non-payment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Distress 89 by this Act is prescribed against any Pci son having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remed es and Penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like Remedies and Penalties for the recovering the Monies affifird upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year One thousand seven hundred and six. and for any fuhfequeot Year not yet satisfied in all Cases where the Accounts of those Years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the Exchequer.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not charge, or be con-ilrued to charge Her Majesty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in respect of any Annuities or yearly Payments granted to her said Majesty and to their said Royal HighneflVs, but that such Sums of Money, Annuities or yearly Payments, and her said Majesty and their Royal High^dTes, and their Treasurers, Receivers General, and Servants for the Time being, in respect of the lame, shall be free and clear from ail Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever: Provided also, that this Act, or any of the several Clauses herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Pensions of any superannuated Commission or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Pensions of Widows of Sea or1 Land Officers /lain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the most Noble Order of the Garter; or the Pensions of the Poor Knights of Windsor, payable out of the Exchequer only; or to charge a certain Pension of One hundred Pounds, granted by the late King Charles the Second, to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Man; or to charge the Pensions or Salaries of His Majesty's P^ges of Honour, or of the Officers and Persons employed or to be employed in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliaments for making, repairing, oj maintaining any Publick Roads, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary arising thereby.

XXXV. And Whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to the

Residentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in England and Wales, arc chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid,

and in some Cases the Overplus of the said Rents and Revenues above

such Tax, Repair?, and other Charges, is to go in Shares for the

Maintenance of the said Rdidentiarits, which Shares are diminished

by the said Land Tax; it is hereby provided and enacted, That in such Cases the said Pwcfidentianes shall not by this Act, or any of the Clauses therein contained, be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit cut of the said Rents and Revenues; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained in relation to the said several Sums of Money charged as last; aforesaid on Persons in respect of Publick Offices or Employments of Profit or Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, or other Annual Payments before described, shall extend or be construed to

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.u 1J

extend to charge or to authorize the deducing from or assessing any Person ia any Case in which the Salary, Wage9, Fees, Perqmfites or Gratuities payable in respect of such Office or Employment of Profit, or in which the Annuity, Petition, Stipend, or other Aonual Payment shall have been specially exempted from the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any Act of Parliament, or in any Case in which any Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any Office or Employment, or any other Annual Payment which shall be payable to such Person in respect of such Office or Employment, or of his having held any such Office or Employment, shall by any Order of His Majesty in Councillor by any Warrant under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, have been directed to be paid net or without Deduction, or in any Case in which the Surat afT* (Ted on ary such Saiary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment shall by like Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury have been directed to be repaid or reimbursed to the Person assessed, out of any Part of the Publick Revenue of Great Britain: Provided always, that the Authority for the Payment, net or without Deduction, of the Salary,

Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment, or the Repayment of the Duty affined on the Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment aforesaid, shall be respectively certified by some principal Officer in the Department to which such Officer of Employment belongs, to be so'paid net or without Deduction, or to be repaid out of the said Revenue.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

Stamp Duty shall be charged orchargeable for any Receipts given by Receipts any Receiver General of the Land Tax to any Collector for Payment exempt from of Money made by virtue of this Act, any Statute to the contrary Stamp Duty, thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty- Dutiescm Sugar

eighth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act granted by

1 for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner 27 G. a. c. 13.

therein fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain g* q

as a Land Tax, for One Tear, jrom the Twenty fifth Day of March (alteredby

One thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty it was enacted, that the 43 G. 3. c. as.)

several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three Acts of the Twenty- onMaltby

seventh. Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-le vent h Years of the Reign of 27 £*.?*13*,

' His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Snuff

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Duties of Excise 29 g. 3; c. 68.

on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year (altered by

of the Reign of His present Majesty, should continue in Force until 43 G. 3. c. 69.)

the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and filmed bj

ninety-nine, and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and ^MardTigos,

determine unless the same should be specially continued by Parliament, further continued

which said several Duties were by an Act made and passed in the to as March ' Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, entituled,

An act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on PenJions, t6*4*

Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of ct'*

' Berwick-uppn-Twetd, and certain Duties on Sugar, Mall, Tobacco,

+and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and which, by several subsequent Acts,

were further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight:. And whereas by an Act passed

49° GEO. III. C 'ill

L-

15s C.I. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

in the Forty-thirds Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof the said several Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar in lieu thereof: And whereas by another A &, passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof certain of the said Duties on Licences to be taken but by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas the said Duties granted by the said last recited Acts, were continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight: And whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco- and Sr.uff, together with the said Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were by an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the Twenty-y fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine; Be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and the said Act9 granting and continuing the same, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby several lyand respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and all Monies arising thereby which shall be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and diilinft from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

Monies paid into,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided

11ir Exchequer an(j kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's flittll be entered Exchequer, One Book of Register, in which all the Money that separate from shall be paid into the Exchequer for the said Rates and Duties hereby other Payments, granted on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff; and also the Rates and Assessments hereby granted on Personal Estates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Pensions, Annuities, and Stipends, hereinbefore mentioned, shall be entered and registered apart, and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

Treasury ma?

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the by Exch°°uer °*Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, at any Time or Times, to bills; cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, in the same or

like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prefenbed in and by an Act 4SG. 3. c. 1. made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills. Clauses &c. in

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, 48 G. a. c. 1. Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and relating ter Ex- Disabilities, contained in the said recited Act made in the Forty-eighth

chequer Bills, Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for

applied to this regulating the issuing and paying off Exchequer Bills, shall be applied and

extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act,

as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Aftr

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. III.

C.i.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bilh to be made out in pursuance of this Act, shall and may bear au Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

XLIII. And be it declared and further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorised by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money nof exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing in an Act, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years f the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vejftlsy and upon Beer, Ale> and other Liquors; and for fecu ring certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One Million fve hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIV. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Tie3fury shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act, to be placed as so much Cash in the respective Offices of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and every of which Teller shall be severally charged with a Proposition of the said Biila which shall be so placed in his Office respectively; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And it is hereby also enacted and declared, That the said Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked up, and secured as Cash, according to the Course of the Exchequer, and shall be taken and esteemed as Co much in part of the Remains, in Real Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers shall from Time to Time Hand charged, in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall be, and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted by this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby authorised, from Time to Time, to direct to be issued to the said Paymasters, by way of Imprest, and upon account, such Sums of Money, and at such Periods, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, for or towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, or any of them, and for and towards paying the Interest to become due on the said Bills, and for and toward* the Charge of exchanging and circulating*the same Bills, or any of them.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, or within Ten Days after, the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or anjr Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing, to be taken and attested by the proper Officers, of the*Amount of all Exchequer

C 2 Bills

*9

Interest on Exchequer Bills 4l. per Cent.

Bank of England authorised to advance

3, 000, 0001. on Credit of this

a a.

5 St 6 Gul. and Maty, c. 30.

§ 30.

Said Exchequer Bills shall be placed as Cash in the Exchequers

and shall be iifuable thereout in common with other Monies.

Said Exchequer Bills and Interest charged on Duties granted by this

Manner of paying off said Bills.

Account of said Exchequer Bills shall be made out up to 2d March 1810.

Money remaining due charged on the then next Aids.

Surplus shall be carried to Consolidated Fund.

Treasury may allow out of the Consolidated Fund, Charges et making out the Exchequer Bills.

Su'd Charges shall b(* replaced out of the First Supplies.

C. 1, 2, 3. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Bills that shall have been issued by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof shall before that Time have been paid off or discharged, and how much thereof shall then remain undilchr.rged.

XLVIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies so remaining unsatisfied or not discharged, with the interest due or to grow due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted and imposed by this Act, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of this Act, together with the interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

L. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and allow or caHfe to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to anse of or for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the Consolidated Fund, from Time to Time, the necessary Charges of making forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorised to be made forth, and such other Charges as shall be necessarily incident, in or for the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof in relation to the said Bills, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Consolidated Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the First Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §52.

CAP. II.

An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[22d February 1809.]

ft Treasury empowered to raise 10, 500, 000l. by Exchequer Bills. §1, 2. Principal of said Billa charged on the first Supplies of next Session. §3. interest thereon 3-d. per Cent, per Diem. §4. Said Bills shall be current at the Exchequer, &c. after 5th /Ipril 1809. §5. Bank( of England empowered to advance 6, 500, 000l. on Credit of this Act. §6. Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §7.

CAP. III.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[22d February 1809.] [On the Me Terms as under Cap. 2. of this Session.]

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III.

CAP. IV.

An Act to allow a certain Proposition of the Militia of Great Britain to enlist voluntarily into the Regular Forces.

WHEREAS it is necessary that the most efRAual Measures

should be taken for augmeming His Majesty's Regular Forces; and it is therefore expedient to allow so many of the Militia of Great Britain as will leave serving, including Corporals, Three-fifths of the Number of the Establishment in Rank and File of each Regiment

of Militia, to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Foroes, under certain

Provisions and Restrictions; and to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of the Men so voluntarily enlisting: May it therefore please

Your Majesty that it may be enacted/ &c.

His Majesty may appoint Regiments of the Regular Forces into which Militia Men may enlist. § i. Number of Men to be enlisted shall not exceed such Number as will leave serving Three-fifths of the Establishment. §2. Where the Number of Men in any " Regiment exceeding Three-fifths of the present Establishment shall be less than Two-fifths of the Establishment in 1807; such Two- fifths may enlist. §3. Commanding Officer shall ascertain Numbers willing to enlist, and if it be Five-sixths of the Number allowed, f* no more shall be enlisted without Consent of the Commanding Officer. §4. His Majesty may appoint Officers to approve or reject Men $ but none shall be rejected who are Five Feet Four Inches 44 (except for Marines), and under Thirty-five Years of Age, unless disabled. §5. Men enlisted into the Regulars may be transferred to the Marines. $ 6. Commanding Officer of every Regiment, out of which the Proposition of Five-sixths shall not enlist within the first Thirty Days, shall read His Majesty's Order, and explain the Terms of Enrolment, &c. §7. If the Number who shall then enlist shall not be the due Proposition, a further Enlistment may " take place for Seven Days. §8. After said Seven Days, no further enlisting (unless with Consent of Commanding Officer) for One Month; then Three Days more enlisting, and again, after One 11 Month more, and afterwards for Three Periods of Three Days each, 44 at Intervals of Three Months. None shall be allowed to enlist after the Expiration of the last Period. §9. (But fee 49 G. 3. c. 53. §32.) 44 As soon as the Number to be enlisted from any Regiment is afeer- tained, they shall be discharged, and if approved, attested. § i£>. 44 Lieutenants of Counties shall transmit to the Privy Council the Number of Men discharged, &c. § jt. No Person in Confinement, 44 or having been punished under Sentence of a Court-martial within Three Months preceding, shall be entitled to enlist without Consent of Commanding Officer, &c. J 12. Clerks, Drummers, Musicians, u Armourers, ard Artillery Men, shall not enlist without Consent of the Commanding Officer. §13 One Serjeant and One Corporal may enlist for every Twenty Men, with Consent of Commanding Officer. §14. Commanding Officers may refuse to discharge Men upon Cauie assigned to the Commander of t District, Sec, § j f' Persons discharged refusing to enlist, or not approved of, shall continue to belong to the Regiment from which discharged. §16. A A shall 1* not authorize enlisting or persuading to enlist any Militia Man not

[13th March 1809.]

c 3

Number of Men

to be enlisted stall not exceed such Number as will leave serving Three-fifths of the Establish-mer.t in each Regiment, whether augmented or not*

C. 4, y. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

duly discharged. §17. His Majesty may issue Orders to Lieutenants of Counties and Commanding Officers, for executing the Act, §18. No Person shall be drafted from the Regiment in which he enlisted, without his Consent. &c. §19. On Production to Commanding Officer of Certificates by Magistrates of En.illrr.vnt, Men shall be discharged from the Lift of Men serving for the County. §2Q. Adjutants of Mditia shall transmit Returns of Mem enlisted to Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, and the Allowance to their Families shall cease, &c. §21. Ad shall not extend to London. §22, Provisions relating to Countits and Regiments extended to Scewartries, Battalions, &c. §23. Act may be altered or repealed this 4t Session. §24.

CAP. V.

An Act to allow a certain Proposition of the Militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces.

[13th March 1809.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that the most effectual Measures should be taken for augmenting His MajestyV. Regular Forces;

and it is therefore expedient to allow a certain Proposition of the Militia in Ireland to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces, under certain Provisions and Restridions; and to enable His M a jetty to accept the Services of the Men so voluntarily enlisting: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted/ &c.

4< His Majesty, by Order, signified by the Lord Lieutenant of "Ireland, See. may appoint Regiments of the Regular Forces into l, ti which Militia Men may enlist. § r.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be enlisted out of any Regiment of the said Militia, shall not m any Case.exceed such Number of the Private Men of such Militia as will leave serving, including Corporals, Three-fifths of the Number of the EllabliftimcRt in Rank and File of such Regiment, according to the Establishment thereof at the Time of such Enbftment, whether such Establishment shall have been augmented or not, under or by virtue of any Ad m Force 1 n* Ireland for that Purpose; and ti» case the Militia of any County shall consist of more than One Battalion, the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, shall afeertaio the Number of Private Men that may be allowed to enlist out of each such Battalion, by the Proposition which the Number of Private Men serving in each Battalion bears to the whole Number of Private Men actually serving n the Militia of such County, and shall signify to the Commanding Officers of each of such Battalions, the Number of Private Men that may be allowed to enlist out of their respective Battalions.

Mode and Periods of enlisting. $ 3 — 8. (As under §4 — 9. of 44 49 G. 3* r. 4. ref petting the British Militia. Andfee 49 G. 3. c. 56. §12. 44 as to further Periods of enlisting.) Discharge of Men enlisted. §9. 4< [As §10. of 49 G. 3. £.4.) Regulations respecting Persons in Con- finemens, Clerks, I>rummers, Serjeants, See. 8cc. §10 — 16.

[As §12 44 — 17. of 49 G. 3 c. 4.) His Majesty may issue such Orders through the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, 8cc. to Governors, &c. of Counties, and to Commanding Officers, as he may think necessary
---
A.D .1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 5, 6, 7. 23

"for executing this Act. §17. Account of the Number of Men discharged from the Militia shall be transmitted by Commanding Officer to the Lord Lieutenant. §18."

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Relief of Prisoners in Custody for Non-payment of Money pursuant to Orders of Courts of Equity.

[13th March 1809.]

'WHEREAS it is just and highly expedient that the Benefit of an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

[32 G. 2. c. 28.]

intituled An Act for Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit; and of an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[33 G. 3. c. 5.]

intituled An Act for the further Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons. and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit; and of an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[37 G. 3. c. 85.]

intituled "An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled 'An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit' as relates to the Weekly Sums thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners in Execution for Debt, in the Cases therein mentioned;" should be extended to Prisoners in Custody for Contempt of Court, by not paying Money ordered to be paid by Decrees or Orders of Courts of Equity;' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Persons in Custody for Contempt of Courts of Equity for Non-payment of Money or Costs, shall be entitled to the Benefit of the recited Acts.]

That from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons who are or shall be in Custody for Contempt of any Court of Equity, by not paying any Sum or Sums of Money or Costs, ordered to be paid by any Decree or Order of any such Court, shall be entitled to the Benefit of the said several Acts of Parliament, and shall be subject to all the same Terms and Conditions as are therein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only; and that it shall be lawful for Persons now in Custody for such Contempt to make Application for Relief under the said Acts of Parliament, at any Time before the End of Michaelmas Term next.

CAP. VII.

An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom, for a limited Time.

[13th March 1809.]

[See 48 Geo. 3. c. 118.]

'WHEREAS the circumstances under which it was deemed expedient to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, still exist; and it is. therefore necessary to continue the said

24 C. 7, 8. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.
---
Prohibition, for a Time to be limited, and to enable His Majesty, by Proclamation, if he shall judge it for the Benefit and Advantage of His Kingdom, either to terminate or further continue such Prohibition for a Time to be limited: 9 Be it therefore enacted, &c.

In England, in Accounts of Sugar-Waft liable to Duties under

46 G. 3. c. 152. Credit stall be given for 21 Gallons Spirits to every 100

Waft.

ilt

as March I10, 4915.3. c.lOS.j

4< From the passing of this Act Distillation from Grain prohibited throughout the United Kingdom till Dec. 31, 1809. §1. After October 1, 1809, His Majesty by Proclamation, &c. may permit Distillation from Grain (except Wheat); or may continue the Prohibition throughout the United Kingdom from Dec. 31. until Forty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament. §2. Penalty for using Grain for Distillation during the Prohibition, 300/ &c. §3. Distillers taking into their Custody, during the Prohibition, Grain which shall have been ground (except Malt not exceeding Two Quarters, or Wheat Meal or Flour not exceeding One Sack) shall forfeit 500l. and the Grain. §4. Exemptions for Distillers who are Millers. §5. Distillers may have in their Custody ground Grain at any Time within Twenty Days of the Expiration of the Prohibition. §6.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise in England having any Still or Still-house or other Place used for the Purpose of making or distilling Spirits under his Survey, shall keep exact Accounts in his Books of all Worts and Waft whereon the Duties are imposed by an Act made and passed in the la ft Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, and stall in his said Books give unto the several Distillers or Makers of Spirits under his Survey a Credit after the Rate or Proposition of Twenty-One Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof for every One Hundred Gallons of Wort or Waft brewed or made from Sugar by such Distiller or Distillers, during such Time as such Distiller or Distillers shall continue to work or distil Spirits from Sugar.

4< Former Acts, (except as hereby altered,) shall remain in Force. §8. 4C Penalties may be recovered and applied as under former Laws of u Excise. §9.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to suspend the Importation of British or Irish made Spirits into Great Britain, or Ireland respectively, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[13th March 1809.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arifen whether the Regulations under which the Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties paid or payable on Spirits the Manofacture of Great Britain and Ireland imported from either Country into the other, do not operate as a 4 Bounty on the Exportation of Spirits from Great Britain to Ireland, and a Duty on the Exportation ot Spirits from Ireland to Scotland, contrary to the Sixth Article of the Act of Union; and it is therefore expedient to suspend the Importation of Irish made Spirits into Great Britain and of British made Spirits into Ireland for a Time to be limited, until proper Provision can be made for regulating the Inurcouife between Great Britain and Ireland, in relation to Spirits

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 8, 9.

Spirits the Manufafture of either Country f Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, no Spirits distilled or made in Ireland shall be imported or brought into any Part of Great Britain, nor shall any Spirits of British Manufacture be imported or brought into any Part of Ireland, on Pain of forfeiting all such Spirits so imported or brought into either Country contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of thiyAft, together with the Cafksor Packages containing the same, and also the Ships, Boats, or Vessels, in which the same shall be brought or imported; and all such Spirits, Calks, Packages, Ship?, Boat?, or Vessels, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise.

Penalty may be remitted by Commissioners of Excise, on Proof 41 that the Vessils cleared out with the Spirits before March 8, 1809, " and on Security for the Re-exportation. §2. Penalties may be recovered as under former Excise Laws. §3.

CAP. IX.

An Act to grant Bounties on the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland from Great Britain, until the Eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine; and to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, so far as relates to Importers of Flax Seed.

[13th March 1809.]

4i Bounty of Fivf Shillings for every Bushel of Flax Seed imported 4t into Ireland, having been exported from Great Britain between 8ttk 4i March and 8th April 1809. § I. Bounty limited to the First 50, 000 "'Bushels imported. §2. Regulations prescribed by 42 Geo. 3. c. 75. 44 and Geo. 3. c. 42. shall be observed in the Importation. §3. 4i Bounty shall be paid by Collectors of Customs under Orders of the Commissioners of Customs. §.4.

V. 1 And Whereas itrte expedient that the said Act, made in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, should be amended in Manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That when any Person shall have imported or shall import any Flax Seed into Ireland, and such Flax Seed shall have been or shall be duly inspected and examined, branded and marked as found and fit for sowing, according to the Directions and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year aforesaid, the Importer of any such Flax Seed shall not be subject or liable to the Penalty of Ten Pounds Ten Shillings, under the said recited Act, for or in respect of any such Seed so branded and marked for its being bad, mixed, or damnified Flax Seed, or Flax Seed unfit for sowing, which fuefi Importer shall fell at any Time after the passing of this Act, between the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the First Day of July in any Year, nor to the Forfeiture of any such Flax Seed, nor the Calks or Packages containing the same, nor of the Price thereof when fold: Provided always, that such Importer so felling

W

Until June 1, 1809, no Irish Spirits shall be imported into Great Britain, nor British Spirits imported into Ireland,

[Penalty.]

Importer of Flax Seed shall not be subject t# Penalty of lol. 10s. under 42 G. 3. c. 75.

§ 7. for Seed unfit for fowinjr, if sold between 25 March and 1 July in any Year, &c.

C'pjiOjii. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

such Flax Seed shall, at the Time of selling the same, deliver to the Buyer thereof a Certificate in Writing, subscribed by such Importer, expressing truly the Quantities and Price of the Seed so imported and fold, and the Port from whence the same was imported, and the Year of its Growth, whether such Certificate shall have been demanded on Behalf of such Buyer or not, and that such Certificate shall be true in all its Circumstances, and that such Seed shall not have been removed by such Importer so fe.ling the same from or out of the Cade or Package in which the same was originally imported and branded with the word " Sound, " in Manner required by the said recited Act, and shall be sold in such entire Cask or Package without dividing or felling the same in any smaller Quantity.

Before 8th April 1809, any Inspector of the Linen and Hempen li Manufactures in Ireland may examine Flax Seed in the Ports of Great Britain and brand and mark the Casks " Sound, " &c. §6. Fee of One Penny per Bushel nay betaken by such Inspector. §7. Act may be altered this Session. §8.

CAP. X.

An Act to continue so much of an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, as allows a Bounty upon double refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and so much of the same Act as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten.

[20th March 1809.]

u So much of 47 G, 3. c. 22. as relates to Bounties on double refined Sugar continued to 25th March 1811: and so much of the said Act J* as relates to Bounties on raw Sugars (as continued and amended by* 48 G. 3. c. 12.) further continued to 25th March 1810.

CAP. XI.

An Act to continue so much of an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, as allows a Bounty upon double refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and so much of the same Act as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten.

[20th March 1809.]

u Recital of Acts 43 G. 3. c. 11; 45 G. 3. c. 93; 46 G. 3. c. ro; " 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. c. 29; 48 G. 3. c. 16. Drawbacks and Bounties in " Schedule to recited Act 45 G. 3. c. 93. shall be paid. §1. If, " on 5th May, 5th September 1809, or 5^ January 1810, the Average " Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall not have exceeded t( Seventy Shillings per Cvut. the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule u to 45 G. 3. c. 93. corresponding with the Price shall be paid, &c. §2. " Whenever under 46 G. 3. c. 42. §10. the Treasury shall suspend " the Payment of any Part of the Duty on raw Sugar imposed by " that Ad, they shall also suspend a like Proposition of the Countervailing Duties on Irish refined Sugar imported, and of the Draw-

" backs

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. tx9i2+

" backsand Bounties on British refined Sugars exported. §. 3.

[«SVf "49 G. 3. c 43.] Recited Act 43 G. 3. c. ii.continued to 13 — 2$

March 1809. §4.

[See 47 Geo. 3.JI. 1. c. 29. and References there.]

CAP. XII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[20th March 1809.]

Number of Forces 133, 022. J I. — $ 2 to 40, are the same as the like SedionS of 48 G. 3.. c. 15.

XLI. And whereas by the Petition of Rights in the Third Year Recital of the*of King Charles the First, it is enacted and declared, That the People Petition of Right, of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthened with the Sojourn- 3 ^r* 1,

ing of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the §54 2'c*3*

British Parliament, made in the One-and-Thirtieth Year of the Reign 5 4 of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, for paying and disbanding the Foroes, it is declared and emCted, That no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whatsoever, should from thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or biilet, any Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Subject, Sojourner, or Inhabitant, to refuse to quarter any Soldier or Soldiers, notwithstanding any Demand or Warrant, or Billetting whatsoever: But forasmuch as at this Time, and during the Continuance-of this Act. there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops, and Companies, in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; 9 Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for and during Constables, &c, the Continuance of this Act, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful in England shall to and for the Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and other ^?ictrs'

Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, and Villages, and in^ A?ehouses, other Places within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon- &c.*

Tweed, and, in their Default or Absence, for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village, or Place, and for no others, and such Constables, and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required, to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service, in Inns, Livery Stables, Ale-houses, Victualling-houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine, by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging; other than and except Canteens held and occupied under the Authority of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, and other than and except Persons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of London, who were admitted to the Freedom before the Fifth Day of jfuly One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, or who since have or shall hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences; and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank in Houses, other than and except the House or Houses of any Distilleri.

fit C. u. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

hat in do

Dilttllro or Shopkeepers Houses, or iq any private Houses.

Penalty on Constables, &e. quartering Soldiers in private Houses, &c.

Penalty on Officers quartering Soldiers contrary to this Act, &ct

Person* ag»

grieved by being quartered on, nay complain to any Justice and he relieved.

Licences may be granted by Two Magistrates for keeping Canteens.

lm, who keep House6 or Places for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, and the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes than in Brandy and Strong Waters (so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tippling in his or their Houses;,) and in no other, and in no private Houses whatsoever; nor shall any more Billets at any Time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers prefect to be quartered; alt which Billets, when made out by such Chief Magistrates or Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present: And if any Constable, Tythingman, or such like Officer or Magistrate, as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any such private House, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier, in such Case such Owner or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law, against such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustain thereby; And if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Military Officer shall for every such Offence, (being thereof contri&ed before any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses,) be deemed and taken to be tp/o faBo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or m His Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, in London^ who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next Court-martial: And in ctofe any Person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tythingman, or Headborough, Chief Officer, or Magistrate, (such Chief Officer br Magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace,) has quartered or billetted in his House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in proposition to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City, or Liberty, where such Soldiers are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then, on Compkint made to Two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City, or Liberty, such Justices respectively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other Person. or Persons as they shall see Cause; and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Soldier9 accordingly.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, or any Two Magistrates, within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Licence for selling Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry to be drank or consumed in any House or Houses, or Premises where more Houses or Premises than one shall be held together by the same Person or Persons as a Canteen, or any Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquor by Retail, to any Person or Persons applying for the same, who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or any Agreement or other Authority from the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, without Regard to the Time of Year or any Notices or

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III., C. u« ft?

Certificates specified or required in relation to the applying for or granting any such Licences, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And it shall also be lawful for His Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Person appointed or employed by the said Commissioners in England in that Behalf, or for any Collectors or Supervisors of Excise within their respective Districts, and they are hereby* required to grant Licences for selling Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or con fumed in the House or Premises occupied as a Canteen, of the Person or Persons applying for such Licence, or any Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquors, by Retail to any such Person or Persons who shall, hold any such Canteen under any such Licence or Transfer of any such Licence of any Justice or Magistrate as aforesaid; and it shall also be lawful for any Person or Persons holding any such Canteen* under any such Lease, Agreement, or Authority as aforesaid, and having such Licences as aforesaid to keep such Canteen, and to utter and fell therein, and in the Premises thereto belonging, and not elsewhere, Victuals and all such exciseable Liquors as he and they shall be licensed and empowered to fell under the Authority and Permiffioti of any such Excise Licence as aforesaid, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

41 §43 to 57, are the same as §42 to 56 of 48 G. 3. c. 15.

[For the providing 

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for His Carriages for the Majesty's Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes, or*forces mircUt\g Accoutrements, in England) Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon- m Q<t* Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Ridings,

Divisions, Shires, Liberties, and Precincts, being duly required thereunto, by an Order from His Majesty, or the General of His Foroes, or the Master General or Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Ordnance, or other Person duly authorised in that Behalf, shall, as often as such Order is brought and shewn unto One or more of them by the Quartermaster, Adjutant, or other Officer or Non*commissioned Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, so ordered to inarch, issue out his or their Warrants to the Constables, or Petty Constables, of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, and Precinct, from, through, near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such Provision of Carriages, and Horses or Oxen, with able Men to drive the same, as is mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient Time to do the same, that the neighbouring Warrants shall Parte may not always bear the Burthen; and specifying in the said specify the Places Warrants the Place or Places to which the said Carriages shall by to wh'ch the virtue of such Order as aforesaid, be required to travel, which shall not exceed the Day's March of the Troops, as prescribed in the

Order produced to the Magistrate, unless in case of pressing Emergency or Necessity, and shall in no Case whatever exceed Twenty-five Miles from the Place at which the March shall commence: And in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Liberty,

Division, or Precinct, then the Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next adjoining County, Riding, or Division, shall, upon such Order

as

Cm 1 X

Rates for Carriages*

Penalty on Officers loreing Waggons to travel more than Magistrate's Warrant specffies*

4P GEO. III.

A.D. 1 S 69S

as aforesaid being brought or ffietfm to One or more of them by any

of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant to the Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division, or Precind, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency: And the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Juihces of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Constable or Petty Constable, to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, at the same Time, to pay down in hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horses shall travel; and the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen with two Horses shall travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile any Waggon frith narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, respectively, or carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; and the Sum of Sixpence for every Mile every Cart or other Carriage, with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; or any further Sum not exceeding Four-pence, for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horses, or any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel; and not exceeding Three-pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horses, or carrying not lef9 than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; and not exceeding Two-pence for every Mile any Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travti;. according as the same shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or Dilirid assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace for such County or District, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the Time of fixing such additional Rate*; for which respective Sums so received the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing (which Receipt need not be stamped) to the Person or Persons paying the same: And such Constable, or Petty Constable, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons, having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furniffi such Carriages and Horses and Oxen and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furniffi the same accordingly; and no Person owning or driving, or caulingtobe driven, any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor ffiali any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, cr of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage to put any additional Number of Horses or Oxen to those preferred or paid for under this Act; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road, to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, the Carriage was provided, ffiali force and constrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, to travel beyond the Distance lptcifkd in the Magistrate's Warrant, or ffiali not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be pradicable, or ffiali suffer any Soldier or Servant

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.i2. 51

(except such as are sick), or any Woriian, to ride in the Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or Carriage aforesaid; or shall force any Constable, or Petty Constable, by Threatenings or menacing Words to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by themselves, Servants, or Soldiers; every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justice3 of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the fare to the Paymaster-general, or other respective Paymaster of His Majesty's Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, and is hereby empowered to dedud the same out of such Officer's Pay: Provided always, that in Cases where the Day's Further Corn-March of the Troops shall exceed Fifteen Miles, such further Compensation to be pe.ifation shall be made and paid in like Manner to the Owners of made for Car-the said Carnages as shall be deemed reasonable by the Magistrate who granted the Warrant for impressing them, not exceeding the nmretunfthe usual Rate and Hire of such Carriages*: Provided also, that every same Day on Order of the Justices assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace which impressed, fixing a further Sum to be paid for the Hire of Carriages as aforesaid, in addition to the customary Rates of One Shilling*, and Nine-pence, and Sixpence per Mile respectively, shall specify the Period for which the same (had be in force, and which shall not in any Case exceed Ten Days beyond the General Sessions of the Peace for such County or Diffrid next ensuing the Date of such Order; and a Copy* of every such Order, signed by the Chairman or Presiding Magistrate, and One other Justice of the Peace or Magistrate at the Quarter Sessions at which the same shall be made, shall, within Three Days after the making thereof, be transmitted to the Secretary at War 5 and no such Order shall be valid or effectual, unless a Copy thereof be so signed and transmitted as aforesaid.

41 §59> 60, 61, are the same as § j8, 39, 60, of 48 G. 3. c. 15.

LXII. And Whereas in consequence of certain Exemptions from Officers and

Tol', expressly allowed by several Acts of Parliament for His Soldiers, &c.

Majesty's Forces on their March, or on Duty, and for the Horses Carri^em-

and Carriages attending them, Doubts have arisen whether in all ployed in His Cases not so exempted, the Officers and Soldiers, and the Carriages, Majesty's Ser-

and Horses, belonging to His Majesty or employed in His Service, vice, exempted

and returning therefrom, may not be charged with the Payment of ^ayraent

Tolis-.' Therefore for obviating such Doubts, it is hereby enacted 0 s» and declared, That all His Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and their Horses, on Duty, or on their March, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to His Majesty, or employed in his Service, and returning therefrom, or employed in His Service, when conveying the Officers,

Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, or other Persons of or belonging

to His Majesty's Forces; or the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements,

Tents, Baggage, and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majesty's Forces on their Marches, or any Ordnance, or Barrack, or Com-nuffdriat. or other Publick Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning therefrom, were and are, and shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls,

©therwife demandabie by virtue of any Act of Parliament already

unless where it is expressly provided that they are liable.

Tolls on Barg-ea conveying Soldiers, &c.

Officers and Soldiers shall be quartered in Ireland, as the Laws in force at the Time of the Union direct.

Clause for Relief of Persons hallily enlisting tlicm-feltes.

Such Penons not paying tive Money within the limited Time shall be deemed to b« enlisted; in

C. 12. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

made, or hereafter to be made, for Persons, Horse*; or Carriage*, passing Turnpike Roads or Bridsres; unless by such Act it has beea or shall be expressly provided that the said Officers, Soldiers, Carriages, and Horses, are and shall be liable equally with others to the Duties and Tolls therein authorised to be demanded and taken r Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt from the Payment of Toll any B^ats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, or other Persons of or belonging to His Majesty's Forces, or the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrement|, Tents, Baggage, and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majesty's Forces, crany Military Stores along any Canal, but the same mall be liable to Toll in like Manner asothtr Boat a* Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto.

" §63 to 67, are the same as §62 to 66 of 4S G. 3. c. 15.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Soldiers in Ireland, in such and the like Places and Houses as they might have been quartered in by the La$rs n force in Ireland at the Time of its Union with Great Britain; and that the Possessors of such Houses shall only be liable to furnish the said Officers and Soldiers quartered there, as by the said Laws in force at the Time of the said Union wa3 provided j and that if any Person in Ireland, liable to have Officers and Soldiers quartered and billetted on him, shall refuse to receive or victual any such Officer or Soldier so quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforesaid, or shall refuse to furnish any such Officer or Soldier, so quartered or billetted, in such Manner as by the said Laws in force in Ireland at the Time of the said Union was provided, every such Person, so refusing, shall be subject and liable to all such Penalties as any Person so refusing was liable to under or by virtue of any Laws ia force in Ireland at the Time of the said Union.

§ 69 to 72, are the same as §68 to 71 of 48 G. 3. c. 13.

LXXIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be enlisted as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majesty's Land Service, he or they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hour?, after such enlisting respectively, be carried or go with some Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he shall be enlisted, or with the Person employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have enlisted, before some Justice of the Peace of any County. Riding, City, or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, residing or being next to, or in the Viciqity of the Place where such Person or Persons shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Dissent to such enlisting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the enlisting Money, and also each Person lo dillenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so enlisting shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate $ but if such Person or Persons shall rctufe or negkd,

A.D. 1809.

4^ GEO. III.

C 12.

within the Space of Twenty-four Hour*, to return antfr pay such Money, as aforesaid, he orjhey shall be deemed and taken to be eg-listed, as if-he or they had given Jus or their Aflf-nt thereto before the faii Justice Or Chief Magistrate; and if speh Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily enhlted himfrlf or themselves, then such Justifce or Chief Magistrate (hdl, and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Presence to cause to be read over, to such Person or Persons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War a/ainst Mutiny and Desertion, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons respectively, not on y the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, iparked (A.), or if the Person shall be desirous of enlisting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then fuqh Justice or Chiefs Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under hi* Hand the enlisting anjd /wearing, together with the Place of the P'tth, Age, and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, piarked (C.)#; if the Oath in the Foroi marked (A.) shall have been taken, and in the Form marked (D.) if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) shall have been taken, except in the Case of Recruits enlisted to serve either itr His Majesty's Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company* according as His Majesty shall think fit, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled An Act for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, in which. Case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, and of the Oath contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to this Act annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance directed by the said Act of the Thirty-ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to, this Act annexed, marked (E.); and the Justice or Chief Magistrate shall certify such Enftftment and Swearing accordingly in the Form raen-( tiooed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.); and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified, shall yyilfully refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice pr Chief Magi (Irate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain and confine such Person or Persons' until he or they shall take the said Oath of F^elity; and every; Military Officer that shall act contrary hereto, of offend"herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be inflide.d, upon any Officer for making a false and untrue Muster; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures a$e by this Act to, bq levied oj; recovered.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person. or Persons shall receive the enlisting Money from any such Officer, Nop-commissioned Officer, private Soldier, or ottier. Person employed on the Recruiting Service, (knowing it to be such, } and shall abscond, pr refuse to go before such Justice or Chief Magistrate, or if any Person having received any fych enlisting Money aa p fore said ihaiL thereafter absent himself fr^in the Recruiting £arty with which he enlisted, gr Person wit; b whom he enlisted, and shall hot; voluntarily return to such' Recruiting Party or Person enlisting him, to

:P g*

33

which Case, or if they enlist, the Justices shall read over to them certain Sedions of the Articles of War, and administer certain Oath*.

Recruits enlisted under as G. 3.

c. 109. for the East India Company's Service, &c. shall take the Oath of Allegiance.

Persons receiving anlifting Money and abfcooding, &c. deemed duly eaU

C. 12.

Peribiu concealing Infirmities on whiling, maybe transferred to Garrifnn, Veteran or Invalid Battalions, or the Marines.

Persont making false Representations for the Purj ofe of obtaining Bounty, deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences; as under UO G. 0. C. 34.

Dsfertets farvtn-Mndering shall St deemed VO likve been duly enliiled*

4<f GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

go before some Justice of the Pence or Magistrate, under the Provisiom of this A cl, within such Period of Four Dayi aforesaid, such Person shall be deemed to be enlisted* and a Soldier in His Majesty's Service as fully to all Intents and Purposes at if be had bcea duly attcsted, and may-be apprehended and punished as a D-fcrter, or for being absent without Leave under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and it shall not be nectflsry for any Recruiting Party or Person employed in entitling to give any Notice to any such Person, or to go after an? such Person for the Purpose of carrying such Person before any Justice or Mattistrate as aforesaid} nor shall any such Person who shall mt have remained with, or who shall not have returned to such Recruiting Party or Person entitling him as aforesaid, be entitled to be discharged or be discharged by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall enlist into His Majesty's Forces, a* d who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service, by reason of any Infirmity which shall have been concealed by such Person, or not declared before the Justice of the Peace at the Time of his Attestation, and mentioned at the Foot thereof, may be transferred into any Garrison or Veteran or Invalid Battalion, or into fits Majesty's Marine Foroes, notwithstanding he shall have enlisted for any particular Regiment; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall knowingly, wilfully, and designedly make any false Repnrfentation of any Particular contained in the Oaths respectively marked (A.) and (B.) and Certificates marked (C.) and (D)in the Schedule to this Act respectively contained and annexed, before the Juitxe of the Peace or Magistrate at the Time of his Attestation, for the Purpose of obtaining, and shall obtain any enhfting Money or any Bounty for entering into His Majesty's Service, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money undtr false Pretence, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more ejffeSual Punishment of Persons who shall attain or attempt to attain Pojession of Goode or Money by false or untrue Pretences, for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods. for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned\ and for preventing Gaming in Publish Houses by Journeymen* Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices; and the Production of such Certificate, and Proof of the Hand-writing of the Justice of the Peace giving such Certificate, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Party having reprvfented the several Particulars contained in the Oath sworn by him, and specified in the Certificate of the Justice at the Time of his entitling.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily furrenicr or deliver himself up as a Deserter, from any Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's Forces, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve its any fath Regiment or Battalion or Corps of His Majesty's Forces, aijHit Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall.W*cbccucm»au, U7 culifttd M a Soldier or.

Art-

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 12.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfoi duly bound as an Apprentice, shall enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, and shall date to the Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate-before whom he shall be carried, that he is not an Apprentice, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to be imprison-d in any Gaol or House of Correction, and kept so hard Labour for Two Years, may be indiftrd and punished for obtaining Money under false Pretences under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of Hb late Majesty King George the Second, and shall, after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, be liable to serve as a Soldier in any Regiment of His Majesty's Regular Foroes; and if, on the Exoiration of his Apprenticeship, he shall not deliver hirafeif to some Officer authorised to receive Recruits, may be taken as a Deserter from His Majesty's Forces.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Matter in England shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall after the passing of this Act. enlitt as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, unlrfs such Aporentice shall have been bound to him in England for the full Term of Seven Years, and if in Ireland for the full Term of Five Years at the lratt, and unless such Matter shall within One Calendar Mouth after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the Peace or "Magistratt, and before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.,) and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of his havin r taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (H.)

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Matter in Scotland shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall after the passing of this Act, enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of at least Four Years by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed and tested, and binding on both Patties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture, so duly executed, (ha: l, within Tir^e Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties relide, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when, and the Person by whom such Contcaft or Indenture (halt have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to indorseand4ign$ and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Matter be under Twenty-one Years of Age, and unless such Matter shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service go before some Justice of the Peace, and before such Justice of the Peace take the Oath rKentioned in the Schedule to ti is Act annexed, marked (G.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace of his having taken; fudr Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked4(H.)

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, ThSt no Matter in Scotland shall be precluded from claiming auy Apprentice*Da who

3 6

Penalty on Apprentices enlisting themselves.

Mailers not entitled to claim Apprentices, unless bound fur a certain Period, and tire Masters shall take the Oath herein mentioned.

How Mailers in Scotland shall proceed to recover Apprentices.

Matters in Scotland shall not be precluded

3

from claiming Apprentices euiitting, if In* Ventures be pr.x luced to a Justice within: j Months after jutting this Act.

Matters of Apprentices entitling consenting, entitled to receive & certain Pan of the Bounty Money.

Apprentices etaimed by their Masters shall be carried before a Justice and committed.

C.ia.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Justices shall examine upon Oath, and keep the Indenture to be produced.

Offenders shall be tried at the next or fucceeding Quarter Sessions.

who shall hereafter enlist, by reason of the Contract or Indenture not having been produced to a Justice of the Peace in the Manner directed by the Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for fuwjb'tnx Mutiny and Desertion* and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quartered within the Time therein limited, provided the same shall be produced to any Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and be indorsed as therein diredfd, at any Time within Three Months after the passing of this Act.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That any Master of any Apprentice who shall have entitled as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Foroes, shall upon his consenting to give up the Indentures of Apprentice ship within One month after the ealifting of such Apprentice as a Soldier, be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deducing therefrom Two Guineas, which shall be reserved in order to provide the said Recruit with Ntceftaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice eiven of his being an Apprentice.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Apprentice who shall be claimed by his Master, shall be be taken before a }office of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, where such Apprentice shall happen to be when so claimed, and it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of such Person being an Apprentice, and having cniifted and declared that he was no Apprentice, and on Production and Proof of the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to commit such Person so offending as aforesaid to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry, Riding. Division, City, Liberty, or Place where such Person shall be at the Time when he shall be so claimed by his said Master, there to remain, until be shall be discharged by due Course of Law.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, except in Scotland, as herein after mentioned, before whom such Person so offending shall be so taken as aforesaid, to examine into the Matters alleged against such Person upon Oath, and which Oath the said Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer; and also to keep in his Custody the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to be produced as Occasion shall require, and to bind over the Mailer claiming such Person, and any other Persons he may think proper, to ?ive Evidence at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Session of Oyer and Terminer, at which the Trial of such Person is herein after directed to be had against such Person so offending, and the Production of such Indenture of Apprenticeship, with the Certificate of the Justices of the Peace or Magistrate that the same was proved before him, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Indenture of Apprenticeship.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That every such Offender, except in Scotland* as herein after mentioned, may and shall be tried at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Sections of Oyer and Terminer for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein the Offence charged shall have been committed, next after such Offender's being brought before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate as aforesaid, or die Sefikms immediately succeeding such next Sections, uolcb the Court shall think fit to put off the Trial on just Caufo.

C. 12.

37

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III.

f 86 to 90, are the same as §8f to 85 0/48 G. 3. r. 15.

XCI. And Whereas several Soldiers, being duly listed, do after- Justices may*wards desert, and are often found wandering, or otherwise absenting commit themselves illegally from His Majesty's Service/ it is hereby further Defwtera. enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Constable, Head-b rough, or Tithingman, of the Town or Place where any Person, who may be reasonably suspected to b* such a Deserter, shall be found, or for any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Service, to apprehend or cause such fufpt&ed Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confe(uon, or the Tfftimony of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found; or the House of Correction, or other Publick Prison, in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City of London or Westminster % or Places adjacent 5 or to the Provost Marshal in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at War for the Time being in London, or if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland\ to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the end that such Person may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded against according to

Law: And the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, in which such Deserter shall at any Time be confined, shall receive fuel*

Subsistence for the Maintenance of such Deserter during the Time that he shall continue in his Custody, as by His Majesty's Regulations is or shall from Time to Time be directed in that Behalf, and shall be entitled to One Shilling for every Twenty-four Houts Imprisonment of such Deserter; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Corredioiv or-other Publick Prison of the City, Town, or Place at or in which the Party or Person conveying such Deserter shall halt on the March, shall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Charge and Custody by any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier who shall be conveying such Deserter under any lawful Order, Warrant, or Authority, while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for so doing than the Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace, on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and (frail be entitled to One Shilling on account of the Imprisonment of the said Deserter; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary not with (landing.

§ 92 to 95, are the same (is §87 to 90 of 48 G. 3. c. i$.

XCVI. Provided alway8, and be it further enacted, that in all Cases'Justice of in which any Extension of Furlough shall be granted as aforesaid, and Peace, granting upon the Request of any such Non*commissioned Officer or Soldier

P 3 whomurlou£h> im"

3*

poweftd on Request to order Parish Officers to advance P*y to Soldiers, which is to be reimbursed by the Collector of Excise.

C.I2.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Gommiflcrtet spon making up their Accounts, or returning from Foreign Service, flail take Oath.

Officers, Storekeepers, Cota-xniffaries, &c. embezzling, Set. Military Stores, lie. may be tried by a Court-martial.

Penalty on such Offenders.

whom the same shall be granted, it shall be lawful to the Justice of the Peace granting the same, to make an Order in Writing under his Hand upon the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place wherein such Non-comintffioned Officer or Soldier shall reside, requiring them to pay to such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money directed in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which such Furlough shall be extended as aforesaid; and the same shall be paid accordingly, upon Production and Delivery to him of such Order by any such Parish Officer out of any Money in his Hands applicable to t^e Relief of the Poor: ard the Sum so advanced by such Parish Officer shall, noon the Production and Delivery of such Order to the Collector of Excise of the District within which such Parish, Township, ot Place shall be situated, or any Person officiating for such ColU&or. be repaid to such Parish Officer, to be applied to the Relief of the Poor, by such Collector of Excise or other Person out of any Publick Monies in his Hands, and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts, and such Ordtrs of Justices (had be taken as Cacti in the Payment of Duties of Excise received by him: Provided always, that if the Justice of Peace shall not think fit to make such Order for paying any such Money as aforesaid, he shall state bit Reasons for such Refusal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough*

" §97099*, are the same at f 91 to 93 of 48 G. 3. c. 15.

C. And be it further enacted, That all Commissaries, upon making up their Accounts, and also upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall take the Oath described in the Schtdule to this Act annrxed, marked (I.) which Oath, if taken in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be taken before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and if taken on Foreign Service, before the Commander in Chief, or the Second in Command, or the Quarter*Master or Deputy Quarter Master General, or any Assistant Quarter Master General of the Army to which he shall be attached, who shall respectively have Powtr to administer the same.

Cl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commission Officer, Storckcepeer, or Comnvssary, or Deputy or Assistant Commissary, or other Person employed in the Comm f* fariat Department, or in any Manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Majesty's Forcea, or for their Use, that shall embezzle or fraudulently miiapply, or cause to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or shall knowingly or wilfully permit orfufferany Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Cloathing, Ammunition, or other Military Stores to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or to be fpoded or damaged, may-be tried for the same by and before a General Court-martial, and it shall be lawful for such Court-Martial to adjudge any such Person while in Service out of the United Kingdom to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for any certain Term of Year?, or to suffer such Punishment of Pillory, Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from His Majesty's Service, and being capable of serving His Majesty in any Office Civil or Military, -as any such Court shall think fit according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, or that such Person shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds, and that such Person shall in addition to any other Punishment, make good, at his own Expence, the Lob and Damage thereby sustained,

to

C. it

39

AM. ik*. 49° GEO. III.

to be ascertained by such Court-martial; which shall hate Power to frize the Goods and Chattels of the Persont so offending, and fell them for the Payment of the said Two hundred Pounds and such Damage: And if sufficient Goods and Chatttls cannot be found and feiz-d, then the Person so offending shall be committed to Prison, or the Common Gaol, there to remain (in addition to any other Punishment or Imprisonment) for S*x Months without Bail or M*inprize, and until he shall pay such Deficiency; and after the said S im shall be recovered and levied, the same ftu.l be applied and disposed of as His Majesty shall direct and appoint.

u §102 to 114, are the same as §95 to 10J of 48 G. 3. c. 15.

CXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, cr beny ways conllrued to extend, to concern any of the Militia Foroes, or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland. or in ferfey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, Or Man, or the Islands thereto belonging, rxvep'ing on y in such Case wherein, by any Act or Acts for regulating any of the Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, the Provision* contained in this Act, or in any Act for puniftrng Mutiny and Dvfcrtion, which shall be then in force, are extended and meant to take place in respect to the Officers and Soldiers of the Militia Foroes, or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland; and also except lo far as relates to the muttering of the said Militia Forces according to the Provisions herein after mentioned.

u §116, 117, are the same as $ 109, no of 48 G. 3. c. 1$.

CXVIII. And be it furthci enacted, Tuat any Person taking a false Oath in any C*fe wherein an Oath i* required to be taken by this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Person* convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

"$119 to 128, are the same as § ill to 120 of G. 3. c. 15.

Continuance of Act in Great Britain from 25th March 1809 to 24th VMarch 1810; n Ireland*rom 31st March 1809 to III April 1810; 11 in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney. Sark,iul Man, from 30th April 1809 to lit May 1810; in Gibraltar, See. from 24th March 1810 to 25th March 1811, §129.

CXXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Soldiers and providing for their Hors<s, or for the Provision of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other VtfTcls, and Men, may be altered and varied by any Act or Act* to be made in this Session of Parliament.

M Schedules A. to H1 are the same as those annexed to 48 G. 3. C. 15.

SCHEDULE (I.)

FORM OF OATH. t do hereby make Oath, That I have not applied

ainy Money or Stores, or Supplies, unde* my Care or Distribution, to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person, by way of Loan to such Person, or otherwise, or m any Manner applied them,

D 4 or

For want of Distrefe the Offender shall be committed.

Application of the Forfeiture.

Thii Act not to extend to the Militia, &c. further than is dirtfted by the Laws relating thereto.

Exception.

Persons taking a false Oath, guilty of Ftrjury.

Act, ia part, may be altered this Session.

[See 49 G* 3. c.a 7.]

C-

4o

V. 1*2, 13. 4p CIO. IH. A.D. ffc*.

or knowingly permitted them to be applied ton? other than Publick Purpose8r and according to the Dirty of my Office.

Sworn before me by the within-named this Day of /

A.B.

[Justice of the Peace for the County of or Commander in

Chies, or Second in Command the Army serving in &c, ax

the Case may be.-\

Irish Act,

38G<a. c. i3. repealed.

Persons kut wlngly receiving or having in their Custody forged Notes or £ktnk Notes of

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the Forging of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills, and the Negociation of forged and counterfeited Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

[20th March 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectually preventing the Forging of the Notes and Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland,

and the Circulation of forged Notes and Bills of the said Governor and Company; it was amongst other Things enacted, That if any Person shall have in his or her Possession or Custody any forged or counterfeited Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of Exchange, of the Governor ? and Company of the Bank of Ireland, knowing the same to be forged

or counterfeited, with an Intent to utter or negociate the same as the true and genuine Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of Exchange, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be punished by Fine, Imprisonment, Pillory, or other corporal Panifhfnent, according to the Discretion of the Court before whom he or flic shall be prosecuted for such Offence: And whereas the said Provision, and the Penalties therein contained, have been found insufficient to deter Persons from the Perpetration of the Offences thereby meant to be guarded ngainlt, and it is thtnfore deemed expedient to repeal the lameV Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of passing of this Act, so robch of the said recited Act as is hercic-before recited, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, except so far as relate* to any Offence against the said recited Act committed before the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of passing of this Act. '

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of passing of this Act, purchase or receive from any other Person or Persons any'forged or counterfeited Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank Poll Bill, or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, x» Ba&ak Bank Post 1, Bill,

&D.]flo£. 49° GEO. III. 0.s?, i4; ij^ 44

J Bill, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland) knowing tlu Bank of the same to be forged or counterfeited, or shall knowingly or wittifgly Ireland shall b# have in his, her, or their Possession or Custody, or in his, her, 6r their Dwelling House, Out-house, Lodgings, or Apartments, any forged or counterfeited Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, of the said Governor asd Company, knowing the same to be. forged or counterfeited, without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Person accused, every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted' according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for repealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, relative to Child Murder; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[20th March 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in Scotch Act,

the second Session of the first Parliament of King William and Sell*. 2. Pari. l.

Queen Mary, intituled, Ad anent murthering of Children, it is enacted, Guh & Mar,

that if any Woman shall conceal her being with Child during the rcfe4*.

whole Space, and shall not call for and make use of Help and Afjift#- ance in the Birth, the Child being found dead or amifsing, the Mother

shall be holden and reputed the Murtherer of her own Child: And whereas the Punishment of Death has been found too rigorous for such an Offence: But nevertheless it is expedient that it should be repressed, and punished suitable to its Quality and Degree: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said in part recited Act of the Parliament of Scotland shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, from and after the passing of this Act, any Woman in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall conceal her being with Child during the whole Period of her Pregnancy, and shall not call for and make use of Help or Assistance in the Birth, and if the Child be found dead or be amissing, the Mother being lawfully convicted thereof, Avail be imprisoned for a Period not exceeding Two Years, in such Common Gaol or Prison as the Court before which she is tried shall direct and appoint.

CAP. XV.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and ten.

k G 15, 16, 17. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and ten.

[20th March 1809.]

£&r 44 G. 3. c. 7. and Referenets there."]

CAP. XVI.

An Act to allow the Importation of Rum and other Spirits, from the Island of Bermuda into the Province of Lower Canada without Payment of Duty, on the same Terms and Conditions as such Importation may be made directly from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies.

[24th March 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that s Commercial intercourse should be encouraged between the Prorince of Lower Canada and the Island of Bermudas and between the latter and His Majesty's 4 Sugar Colonies in the West Indies: And whereas certain Duties oh Rum and other Spirits imported into Canada are imposed by an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled. IfG.s. e. IS. An Act to establish a Fund towards further defraying the Charges of the Administration of JuJftee and Support of the Civil Government

within the Province of (Quebec in America; which Duties are, under certain Conditiors and Restrictions, remitted by an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

SIC. 3. c3t. 4 sin A8 to allow the Importation of Rum or other Spirits from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West I: dies into the Province of Quebec without Payment of Duty % under certain Conditions and Re*

ftriQums p Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adrice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thin present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Rum or other Spirits, being the Produce or Manufacture of any of His Mridly's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, legally imported into the Island of Bermudaf may be legally imported into the Prorince of Lower Canada, and landed and admitted to an Entry upon Payment of the same Rate of Duty as if the same had been imported directly from any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, and under the Conditions and Restrictions contained in the said Act, without Payment of Duty, in the same Manner as if such Rum or other Spirits had been imported directly from any of the said Sugar Colonies.

Spirits of ths Predate of the West Indies imported into Bermuda msy be

Lower Canada,

CAP. XVII.

An Act to authorize His Majesty, during the present War, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

[24th March 1809.]

£&# 46 (7. 3. c. 30. to which this Act is precisely similar, except as to the Continuance of the Act; which by $ 3. is [as in the Title) during the present War.]

c. 18, 19.

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. III.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, several Acts for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; and until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Exportation of Wool from the British Plantations in America.

[24th March 1809.]

7 G. 2. c. 18. respecting the Importation of Cochineal and Indigo, 44 (last continued and amended by 46 G. 3. c. 29. §12.) further continued till March 25, 1814. §1. — 46 G. 3. c. 17. respecting the " Exportation of Wool continued till March 25, 1819. §2.

49

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[24th March 1809.]

WHEREAS it may be necessary, for the Safety of the United Kingdom and the Defence of the Poffiffions of the Crows

of Great Britain and Ireland\ that a Body of Royal Marine Forces

should be employed in His Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service,

Under the Direction of the Lord High. Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas the said Royal Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, where they will not be subject to the Liws relating to the Government of His Majesty's Forces by Sea; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observedj and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary,

and speedy Punishment than the Law will allow; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temooral, and Commons, in this

prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, After March 95, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand right 180* hundred and nine, if any Person being entered or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non- every Marina commissioned Officer or Private Man, in any Division of Royal Marine* Officer, No- in His Majesty's Service, and on the Twenty-fifth Day of March commiffioaid One thousand eight hundred and oine, shall remain in such Service, or -during the Continuance of this Act, shall be voluntarily entered and*

in Pay, as a Marine Officer or Private Man in His Majesty's Service; whodhatt* and being ordered or employed in such Service, at any Time during mutiny, &e. the Continuance of this Act, on Shore in any Place within the said 04 wh° Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, shall begin, 'driert, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company to

which he doth or shall belong, or in any other Company, Troop, or orffiaUbefbund Regiment, either of Marine or Land Foroes, in His Majesty's Service; deeping on, or or shall not use his utmost Endeavours.to suppress the same, or coming flail dtfcrt his to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny, or iotended Mutiny, shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer 5 or shall desert His Majesty's Service, or being adutlly entered as a*lubefe.

Marine at shall strika

4*

or disobey hi* superior Officer; shall suffer Peath, or such Punishment u a Court martial shall ioflift.

JCo Paymaster, &o. shall make Pecluctions out of Officers or Private Men'* Pay.

Exception*,

0.

Two Jnftiee*

may-ftwnmon Marines having Wist or Children to midie Oath of their'last Settlements i

c.ip. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Marine in any Company, shall lift himself in any other Company,

Troop, or Regiment, [or enter as a Seaman,] in His Majesty's Service, without first having a Discharge in Writing from the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he lift served as a Marine; [in which Case he shall be reputed a Deserter; ] or shall be found sleeping upon his Post; or shall leave it before relieved; or shall hold Correspondence with any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any Ways or Means, or in any Manner whatsoever; or shall treat with such R bels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without His Majesty's Licence, or L'cence of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Three or nu>re of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time bring; or shall strike oi* use any Violence agrinlt his superior Officer b^ing in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any or either of the Matters before mentioned, on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be inffi&ed.

[The Words between Brackets in the foregoing Section are in addition to

the Words in former Mutiny Acts."\

#< §2 to 28, are the same as in the A3 48 G. 3. c. 14.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty, fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, no Pay-master, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, shall receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whatsoever, out of the Pay of any Marine, either Officer or Private Man, in His Majesty's Service, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, other than the usual Deductior's for Clothing and Twelve-pence in the Pound to be disposed of as His Majesty shall think fit, and the One Day's Pay of the Officers, now paid to the Paymaster of Widows Pensions, and such other necessary Deductions as shall, from Time to Time, be directed by the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands.

§ 30 to 32, the same as in the Act 48 G» 3. c. 14. §33, as to quartering Marines in Ireland, is the same as §68 of the Army^ Mutiny " Act* 49 G. 3. c. 12.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it (half and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place, where any Non-commission Officer or Marine shall be quartered in that Part of Great Britain called England* in case such Non-commission Officer or Private Marine have either Wife or Child or*Children, to be summoned before them in the Town or Place where such Non-commission Officer or Marine shall be quartered, in order to make Oath of the Place of their last legal Settlement, (which Oath > the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer,) and such Non-? commission Officers and Private Marines as aforesaid are hereby directed -to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly 5 and fuphj

A.D. 1809. 49 GEO. III. C. 19W

Justices are hereby required to give an attested Copy of such Affidavit so made before them to the Person making the same, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer in order to be produced when /' r

required; which altered Copy shall be at any Time admitted in Evidence as to such last legal Settlement before any of His Majesty's t

Juibees of the Peace or at any General or Quarter S.-ffion of the Peace: Provided always, that in case any Non-commission Officer or Private Marine shaft be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then on such attested Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Non-commiflDn Officer or Marine shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy«'

of such atteiled Copy of Examination if required.: -

" §55, as to providing Carriages, is the same as §58, of 49 G. 3. c. 12.

" §36 to 48, are the same as §35 to 47, of 48 G, 3. c. 14.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per^ Penalty fer fons shall in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, directly or indi- P«fua4ing redly, persuade or procure any Marine in the Service of His Majesty, jg^iool {His Heirs or Successors, to desert or leave such Service as aforesaid, &r 12 Months T every such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and being bnprifoiunent.» thereof lawfully convicted, shall for every such Offence forfeit to and Pillory.

His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to any other Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if it shall happen that any such Offender so convicted as aforesaid, hath not any Goods and Chattels, Lands or Tenements* to the Value of One hundred Pounds to pay and satisfy the same, or if from the Circumstances and Heinousness of the Crir.e, it shall appear to the Coui£ before which the said Conviction shall be made as aforesaid. that any such Forfeiture is not a efficient Puniftmvent for such Offence, it shall be lawful for such Court to commit any such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twelve Months without Bail or Mainprize, and also to (land in the Pillory for the Space of One Hour in fomfe Market Town next adjoining to the Place where the Offence was committed, in open Market there, or in the Market Twn itself where the said Off nee was committed.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties by this A§ How such imposed for persuading or procuring any Marine to desert, within that Penalty shall b* Part of Great Britain called England\ may and shall be fried for, and bp rccuverud* recoverable in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and for such like Offences as shall "be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be fried for and recoverable in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and for such like Offences a

shall be committed in Ireland, shall be sued for and recoverable in any

of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin; and for any fuqh.like

Offence* as shall be committed in any of the Dominions of H'^s

Majesty, shall and may be sued for and recoverable in any. Court of 1

Record of His Majesty in the Place where the Offence shall have been committed; and for such like Offences as shall have been committed within the Island of Guernsey, the same shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court or Guernsey; and for such Offences as shall be committed within the Island of Jersey, the same shall be sued for anfl be recoverable in the Royal Court of Jersey; any-Thing contained in an Act palRd in the First Year of King George the First to the con*.

Wary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LI.

FcmMm for OiiMM coot-Mia b*id, &c. kovtobe sued

lor.

fMertwt

LI. And be it further ensued, That for such of the said Offence* at shall be committed within that Part of the United K*o rdom called Ireland* the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for, and be recover* able in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin; and for fucla of the said Offences a* shall be committed wuhin the Ides of Alderney and Sark, the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be reco*- verabie in the Royal Court of Guernsey; and for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within the IOe of Man % the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of the Courts of Record in the said Istand, or in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily surrender or deliver himself up as a Drferter from His Majesty's Royal Marine Foroes, shall be deemed to have been duly enlitted and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve in His Majesty's Royal Marine Foroes, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlitted as*Marine or not.

§ 53 to 60, are the same as §48 to 55, of 4S G .3. c. 14.

Foibi teeming

LXI. And be it further ens&ed, That i* any Person or Persons edBiiagMoeey. Hiall receive the enlisting Money from any Officer (knowing it to be Inch) and shall abscond or refuse to go before such Justice or Chief Magistrate, or if any Person having received any such enlisting Money as aforesaid, shall thereafter absent himself from the recruiting Party with which he enlisted, or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to such recruiting Party or Person emitting him, to go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate under the Provisions of this Act within such Period of Four Days as aforesaid, such Person shall be deemed to be enlitted and a Marine in His Majesty's Service as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished atf a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave under any Articles of War m^jUe for Punishment of Mutiny and Dersertion, and it shall not be necessary for any recruiting Party or Person employed in enlistine, to give any Notice to any such Person, or to go after any such Person for the Purpose of carrying such Person before any Justice or Magistrate as aforesaid, nor shall any such Person who shall not have remained with, or who shall not have returned to such recruiting Party or Person en-Ktting him as aforesaid be entitled to be' dffeharged or bt discharged by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid.

Apprentice*

LXII. And be it further enacted, ' That if any Person duly bound

sJ^gtheOath a* an Apprentice shall enlist as a Royal Marine in His Majesty's Service, and shall take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act r-kt»*' annexed marked (A.), every such Person so offending, and being

upCmJ i, thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to be imprisoned in any Gaol or House of Correction and kept to hard Labour for Two Years, and may be indicted and punished for obtaining Money under false Pretences, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship be liable to serve as a Marine; and if oq the Expiration of hfs Apprenticeship be shall not deliver himself to some Officer authorised to receive Recruits, may be taken as a De« ferter from His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces.

M«tten churning

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Matter shall be Apprentices shall. entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this take the Oath J rr r

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 19, 90, 91. 47

Ad, enlist at a Royal Marine in His Majesty's Sendee, u niffs such awtioari in Apprentice shall have been bound to him in England for the full Term Schedul* (8.) of Seven Year*, and if in Ireland for the full Term of Five Year# at the* kaft, and unless fac&Master shall withm One Calendar Month after Inch Apprentice (bailShave absconded or left hi# Service, go ^cfore some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C). -I

Continuance of Act in Great Britain 25 March 1809 to 25 March 44 1810 } in Ireland from 1 April 1809 to 1 April 1810. §66. — The 14 Schedule# arc precisely similar to those in 48 G, 3. c. 24.

CAP. XX.

An Act to make perpetual several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantation's in America; and for amending and making perpetual several Laws relating to the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty.

[24th March 1809.]

8 G. 1. c. 15. § r. a# to the Encouragement of the Silk Mai; u- fadurct, (last continued by 43 G. 3. c. 29. $ ro.) made perpetual.

§ 1. — 34 G. 3. # 2x7. for allowing the Itnponation of Rape Seed,

&c. (hit continued by 44 G. 3. c. 35. f I.) made perpetual. §2. —

cG. 2. c. 24. for encouraging the Growth of Coffee; except such Part as relate# to Foreign Coffee; (last continued by 43 G. 3. c. 29.

(12.) made perpetual. ( 3 — -8 G. i c, l8. to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, kc. (last continued by 43 G. 3. c. 29. §9.)

made perpetual; except such Parts as relate to Quarantine and to the licensing of Boats. §4. — 31 G. 3, c. 26. allowing the lm»

portation of Seal Skins, (last continued by 44 G. 3. c. 35. $ 2.) made 41 perpetual. Not to affect the Duties of Customs granted by

43 G-3- 6p: 44 G.3. r.53: 45 G 3*9: and 46 G. 3. c. 42.

-(But Jee novt 49 G. 3. c. 98.) — §5.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills.

[24th March 1809.]

The Ioterest on Exchequer Bills under 47 G. 3. Jl. 2. c. 73: 48 G. 3.

r. 7: 48 G. 3. c. 97: and 48 G. 3. c. 114. which shall be carried to Exchequer Office before March 90, 1809, shall be paid; and the Holders shall receive Cmificates-to the Bank entitling them at their Option for every 200L either to 103l. 3l. in the Five per Ceatt,

m from

're

A

Benefits of 45 G. 3. c. 57* extended to the Port of Falmouth > Jamaica.

Gci^-4.0 4*9° GEOJ A.D. 18t9t

u/r6ns' 5 January 1809; or to 8i/. 8n in the TaSd Hire par Cento, and V 26l. 5l. in the Four Cents, from 5 38099 provided th*

*? Amount of Exchequer Bills exchanged shall not exceed Eight Mil*.^lions. § i.

5 [v^er 48 <7. c. 38. an of a Jfmi/ar Nature.]

1 j

CAP. XXII.

An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Falmouth in the Island of Jamaica.

[24th March 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's fteiffn, intituled An ASto consolidate and

5 extendjthe^several JLaeus now in'force for allowing the Importation and Exportation.certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, a certain limited Trade is per- mitted to be carried on'zfT certain*PoTt8 in the Island of Jamaica 4 i % Foffigtj VefTch of a particular Description: And whereas it is 'deemed proper and exordient that such Trade should in tike Manner

bit permitted ?t ' the Port of Falmouth tn the said Island; Be it

*nafted by the King's Tnbft Excellent Majesty. by and with the JAdtice and (3<pfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, 'ih this, present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of ito far&e» TJtsh'froni at\d.after the pa&og of this Act all such Goods $nd ^fommod^e^, p9 are by, tipe said Act permitted to be imported into and exported from t^e P^rts in the Island of Jamaica, mentioned in the said Act> pay be imported iptp and expomd from, the Port of Falmouth'in the.iaid Iflapd, in the same Sort bf Vessels, under the flme Rules, Cpndfitjjms, ReguNtfdns, >ahd Restrictions, ' and subject to the li^Penalti^d Forfcitures for the Breach thereof, as are described, provided, and impofad in the said!Act; respectiogf thf Importation and Exportationr dfcQoods and Commodities into and frqiu the Ports jterntionfdiinC the faicbAft.': t*' —: }

1^; u -

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty.

[jqth March 1809.]

39 G. 3. c. 8;. (last contiiUi&Tby 46 G.'3. 19.^.)*-furtherTUnl

" tmurd to 23 March xS 10; except as to the Exportation of Corn, 44 Grain, and Flour, to Ireland.*i v -

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for charging with Duty Spent Wash, re-distilled in Great Britain.

[30th * 1809.]

WHEREAS certain DjliBers in Gre*t >BrMfiin are In; the ih Pra^i^e of ^fermentingnd re-distilling^Warti xoramonly t called iSpeakllyfi, taste^ the fame dWoffik 4h& SUU

r... 4*6*whcrcaa

49

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 24, 25.

whereas Doubts have arisen whether such Wash so re-fermer>ted is chargeable as new Wort or Wash: Now, for obviating all such

Doubts, be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Spent Walh which Spent Wadi shall be fermented or re-fermented for the Purpose of being distilled fe-distilled shall into Spirits, shall be deemed and taken to be New Worts or Walh j) to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall also be chargeable and jWulatiliiTof charged with all the Duties to which Wort or Wash brewed or c*ifting A£s. made for extracting Spirits, are or may be liable; and all such SpeDt Wash which shall be so fermented or re-fermented as aforesaid, shall also be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to all and Angular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Distillation of Spirits.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever.

[30th March 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit, for a limited Time, Tobacco to be brought into Great Britain, from Countries and Places from whence, under the Laws now in force, it cannot

legally be imported Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and Unmanufa&u'-ed after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Per- Tobcacomaybe fons to import into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever imported into in any Foreign Siahe, or from Malta or Gibraltar, any Sort of Unma- Great Britain nufactured Tobacco in any British Ship or Vessel owned, navigated, and fjy^to the* registered according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Ddtiespayable Country or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated in any Man- on British Planner whatever; and such Tobacco shall be subject and liable to such tation Tobacco, Duties of Custoras and Excise, and no other, as shall be due and pay- M»d shall on able on Tobacco of the Produce of the Brhifh Plantations; and such

Tobacco shall, on due Exportation, be entitled to such Drawbacks of Drawback*, the Duties of Cuiloms and Excise, as are paid and allowed on the Exportation of Tobacco of the Produce of the British Plantations, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contra'y notwithstanding: Provided always, that all Tobacco imported by virtue of this Act, shall be entered and landed only in such Ports in Great Britain, where Tobacco is or may be allowed to be entered and landed; and that such Tobacco may in such Ports be lodged and secured in Warehouses approved of by the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for 2g g. 3. c. 68. repealing the Duties on "Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof or of any other Act or Acts passed iince, relative to the-warehousing of Tobacco.

49° GEO. III. E II.

5°

Sucii Tobacco shall lit* subject to the same Hr^ulaiions as llrirish Plantation Tobacco.

l.bmjanufactured East Indian or South American Tobacco may be imjiorfed under Order in Council.

47 0. n. ft. 1. c. 24. (continued by 48 G.il. c. 20. §3.)

C. 25, 26. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Tobacco imported into or exported from Great Britain, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be and the same is hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions. Penalties, and Forfeitures to which any Tobacco of the Growth of the British Plantations is or may be subject and liable to, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act*and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament made for ftcimng the Revenues of Customs and Excise. or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Ciauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, (hill and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of Tobacco imported into or exported from Great Britain, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, so far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Ciauses, Provisions, Powers, Direction?, Pain.*, Penalties, and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful by Ordtr in Council to permit the Importation into Great Britain. as aforesaid, of nnmanus; ftured Tobacco, being the Produce of the East Indies. or of any of the Spanish or Portuguese Colonies or Plantations in South America, packed in any Sort of Packages whatsoever, upon such Condition* and under such Regulations and Re(iriftion9 as shall be imposed and provided in any such Order, any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

u Continuance of Act 25 March 1811. $ 4.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for allowing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Importation of certain Fish from Parts of the Coast of His Majesty's North American Colonies; and for granting a Bounty thereon.

[30th March 1809.]

WHEREAS it 19 deemed reasonable and proper that the Encouragement given to the Fisheries carried on from the Island

of Newfoundland, and Coast of Labrador, by an Act passed in the

Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for allowing until the F'trjl Day of August: One thousand eight hundred and eighty? the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland.

and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon, which has been continued by an Act of the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, until thfc Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, should be extended to the Fisheries carried k on by the Inhabitants of certain of His Majesty's Colonies on the ' Continent of North America; Be it enacted by the King's m >(t Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Salted or Pickled Salmon, or Salted Dry Cod

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 26, 27*

Fish, having been taken and cured at the Coast of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence* the Coast; of the Bay of Fundy, the Coast of Cape Breton, or the Coast of Prince Edward's Island by British Subjects, may be imported from any of the said Places into this Kingdom, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, that upon the Importation of such Fish into this Kingdom, and also upon the Importation of such Fish into the Islands of Guernsey or ferfey, from any of the said Coasts and Places, there shall be allowed and paid the same Bounty, and the same Rules, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, shall be applied to the Importation of such Fish, the Payment of Bounty thereon, and the Exportation thereof, as is and are allowed, mad-, provided and imposed by the said Act, in the Case of such Fish imported into this Kingdom, and the Islands of Guernsey and yerfey respectively, from the Island of Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador.

" Continuance of Act 25 Match 1810. §3.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland and the Islands adjacent; and for re-annexing Part of the Coast of Labrador and the Islands lying on the said Coast to the Government of Newfoundland.

[30th March 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland and the Islands adjacent; which, by several subsequent Acts, has been continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be amended, and the like Courts of Judicature as were thereby

instituted, be established and made perpetual Be it therefore enacted by the King's rood Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by his Commission under the Great Seal, to institute a Court of Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction, to be called The Supreme Court of Judicature of the Island of Newfoundland*99 with full Power and Authority to hold Plea of all Crimes and Misdemeanors committed within the Island of Newfoundland, on the Islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, and on the Islands and Seas to which Ships or Vesstis repair from the Island of Newfoundland for carrying on the Fishery, and on the Banks of Newfoundland, in the same Manner as Plea is holden of such Crimes and Misdemeanors in that Part of Great Britain called Englandt and also with full Power and Authority to hold Plea in a summary Way of all Suits, and Com. plaints of a Civil Nature arising within the Island of Newfoundland\ on the Islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, and on the Islands and Seas aforesaid, and on the Banks of Newfoundland, and in Great Britain or Ireland; which Court shall determine such Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature according to the Law of England, a3 far as the same can be applied to Suits and Complaints arising in the Islands


5X

Salted Sal mom or Cod cured at St. Lawrence, &c. by British Subja&s miy be imported.

Bounties shall be paid on Importation of such Fish, as o* Fish from Newfoundland.

33 G. 3. c. 7* (last continued by 46 G. 3. c. 29. §1.)

His Majesty, by Commission under the Great Seal, may institute a Court of Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction at Newfoundland,

54 C. 27.

49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

The Governor,

with Advice of Chief Justice, may institute Surrogate Courts, &c-

Mode of Proceedings in such Courts.

and Place* aforesaid; and the said Court shall be a Court of Record, and shall be holden by a Chief Justice to be appointed by His Majesty, who shall have full Power and Authority to inquire of, hear, and determine all Crimes and Misdemeanors, Suits and Complaints cognizable in the said Court, and such Court shall have such Clerks and Ministerial Officers as the Chief Justice Hv-dl think proper to appoint; and such Salary shall be paid to the said Chief Justice as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall aoprovc and direct, ard such Salaries be paid to the Clerks and Ministerial Officers aforesaid as shall be approved by the Chief Justice, with the Consent of the Governor of the Island of Newfoundland; which several Salaries shall respectively be in lieu of all other Profits and Emoluments whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor of the Island of Newfoundland from Time to Time to institute Courts of Civil Jurisdiction, to be called ' Surrogate Courts % in different Parts of the Island of Newfoundland and the 1 Hands aforesaid, is Occasion shall require, with full Power and Authority to hear and determine, in the like summary Way, all Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature arising within the Island of Newfoundland, and on the Island8 of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, and on the Ida no! 8 and Seas aforesaid, and on the Banks ot Newfoundland, and in Great Britain or Ireland; which Courts shall respectively be Courts of Record, and shall determine according to the Law of England, as far as the same can be applied to Suits and Complaints arising in the Islands and Places aforesaid; and the said Courts respectively shall be holden by a Surrogate to be appointed from Time to Time by the Governor of the said Istand, and shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine all Suits and Complaints cognizable in the said Court; ard the said Court shall have such Clerks and Ministerial Officers, with such Salaries as the Governor shall appoint, which Salaries shall be in lieu of ali Profits and Emoluments whatever.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Supreme Courts and Surrogate Courts respectively, when any Suit or-Complaint shall be depending the rein, to cause to appear from Day to Day all Persons intertfted in the Matter in Dispute, and to examine upon Oath such of them as it shall be deemed proper for better discovering the Truth, and thereupon, and after due Cor.fickration of all Circumstances, to make such Order, Judgment, or Decree therein, and award such Damages and Costs as the Case shall require; and that in all Cases where the Cause of any Suit or Complaint shall not exceed Five Pounds, the Party who is to answer such Suit or Complaint shall be made to appear in Court by Summons; and in all Cases where such Summons shall be disobeyed, or where the Cuife of any Suit or Complaint shall exceed Five Pounds, and shall be sworn to in an Affidavit made by the Plaintiff, then that the Party who is to answer such Suit or Complaint may be caused to appear, by Attachment of his or her Goods, Debts, or Effects, or by Arrest of the Person, and that the Execution of any Order, Judgment, or Decree may be enforced by Attachment of the Goods, Debts, or Credits of the Party, or by Arrest of the Person against whom such Order, Judgment, or Decree shall be made; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Chief Justice and Surrogates respectively to authorize some Person in his or their Absence relpe&ivtiy to issue Process, and do all Acts appertaining to the said Supreme Court and Surrogate Courts respectively,

fa?«

jDy

S3

C.

27.

save and except the inquiring of, hearing, and determining of any Crime or Misdemeanor, or any Suit or Complaint of a Civil Nature.

IV. And be it further enacted, That where the Cause of Action Mode of Trial shall exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings, and it shall be prayed by the of A6»n above Plaintiff or Defendant in such Suit or Complaint that a Jury may be t^ury, or summoned to try such Action, it shall be lawful for the said Chief jU(jL°rSl°*Justice and Surrogates respectively, and he and they are hereby respectively required to cause Twenty-four Persons to be summoned, of whom Twelve shall be a Jury for the Trial of such Action, and to proceed therein according to Law: Provided always, that if a Number of Jurors sufficient for the Trial of such Action, having been duly summoned, shall not appear to be sworn, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor of the said Island to nominate and appoint Two proper Persons to be Assessors to the said Chief Justice, and for each Surrogate in his Court in like Manner to nominate and appoint Two proper Persons to be his Assessors; which Assessors, together with the said Chief Justice or Surrogates respectively, shall proceed to the Trial of such Action in like Manner as if such Jury had not been prayed.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon any Decree or Judgment Appals from die given in a Surrogate Court, for any Sum exceeding Forty Pounds, it Surrogate Court.shall be lawful for the Party against whom such Decree or Judgment. Court in Actions shall be given to appeal therefrom to the Supreme Court, having first above 401. and given Notice of such Intention, and having entered into a Security from the

to the Surrogate in double the Sum for which such Judgment or Supreme Court Decree was given or made, within Two Days after making or giving Jo the Privy such Judgment or Decree, for duly prosecuting such Appeal; and Addons exceed-upon any Decree or Judgment given in the Supreme Court for any -m(r 100j

Sum exceeding One hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful for the Party

against whom such Decree or Judgment shall be given or made to appeal

therefrom to His Majesty in Council, having first given Notice of such

Intention, and having entered into Security, to be approved by the

Chief Justice, in double the Sum for which such Judgment or Decree

was given or made within Two Days after the giving or making of such Judgment or Decree, for duly prosecuting such Appeal; and

in all Cases of Appeal, as soon as Notice shall be given and Security

entered into as aforesaid, Execution shall be stayed, but not otherwise.

VI. And Whereas it will greatly contribute to the Advancement

of the Trade and Fishervof Newfoundland, if such Effetls as Persons

becoming insolvent in the said IHand of Newfoundland and the Islands

aforesaid were possessed of or entitled unto within the said Istand, or in the Islands or Seas aforesaid. or on the Banks of Newfoundland,

should be divided among their Creditors with more Equality than hath

hitherto been practised Be it further enacted, That as often as the When Goods Goods, Debts, and Credits of any Person shall be attached, and it are attached, and shall be made appear to the Court out of which the Process of Attachment hath issued, that the Goods, D; bts. and Credits so attached arethe

not fufjeient to pay Twenty Shillings in the Pound to all those who Court shall order shall be Creditors by reason of Debts contracted within the Island of his Eifie&s to be Newfoundland, and on the Islands and S: as aforesaid, or on the Banks cohered and of Newfoundland^ or in Great Britain and Ireland, it shall be lawful for vhftnbuted. such Court to summon the Party whole Goods, Debts, and Credits are so attached, together with the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs who have sued eut any Attachment, and also such Persons who are known to be Creditors as aforesaid of the Defendant, to appear in Court at a certsia

£3 Djy*

C. 27.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

IMfirlVtion of I ffe&s of insolvent Parties,

Certificate of the Court shall be a Ear to Suits for Debts prior to Insolvency.

dfcef Justict may grant Probates and Administrations.

S3 G. 3. c. 76. continued until the opening of the Supreme Court.

Day; and if upon a doc Examination of the Defendant and the said Creditors, it shall appear that he or she is insolvent, the Court shall declare him or her insolvent accordingly* and shall immediately proceed to take order for discovering, collecting, and fe'ling the Effects and Debts of such Person, and distributing the Produce thereof rateably amongII all the said Creditors of such Person so declared info'.vent* and for that Purpose shall authorize any One or more Creditors of the said Defendant, who shall be chosen by the majoi Part in Value of such Creditors, whose Debts amount respectively to the Sum of Ten Pounds and upwards, to perform the same; and that such Court shall from Time to Time make such Order therein as shall he deemed proper for better discoverin^, colle&irii:, and felling the Ertc&s and Debts, and making a rateable Distribution thereof among the said Creditors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the Distribution to be made of the Jiftate and Effect* of such Person so declared insolvent, every Fisherman and Seaman employed in the Fishery, who shall be z Creditor for Wages become due in the then current Season, shall first. be paid Twenty Shillings in the Pound so far as the Efle&« will go; and in the next Place every Person who shall be a Creditor for Supplies furnished in the current Season shall be paid Twenty Shillings in the Pound; and in the next Place every Person who shall have become a Creditor within Two Years shall be paid Twenty Shillings in the Pound; and lastly, all other Creditors shall be paid equally as far as the Effects will go.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if such insolvent Person shall make a true Disclosure and Discovery of all his or her Goods and Effe£U whatsoever, and shall conform him or herself to the Order and Direction of the said Court, the same shall and may (with the Consent of One-half in Number and Value of his or her Creditors) be certified by the said Court, and such Certificate, when pleacted, shall be a Bar to all Suits and Complaints for Debts contracted within the Island of Newfoundland, and on the Islanda and Seas aforesaid, and on the Banks ol Newfoundland, and in Great Britain or Ireland, prior to the Time when he or she was declared info'vent.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Chief Justice, or any Person or Persons appointed by him for that Purpose under his Hand and Seal, shall have Power to grant Administration of the Effects of Inteftatts, and the Probate of Wills, and that the Effects of deceased Persons shall not be administered within the Island of Newfoundland\ or on the Islands and Seas aforesaid, or on the Banks of Newfoundland* unless Administration thereof, or Probate of Wills resptfting the same, shall have been duly granted by such Authority as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present MajestyV Reign, intituled An Act for estabiyhing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent, which has by several subsequent Acts been continued to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be and continue in Force until the opening of the Supreme Court instituted by virtue of this Act, and no longer; and every Suit or Complaint which shall at that Time be depending in the said Court of Civil Jurisdiction shall and may be proceeded upon in the said Supreme Court, in the same Manner as any Suit cr Complaint originally commenced in the said Supreme Court.

XI.

C. 2

55

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not he lawful for any No Courts shall Court in the Island of Newfoundland\ or Islands aforesaid (except the hold Ptas except Supreme Court and the Surrogate Courts appointed by virtue of this ^liv, fioui Ad) to hold Plea of any Suit or Complaint of a Civil Nature, any oi CT* Law, Custom, or Ufaee to the contrary not with (lauding: Provided nevertheless, that the Court of Vice-Admiralty having Jurisdiction

in the said Istand, shall and may ho d Plea of Maritime Cauies (except oniy the Wages of Seamen and Fishermen, which are to be heard and determined in Manner herein after directed,) and Cdufes of the Revenue, as heretofore practised and used: Provided a'.so, that all Disputes which shall arise concerning the Wages of any Seaman or Fishercnan, and all Offences which shall be committed by any Hirer or Employer of such Seaman or Fisher nan, against this or any other Act relating to the Island of Newfoundland, or the Islands and Seas aforesaid, or the Fishery thereof, and ail Disputes concerning Seamen or Fishermen wilfully absenting themselves f'om their Duty or Employ, without the Leave or Consent of their Hirer or Employer, or wilfully neglecting or refuting to work, shall and may be heard and determined, and the Penalties and Forfeiiures thereby incurred shall and may be recovered in the Court of Session, or before any Two Justices of the Peace.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Suits for DeU* lawful for the Court of Session in a summary Way to hear and detfcr- 40* maj mine all Suits for the Payment of Debt3 not exceeding Forty Shillings, tCourt of^ and not contracted more than One Year before the Commencement of Session. such Suits respectively; and it shall be lawful for the Court of Session,

or such Two Justices rtlptdively, to award Costs therein; and such Determination and Award shall be final, and shall be carried into Execution by Attachment and Sale of the Goods and Effects of the Party against whom the Determination was made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chief Justice said Chief Justice to settle such Forms of Process, and such Rules of shallfettleFom\^ Practice and Proceeding, for the Conduct of all Pleas, Suits, and Complaints, and for the Dispatch of the Business of the said Supreme f

Court and Surrogate Courts, and of the Business in the Courts of Session, or before any One or more Justices of the Peace respectively, v

and to appoint such reasonable Fees to be taken for the Conduct and Dispatch of Pleas, Suits, Complaints and other Business as aforesaid, and for the granting Administration of the Eflfeds of Intcstates, and for the Probate of Wills, as shall seem necessary and proper for expediting Matters with the most Convenience and least Expence to the Parties concerned therein; and such Process and Rules of Practice and Proceeding shall be followed and obeyed, and such Fees shall be paid accordingly, and no other, and that all such Fees received in any Surrogate Court shall be paid and accounted for by the Surrogate in the said Supreme Court; and that it shall be lawful for the said Chief Justice, and he is hereby required to settle and limit what Fees and Poundage shall be taken by the Sheriff of Newfoundland, and the same shall be taken, and none other; provided that no such Fees for the Dispatch of Pleas, Suits, and Complaints, or other Business as aforesaid, or for granting Administration or Probate of Wills, and no Fees or Poundage to be taken by the Sheriff, shall be taken until the Rate and Table of every Fee or Poundagefo to be taken shall have been approved

E 4 by

5<5 C. 17. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Part of the Cop.ft of Labrador and the Iflanrls King on the said C'oeit re-annexed to ilie rjo\ eminent ot Newfoundland.

31 C. 3. c. 31.

Supreme Court frail hold Fleas arising within such Farts.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

by the Governor of the said Island of Newfoundland, and such Approbation signified under his Hand and Seal.

XIV. And Whereas his Majesty by Hie Proclamation of the 1 Seventh Day of October One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three,

was pleased to declare that be had put the Coast of Labrador from the River Saint John to Hudfods Streights, with the Islands of Anti- cojit and Madelaine, and all other smaller Islands lying on the said Coast,

under the Care and Inspection of the Governor of Newfoundland:

And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majt fty, intituled An Act for making more effectual Provison for the Government of the Province of Quebec in North America, all such Territories, Islands and Countries, as since the

Tenth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three

had been made Part of the Government of Newfoundland, were, during His Majesty's Pleasure, annexed to and made Part of the Province of Quebec, as created by the said Proclamation: And Whereas in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to Reteal certain Parts of an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for making more effectual.Provison for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America/ and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province. the said Province of Quebec was divided into Two Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada, the

latter including the Parts of the Coast of Lalrador and the said 1 Islands so formerly annexed to the Government of Newfoundland:

And Whereas it is expedient that the said Coast of Labrador, and the 'adjacent Islands (except the Islands ot Madelaine) should be reannexed to the Government of Newfoundland; Be it therefore enacted, That such Parts of the Coast of Labrador from the River Saint John to Hudfods Streights, and the said Island of Ant'icof i, and all other smaller Islands so annexed to the Government of Newfoundland by the said Proclamation of the Seventh Day of October One thousand seven hundred and sixty three, (except the said Islands of Madelaine,) shall be separated from the said Government of Lower Canada, and be again re-anntxcd to the Government of Newfoundland; any Thing in the said Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Supreme Court of Judicature of the Island of Newfoundland to hold Plea of all Crimes and Misdemeanors committed, and of all Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature arising within such Parts of the Coast of Labrador from the River Saint John to Hudfods Streights, and the said Island of Anticofi. and all other smaller Islands lo reannexed to the Government of Newfoundland\ or on the Islands, Seas, and Harbours, to which Ships and Vessels repair from the Parts of the Coast of Labrador and the Island and Islands so re-anntxed to the Government of Newfoundland for carrying on the Fishery, in the same Manner as the said Supreme Court holds Plea of Crimes and Misdemeanors committed, an i of Suit9 and Complaints of a Civil Nature arising within the Island of Newfoundland, and on the Islands and Seas aforesaid, and on the Banks of Newfoundland.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by any Act of Parliament made, or which shall

57

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 27, 28.

hereafter be made, relating to the Island of Newfoundland, or the Fishery thereof, may be recovered in a summary Way in the said Supreme Court, or in any Surrogate Court; and every Penalty and Forfeiture of the Sum of Ten Pounds or under may be recovered in the Court of Session, or before any One or more Justices of the Peace; and all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed, paid, or levied in any Surrogate Court, or in any Court of Session, or before any One or more Justices of the Peace, shall be forthwith estreated and paid into the said Supreme Court by the Surrogate, or by the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively before whom they were recovered; and it shall be lawful for the said Supreme Court to issue Procefa for better compelling such Justices and Surrogates to bring to account all Monies which ought to be so paid and accounted for as aforesaid; and all Money arising from fucfy Fees, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall be applied and appropriated towards defraying the Expence of carrying this Act into Execution.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any A&iqn or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Matter or Thing done; and the Defendant in such Suit or Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon 5 and if a Verdict shall pa(s for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff shall, be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant has appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verd»dl or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover Treble Coft6, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to enable the Clerks of the King's Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King's Bench to be admitted as Attornies.

[30th March 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors

4 by which it was enacted, (among other Things,) That from and after the First Day of December One thousand seven hundred and thirty, no Person shallld be permitted to act as an Attorney in any of

His Majesty's Courts of Record therein-mentioned, unless such Person should have served as a Clerk for and during the Space of Five

Years to an Attorney, duly and legally fwotn and admitted, and

should have been thereupon examined, sworn, admitted, and inrolled ' in any of the said Courts respectively: And Whereas by the said Act, it was provided and enacted, That nothing therein contained should extend, or be conllrued to extend to the Examination, Swear-

ing, Admissi m, or Inrollment of the S: x Clerks of the Court of Chancery, or the Sworn C<erks in their Office or the waiting Clerks belonging to the said Six Clerks, or the Cursitors of the said Court, or of the Clerks of the Petty Bag Office, or of the Clerks of the King's

Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King's Bench, or of the

filazers of the same Court, or of the Filazers of the Court of Common

Pleas

Limitation of Actions fix. Months.

[General Issue.]

Treble Costs*

2 G. 2. c.

8 -C. 28, 29* 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Picas at Westminster, or of the Attornies of the Court of the Duchy

Chamber of Lancaster, or of the Attornies of the Court of Exchequer at Chester, or of the Attornies of the Courts of the Lord Mayor

and Sheriffs of London respectively for the Time being; but that the said Clerks, Fiiazers, and Attornies respectively, should and might be examined, sworn, admitted, im oiled, and practise in their respective

Courts and Offices aforesaid, io like Manner as they might have been, or done before the making of that Act: And Whereas Objections have b«cn made and allowed to the* Title to Admission and 1 Inrolment as Attornies, by virtue and under the said Act of Parliament, of Persons in respect of their having served a Clerkship of Five

Years to some of the Clerks to the King's Coroner and Attorney of the Court of Kind's Bench, and having afterwards been admired

to practise as Clerks of the said Coroner and t Attorney: And

Whereas it is expedient that Persons havinvr served a Clerkship of

Five Years to some of the Clerks of the King's Coroner and Attorney of the Court of King's Bench, and having been afterwards

admitted to practise as Clerks of the said Cironer and Attorney, should, in respect thereof, be entitled t be admitted and inrolled

Attornies: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with tht Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pr.-sent Parliament assembled,

Cleiki of Coro- and by the Authority of the same, That the said Clerks of the said nrr and Attorney Coroner and Attorney of the Court of King's Bench who have been re£ularly admitted, or who hereafter may be regularly admitted as maybe admitted Clerks, shall and m3y be approved, sworn, and admitted to prac-

and practise as tise, and may practise as Attornies in the said Court of King's Bench,

Attornies and may also practise in any other of the Courts of Record in the said recited Act mentioned, in the Name, and with the Corfeni of some sworn Attorney of such Court, such Consent to be in Writing, and signed by such Attorney as aforesaid, in like Manner as the Attornies of such Court, or the Attornies or Clerks of the Offices of the King's Remembrancer. Treasurer's Remembrancer, Pipe or Office of Pleas, in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster are, in and by the said Act empowered to do.

---

[Public Act.]

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for the Appropriation of Twenty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, towards the Encouragement of the saving of Flax Seed for sowing in Ireland.

[28th April 1809.]

---

Irish Treasury empowered to pay to the Trustees of the Linen 41 and Hempen Manufactures 20.00ol. out of Irish Consolidated " Fund. §1. To be applied in Bounties for the Encouragement " of saving of Fu»x Seed, the Growth of the present Year, under Regulations to be made by the Tin frees. §2. Bounties shall be ii paid on Seed in PoffVflion of the Growers (their Executors, &c.) tl on iff January 1810: which shall be certified to be found. §

" Application of the Bounty shall be accounted for before Commissioners

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 29, 3Q 3r>

ft sioners of Impveft Accounts, f 4. Penalty of Perjury on Persons4 taking false Oath. 1^5. Act may be altered or repealed tlig M Seffijn. §6.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, certain Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for warehousing in Ireland, Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations.

[zMi April 1809.]

47 G. 3. Jl. 1. c. 19. (continued by 4S G. 3. c. 17.) further continued till March 23, 1S10, excepta9 to warehousing British Plantation Sugar. $ 1.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all British Plantation Sugar which before the passing of this Act, or at any Time after the passing thereof, (hill have been or shall be warehoused in Ireland, shall be subject and liable to the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, contained in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to he warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

III. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to land the same in Ireland, before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighty and which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be and the same is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten 2 Provided always, that Rum and Spirits lodged in any Warehouse under the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year aforesaid, shall be permitted to remain therein for any Time not exceeding Fifteen Calendar Months, from the Time when the same shall have been or shall be first warehoused, and shall not be sold by the Commission*-rs of CufToms at any Time before the Expiration of such Fifteen Calendar Months, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §4.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty free, of Corn and other Provisions.

[28th April 1809.]

So much of 41 G. 3. (U.K.)c. 36. (last continued by 48 G. 3.C. 27.) 41 as enables the Lord Lieutenant to prohibit the Exportation to and

Importation

59

Sugar shall be warehoused in Ireland under Regulations of 48 G. 3. c. 32.

41 G. 3. (U.K. c. 94. (continue* by 48 Geo. 3. c. 17.) further co ltinued till March 2 5, 1810.

Spirits warehoused under recited Act may remain in Warehouse fifteen Months.

6o

c. 31, 32.

49 GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

4fl G. a. r. 2.

§ 19.

After March 25, 1809, there shall be paid upon all Annuities, Penftons, &e. the Duties set forth in tha Schedule.

Under the Commissioners for Tames.

Duties shall he levied under Regulations of the following Acts, vis.

43 G. 3. c. 99.

43 G. 3. C. 150.

Importation from Ireland of Corn and Provisions, further continued 41 to March 25, 18 ro, except so far as respects the Exportation of Corn, Grain, or Flour to Great Britain.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence, repealed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions, and Stipends, and thereby granted for One Year to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS certain Rates and Duties were granted to His Majesty for One Year, from the Twenty*fifth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and eight, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malty Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain,

and on Penftons and Offices in England, and for repealing so much of certain Acts as relate to certain Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, on Offices and Perfions, and for re-granting the said Ditties of Six-pence and One Shilling respectively, and the said other Duties for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, and it is expedient to continue the same to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successora forever: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, there shall be assessect, raised, levied and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other Payments, Salaries, Fees, Wages, and Perquisites, as set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, the several Rates and Duties respectively inserted and contained therein; which Schedule, and the Rates and Duties therein respectively contained, and the Rules and Exemptions therein respectively mentioned shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the same were severally and respectively incorporated therewith, and under a special Enactment: and the Duties nereby granted and contained in the said Schedule when paid collected, or dedusted, shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties shall be affrffed, raised, levied, paid and accounted for under the Provisions and Regulations of the several Acts herein after mentioned, videlicet; One Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Ma-> nagement of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same; One other Act passed in the same Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating certain of the Provi+ jions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commffiotiers for the Affa*r* of Taxes, and for amending the said

6i

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 32.

said Acts so far as the same relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; Two other Acts passed in the Forty.fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, One thereof intituled An Act for explaining 45 G. a. c. 5, and amending an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, so far as relates to the Power of acting as Commissioners in certain Difirids; and the other thereof, intituled An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Forty-third 45 G. 3. c. 95. Year of His present Majesty, fir consolidating certain of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Duties in Scotland, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes as relates to the Appointment of Assessors and Sub Collectors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Persons affffed to the said Duties; and One other Act passed in the Fortyfixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War and until the 46 G. 3. c. 65.

Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of

Peace further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates

and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades and

Offices, and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majfiy for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty-

third Year of His present Majesty for granting a Contribution on the Profits

arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and to consolidate

and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties; and

one other Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His

said present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Acts relating to 45 G. 3.C. 141.

the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits of Property,

Prosessions, Trades and Offices, and to regulate the Assessment and Collection of the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons who Commissionen, now are, or for the Time being shall be Commissioners for putting in Inspeaors, &c. exrcution the said Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of for executing His present Majesty, in relation to the Duties granted by the said Act,* 3* 5:

on the Profits arising from Offices or Employment of Profit, and upon i^E^cution,

Pensions or Stipends respectively, shall be Commissioners for putting '

in execution this Act and the Powers herein referred to or contained,

in the several Departments or Difiridis throughout the said respective

Parts of Great Britain; and the several Inspectors-General, Inspectors,

and Surveyors respectively, and the several Clerks, Assessors and Collectors respectively appointed or to be appointed, to put in execution

the several Acts beforementioned, shall be Inspectors-General, Inspec-

tora. Surveyors, Clerk*, Asseflore and Collectors to put in execution

this Act within the Limits of their respective Departments and Dif-

tritise to which they are or shall be respectively appointed, and the said Commissioners, Inspector3*General, Inspectors, Surveyors, Assessors

and Collectors respectively, are hereby empowered and required to do

all Things neetrtary for putting this Act in execution with relation

to the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is, or shall be authorised to put in execution the said last mentioned Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be construed Tills Act shall be in such Manner, and to the like Effect in all Respedis as if tfye Rates construed as if and Duties granted and mentioned in the Schedule hereto annexed die Duties vere contained in and granted by the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year typified in the

of

Schedule were granted by 46 G. 3. c. 65. and the Provisions contained in 4*5 and 49 G. 3. shall be applied in Execution of this Act, &c.

Except as to Allowances on lucomes.

Duties shall ba carried to the

Coni'ulidated

Fund.

C. 32. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

of His present Majesty; and in the Execution of this Act all and every the Provifmns contained in the said Lveral Acts passed in the Forty-third and Forty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, shall be ut-d and applied in like Manner, and to the like Effect as the same Provisions may be used or applied in the Execution of the said Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, but subject nevertheless to the levtrrai Rules and Exemptions in the Schedule to this Act contained; and ail and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rule9, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said lait mentioned Act, except where other Provisions are made in this Act, or in the Schedule thereto annexed, shall severally and respectively in the Execution of this Act be duly observed, practised, and put in ex cation throughout the respective Parts of Great Britain in the said feveml Acts mentioned, as fully and eflVftuaHv to all Intents and Purposrs as it the same Powers. Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly and respectively repeated and le enacted in the Body of this Act, and shall itverally, except as aforesaid, and also except as herein after is provided, be applied, construed, deemed and taken to brlong to this Act in like Manner as if the same had been enacted therein, and expressly applied to the Duties hereby granted: Provided always, that the Allowances to be granted from or out of the Affiff-ments to be made by virtue of the said Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty to Persons in respect of their Incomes, shall not be made, allowed or granted out of the Duties to be assessed by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further er.acted, That the Monies arising from the Rates a: d Duties of One Shilling and Six.pence in the Pound ref-p.ft'v-ly impofrd on the several Matters and Things contained in the said Schedule, (the nrceffitry Charges for raising and accounting for the same excepu-d), shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, separate and apart from each other, and from all other Rates and Duties, and shall be earned to, and made Part of thux ConLlidated Fund of Great Britain.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §6.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the Act of the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

No. I.

For every Twenty Shillings or the Yearly Value or Amount of all Salaries, F es and P iquilites incident to, or received for or in respect of all Offices and Employments of Profit in Great Britain, granted by or derived from the Crown, exceeding the Value of One h- n 'r. d P unds per Annum, which have been heretofore rated or afT ifed by virtue of any Act for granting art Aid to His Majesty by a L and Tax, and which fir.ee the Act for the Redemption of such Parc thereof as was charged on Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, h ve been rated or aflVfftd to the Tax on Offices or Employments of Pro hi, by virtt* of any Act or Acts Lr continuing the said last it. ntioned Tax for One Year and fr» m Y-.ar to Year, over and above all other Duties already charged or payable, the Sum of One Shilling.

6 For

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 32.

For every Twenty Shillings of all Pensions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenue belonging to His Majesty in Great Britain exceeding the Annual Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, over and above all other Duties already charged or payable, the Sum of - - - One Shilling.

No. II.

For and upon (*) all Salaries, Fees, and Wages, payable for or*Evert/ 20s. of in resp^i^ of Offices of Profit granted by or derived from the Crown, which have heretofore been rated or afftfTcd in Manner aforesaid, and q Uq for and upon all Pensions and Annuities charged upon the Revenue of Great Britain, over and above all other Duties already charged or payable, the Sum of Sixpence

EXEMPTIONS to the several Duties, as set forth in the Schedules No. I. and II. before mentioned.

Any of the Royal Family.

Any Person on the Staff' of His Majesty's Army; any Commissioned or Non-commissioned Officer or Private in the Army, Artillery, Marines, or Corps of Engineers, or in the Militia or Volunteers, or in the Navy.

Auv Pension or Gratuity which His Majesty's Royal Predecessors, or His Majesty shall have been, or His laid Majesty, His Heirs or S iccefTrs, shall be, pltafed to declare in the Warrant, Order, or ether Inftriwnnt, directing Payment thereof to be intended as Charitable Donations.

Auy Office or Employment in any of the Universities in Great Britain,

In every Case when any Silary, Wages, Fees, Perquisites, Gratuities, or other Payments payable in respect of any Office or Employment of Profit, or any Annuity, Pension, Sripend. or other Payment, shall have been specially exempted from the Payment of Aids and Taxes by any Act of Parliament.

In every Case, where any Salary, Stipend, or other Payment of, or i.i refoed of any Office or Employment, or any P pportion of such Salary, Stipend, or other Payment which shall be payable to any Person in resptd of his having held any Office or Employment, or upon his Superannuation from such Office or Employment, shall have been or shall be directed to be paid net or without Deduction, by any Order of His Majesty in Council, or by any Warrant under the Royal SiManual, or by any OrJer of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

In tvery Case where the Charge or Charges of One Shilling and of Sixpence respectively, or of either of them, or any Salary, Stipend, or other Payment aforesaid, shall have been directed to be repaid or rc-tmburftd to the Party charged with the said Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence respectively out of the Publick Revenue, or out of the Contingent or Fee Fund or Incidents of any Department|of Office by like Order of His Mqrlty in Council, or by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury*

C. 32. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Provided always, that the Authority for the Payment net or without Deduction of any Salary, Stipend, or other Payment aforesaid, and the Authority for the Re-payment out of the Publick Revet ue, or out of the Contingent or Fee Fund or Incidents of any Department of Office of any Charge made on any Salary, Stipend, or other Payment aforesaid, shal be respectively cert'fied by some principal Officer in the Department to which such Office or Employment belongs, or such Payment is made, to be so paid net or without Deduction, or to be repaid out of the said Revenue.

RULES for charging the said several and respective Duties contained in Nc. I. and II. or either of them.

The said Duties shall extend to and be charged upon ail Payments whatsoever made or to be made to any Ptrfo* who shall have been superannuated, or shall have retired fmm any Office or Employment chargeable under this Act, in like Manner and to the like Extent as such Payments would have been chargeable if such Person had continued to hold such Office or Employment, except such Offices or Employments of Profit as are expressly exempted therefrom by this Act.

The said Duties shall extend to all Payments out of any Contingent Fund or Fee Fund, or Incidents of any Department of Office, in like Manner as to any Payment out of the Publick Money, except as aforesaid.

The Profits of every such Office or Employment hereby chargeable with the said Duty of One Shilling upon the Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites thereof, and the Profits of every such Office or Employment of Profit hereby chargeable with the said Duty of Sixpence, upon the Salary, Fees, and Wages thereof, shall severally and respectively be computed, raised, levied and paid according to the Annual Value at which such Profits respectively stand valued and rated in the last Assessment to the said Tax on Offices and Employments of Profit by such Annual Act as aforesaid.

All Offices and Employments of Profit exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, and hereby charged with the said Duty of One Shilling, for every Twenty Shillings thereof, shall also be further chargeable with the said Duty ot Sixpence for every Twenty Shillings thereof, according to the Provisions of this Act respecting the said Duty of Sixpence, and all Offices and Employments of Profit exceeding the said Annual Value, and hereby charged with the said Duty of Sixpence, shall also be further chargeable with the said Duty of One Shilling according to the Provisions of this Act respecting the said Duty of One Shilling, and the Charge or Payment of either of the said Duties in respect of such Office or Employment of Profit as last aforesaid, shad not be construed to exonerate any Person from the Charge or Payment of the other of them.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III.

C-33.34*

<S

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to grant an Excise Duty on Spirits made or distilled from Sugar in Ireland, during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excise Duty now chargeable thereon; and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof to Foreign Parts.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland is prohibited by Law for a limited Time/ Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, during the Time in which the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland shall be so prohibited, there shall be raised. levied, collected, paid, and satisfied unto, and to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitae, Strong Waters/ or Spirits, which at any Time or Times during such Prohibition shall be made or distilled in Ireland from Sugar, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law, the Sum of Two Shillings and Ten-pence Half-penny British Currency and no more, in lieu of the Excise Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven-pence Half-penny British Currency, granted on such Spirits by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; and that for every Gallon of such Spirits which shall have been distilled during such Prohibition as aforesaid, and which shall be exported from Ireland, to any Place except to Great Britain, and which shall not be exported from Warehouse in Irelandf there shall be allowed and paid a Drawback of Five Shillings and Eight-pence, and no more.

Duty and Drawback shall be levied and paid in Manner prescribed 41 by recited Act. §2.

III. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of any Charge on any Decrease of Wash produced from Sugar under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act, the Officer of Excise keeping an Account of Waffi in the Distillery of any Distiller in Ireland shall, on any Decrease of Waffi produced from Sugar, charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spir ts calculated after the Rate of Eighteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Waffi so decreased, and so in proposition for any greater or less Quantity of Waffi.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §4.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to permit the Registry at Malta of Ships taken as Prize.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, during such Time as the Island of Malta shall remain under the British Government, to permit the Registry in the said Island of Ships and Vessels which are

condemned there as lawful Prize, and to extend to Ships and Vessels

49 Geo. III.

During the Prohibition of Difiliation from Corn, there shall be levied, on Spirits distilled from Sugar, 2s. 10-fd. British per Galion, in lieu of 5s. 1 1-Jd. under 48 G. 3. c. 7$. and a Drawback of 5s. 8d. per Gallon iKa.il bo allowed on Exportation.

Cl large on Distillers 18 J

Gallons of Spirit

for every 100 Gallons of Sugar Waffi*

66

Gemnor of Make, &c. may make Registry ef Vessels condemned there as Itize, and giant Certificates thereof under such Regulations as Governors residing in any Colony, &c. my do by 96 G. 3. c. 60.

Powers of such Governors extended to Governor of Malta, &c.

t Such Registry as valid as if made In Great Britain.

Ships lo

registered, owned by Natives of Malta, may be navigated aa British Prize Ships to Great Britain, Sic. while Malta it under British Government.

C. 34. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

so regiftjred the same Privileges and Advantages as are granted to Prize Ships and Vessels registered in Great Britain Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, or Commander in Chief, or the Commissioners exercising the Civil Power in the said Island, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, on Application being made to them or either of them for that Purpose, to make Registry of any such Ship or Vessel, and to grant a Certificate of such Registry, in the same Manner, and under the same Rule?, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, or Commander in Chief, residing in any Colony, Plantation, Istand, or Territory, belonging to His Majesty, in AJtay Africa, or America, are by an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Increase of Shipping and Navigation, authorised to make Registry of the Ships and Vessels therein mentioned, and to grant Certificate of such Registry.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities in relation to any Arts, Matters, or Things that may be done by the Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, or Commander in Chief, in any such Colony, Plantation, Istand, or Territory, under and in pursuance of the said recited Act, shall and may be done and put in Execution, and shall extend to the Governor, L/cutenant-Governor, and Commander in Chief, and the Commissioner exercising the Civil Power in the said Island of Malta; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of the said recited Acts, and every other Clause, Matter, and Thing, therein contained, as to the Registry of Ships and Vessels, shall, so far as the same are applicable, extend and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend to Ships and Vessels registered under and in pursuance of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers and Authorities, Pains, Penalties, Fines, Forfeitures, Provision9, Clauses, Matters, ard Things, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and were made Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That any such Ship or Vessel so condemned as lawful Prize, and registered as aforesaid, being owned and navigated according to Law, shall be entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of a Prize Ship or Vessel io like Manner, as if condemned and registered in Great Britain, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any such Ship or Vessel so condemned as lawful Prize and registered as aforesaid, being owned wholly or in Part by any Person or Persons not being British-born Subjects, but being Natives of and Residents in the said Iflaod, and being navigated by a Matter and Three-fourths of the Mariners either British Subjects or Natives of the said Istand, shall, during the Time that the said Island shall remain under the British Government, and for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after and no longer, be entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of a Prize Ship or Vessel, in like Manner as if condemned and registered in Great Britain, so far as respects the dire d Trade between jthe said Islands of Great Britain and to and from the said Island and any Place within the Streights, and in no other Trade whatsoever, any Thing ia any Act or Acts to

-A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 34, 35.

the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that in every Certificate of Registry which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, an Insertion shall be made in the Front thereof, dating whether the Ship or Vessel so registered is owned wholly or in part by Persons who are Natives of and resident in the said Island of Malta, or otherwise.

V. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer or Officers by whom Certificates of Registry shall have been granted by virtue of and in pursuance of this Act, shall forthwith, or within One Month at the furthest, transmit to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in London, a true and exact Copy of every Certificate of Regiilry, with the Number thereof, which shall have been so granted.

---

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the more convenient Payment of Pensions to Widows of Officers of the Navy.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS His late Majesty King George the Second was graciously pleased, by Commission under the Privy Seal, bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of August in the Sixth Year of His Reign, to constitute and appoint certain Persons, and their Successors, to be Commissioners or Governors of the Charity for the Relief of Poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Comfort and Accommodation of the Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, entitled to Pensions from the said Commissioners or Governors, if such Pensions were paid to the respective Widows entitled thereto, in the Parities or Places of their Residence, or as near thereto as may be: May it therefore please Your Majesty that

---

it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, it shall be lawful for the Court of Assistants of the said Charity, to order and direct that all such Pensions shall be paid to the Widows entitled thereto, at or near to the Parishes or Places of their Residence, in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, by any Persons appointed by them to pay the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Assistants to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and from Time to Time to alter the same in relation to the Payment of any such Pensions to any such Persons so entitled thereto as aforesaid; and also as to any Certificates, Vouchers, Receipts, or Orders for the better regulating, managing, and making such Payments, and to require such Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto, as may be requisite for the ordering and securing the Payment of such Pensions: Provided always, that every such Order or Regulation may, fre m Time to Time, be revoked or altered by any Warrant, Order, or Instru&ioa under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, if any Widow who shall be entitled to receive any such Pension, shall be desirous to receive the same from any Receiver General of the Land Tax in Great Britain, Colic dor of the Customs at any Port in Great

F a Britain

*1

Copies of Certificates of Regiftiy shall be transmitted to Board of Customs im London.

Court of Assistants of the Charity for the Relief of Widows of Officers of the Navy, may direct the Pensions to be paid such Widows at the Places of their Residence, &c. Court of Assistants may make such Regulations as to the Payment of such Pensions as they think proper, &c.

Widows may apply to have their Pensions paid by the Receiver General of the Land Tax*

68

or the Collector of the Customs, or Excise, &c.

Court of Assistants may order the Pay-m&fter to make out Two Duplicate Remittance Bills, payable to such widows by the Receiver General, &. c.

Form of Bill*.

One Duplicate frail be sent to the Widow and the other to the Receiver-0 cue-ral, See. who frail, on the Widow's pro- sUicing the

C. 35. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Britain or Ireland, Collector of the Excite for any Collection in Great Britain or Ireland, or Clerk of the Checque at any Dock Yard in Great Britain near to the Place of her Residence, it shall be in the Power of such Widow so entitled to apply before the Time of issuing such Pensions by Letter to the Secretary to the Court of Affiltanu at the Admiralty Office, to have such Pension paid by such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque; and shall, at the same Time, transmit such Vouchers and Documents as shall be required by the said Court of Assistants.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Assistants on being satisfifd of the Justice of the said Claims, shall order and direct the said Paymaster to make out, or cause to be made out, Tws Remittance Bills for the Pension due to such Widow, which said Bills shall be Duplicates of each other, and shall be joined together by oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, and shall be made payable to such Widow by the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, to whom the said Remittance Bills shall be addressed; and such Remittance Bills, being numbered and dated, shall be signed by the said Paymaster, who shall cause such Remittance Bills to be prepared, and Accounts thereof to be kept; and such Remittance Bills, being written or printed, shall be according to the Tenor and Form following, or to the like Effed

4 No. I. Day of

4 Sir,

4 pAY to A.B. of on her producing and

delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of

being for the Pension payable to the said A.B. as a Widow of 4 [ax the Case may on the

Day of last, if the same be demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date hereof; otherwise you are to return

this Bill to the Paymaster of Pensions to Sea Officers' Widows at

his Office.

C. Z). Paymaster. 4 To the Receiver General of the Laod Tax for the County of To the Collector of the Customs at the Port of To the Collector of Excise at To the Clerk of the Checque at

By virtue of the AH 49° GEO. III.

4 N.B. The forging of this Remittance Bill, or procuring any other Person to forge the same, in order to receive any Part of the Monies hereby payable, is made Felony by the Ad 49 Geo. ILL*

And so soon as the said Bills are made out and signed, the Paymaster, or Person to be appointed by the said Paymaster, shall cut or cause them to be cut asunder, through the oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices; and shall cause one Duplicate to be transmitted to the Widow named therein, to whom the Money shall be made payable, and the other Duplicate to be transmitted to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Colicdor of the Customs, Coiiedor of the Excue, or

A.D. 1809: 49° GEO. III. C. 35. 6f,

Clerk of the Cheeque, to whom the same shall be addressed; and if Duplicate, pay the Duplicate of such Bill shall be produced by the Widow, to whom ber the J*um the same shall be made payable, to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheeque, 'to whom the same shall be addressed, within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, he shall carefully examine the same with the Duplicate transmitted to him as aforesaid, and being satisfied of the Authenticity thereof, and of the Identity of the Widow producing the same to him*, he shall immediately pay the Sum mentioned J

therein to such Widow, without Fee, or Reward, or Deduction, on any Pretence whatever, taking a Receipt for such Payment on the Back of the Bill 5 which Bill, and the Duplicate thereof, being transmitted by the Person who shall pay the same to the said Paymaster, shall be immediately repaid to him by such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheeque, or his Order 5 but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be so produced, and Payment thereof demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheeque, shall return the Duplicate thereof in his Hands to the said Paymaster at his Office in London, who shall cause the same to be cancelled; and thereupon the Sum contained in such Bill shall become payable to the Widow in whose Favour it was drawn, or to her lawful Representatives, in case of her Death, in the same Manner as if such Bill had never been issued.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Re- Receilver-ceiver-General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector General, &c. of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheeque, to whom the Duplicate of ^Du^icate11 " any such Bill shall be tendered for Payment, shall not have in his Hands^Dateofit* Publick Monies sufficient to answer the same, and shall for that Reason being tendered, refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver General in case he has of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, j^Publick or Clerk of the Cheeque, shall immediately indorse on the said Dupli- HandTtopaythe cate the Date of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his mu^Refusal or Delay to pay the same $ and shall appoint therein for the appoint a Day of Payment of the same some future Day, within the Space of One Payment within Month at the farthest from its being so first tendered to him as afore- a Month* said; and such Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, shall be immediately delivered back to the Person presenting the same; and Penalty on if upon Complaint made to the respective Commissioners appointed, Persons delaying or to be appointed, to manage the said several Duties of Land Tax, Pa£m.<jnt ^ne* Customs, or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy if the Person* C* complained of be a Clerk of the Cheeque, it shall appear that such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, CoU lector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheeque, hath unnecessarily or wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of such Bill, or directly or indirectly, by himself or any Person under him, received or taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount, or Deduction whatsoever, on account of the Payment of the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to convict and fine the Person under their Direction so offending, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in fych and the (me Mann$r, to all Intents and Purposesj as any Penalty or Fine may

On Certificate of Infirmity being

General, Sic. authorised to pay the Content* of the Bill to the Older of the Widow,

Alignments of Pension to be void.

Letters and Packets lent by the Paymaitef to be-free of Pottage.

PnnUhment for

personating Widows entitled

to Pensions, Fourteen Years Tnnfporution.

C. 35. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

be levied and recovered for any Offence against the Laws of Custom9 or Excise 5 and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if such Widow to whom the Remittance Bill shall be made payable, shall be prevented and disabled by bodily Infirmity from appearing in Person before the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Colltdor of the Customs, Collrdor of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, and such bodily Infirmity being properly and satisfactorily certified by the Minister, and a Churchwarden or Elder of the Parish where such Widow shall reside, or by the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary attending her, then and in such Case the Sum contained in such Bill, shall be paid to the Order in Writing of such Widow, upon producing and giving up to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, such Certificate of bodily Infirmity as aforesaid, together with a Duplicate of the said Bill, and a proper Receipt on the Back of the same, signed by the Widow in whose Favour the Bill shall have been drawn payable, and witnessed by the Person who shall receive the Money.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Assignments, Bargains, Sales, Orders, Contracts, Agreements, or Securities whatsoever which shall be given or made by any Widow entitled to any such Pension, shall be absolutely null and void, to all InteHts and Purpose*.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all Letters and Packets sent by the said Pay matter shall, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, be sent free from the Duty of Pottage; and all Letters and Packets relating to the Execution of this Act, that shall be forwarded by such Paymaster, shall be under Covers with the Words " Pursuant to Act of Parliament Forty-ninth Geo. III." printed upon the same; and the said Paymaster shall write his name under the Words so printed; and he is hereby strictly prohibited and discharged from inclosing or fending under such Covers any Writing, Paper, or Parcel whatever, excepting such as relate to the Execution of this Act; and if he shall fend or convey under the Covers aforesaid any Writing, Paper, or Pareel, other than those relating to the Execution of this Act, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty or Fine levied or recovered, for any Offence against any Law by which any Duty of Customs or Excise is imposed or laid; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, if any Person shall wilfully and knowingly personate, or falsely assume the Name or Character of, or procure any other Person to personate or falsely to assume the Name or Character of any Widow entitled, or fopposed to be entitled to any such Pension aforesaid, in order to re-

ccive the same, or any Part thereof, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and may be transported for such Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the Court shall adjudge.

- x.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 35, 36.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully a d or affilt in forging or counterfeiting, the Name or Hand-writing of any Widow entitled to any such Pension, or if any Person or Persons required by any Rules or Regulations made under and by virtue of this Act to sign any Remittance Bill, Certificate, Voucher, or Receipt, in relation to the Payment of any such Pension, for and in order to the receiving Or obtaining any Money on any such Pension, or shall utter as true any false, forged, or counterfeited Remittance Bill, Certificate, Voucher, or Receipt, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever, every such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and may be transported for such Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the said Court shall adjudge.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders, Certificates, Vouchers, Remittance Bills, and Receipts, for or relating to any such Pensions, shall be free from all Duties of Stamps, and be good, valid, and effectual, although the same shall not have been stamped j any Thing in any Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, for erecting and establishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act for erecting and establishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals in thh Kingdomreciting that the Sums by the said Act of the Parliament ot Ireland empowered to be raised had proved inefficient, it was enacted, That it should be lawful for the Grand Jury in each and every County in Ireland to present to be raised on the County at large, a Sum not exceeding* 4 Five hundred Pounds in the Year, over and above and exclusive of1 4 the Sum which they were empowered to present by the said recited 4 Ad, to be paid and applied to the Support and Maintenance of the County Infirmary or Hospital in such Counties: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth*Year aforesaid, extends to Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns*in Ireland, for the erecting and establishing of Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals, wherein special Provision has been made by any Act or Acts in force ift Ireland: For the obviating of such Doubts, be it enacted by the Jung's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That from and after t^he passing of this Act the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year and the several Provisiona therein contained, relating to presenting a>nd fifing any Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in all Counties in Ireland\ shall extend and be construed to extend to all Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns In

71

PanKhioent for forging Bilk or Certificates, &c. Fourteen Year*. Transportation.

Bills and Certificate*, exempted from Stamp Duties.

4s6.8e.ni. amending Irish Ad 5 <sr.3. c. 20

Provision* of recited Act relating to raising any Sum not exceeding 5001. iu Counties, extended to Counties of Cities sad Towas.

yi

When there are Two or more Infirmaries in any such County of a City, &c. the Money raifrd shall he equally divided.

C. 36 — 39; 49° GEO. III./ A.D. 1809.

Ireland^ for the eresting, establishing, supporting, and maintaining of any Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals, wherein any special Provisiona have been made by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland; and a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds shall be accordingly presented and raised in such Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, under the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year and this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever it shall happen that in any such County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland) the-e shall be Two or more Infirmaries or Hospitals entitled to the Benefits of the said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland for erecting and establishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals, all and every such Sum of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, as shall be so presented and raised under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year and this Act, shall be equally divided between and applied among such several Infirmaries or Hospitals in such County of a City or County of a Town, and shall be paid over by the Treasurer of such County of a City or County of a Town to the several and respective Treasurers of the said respective Infirmaries or Hospitals, in equal Shares and Propositions*

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[28th April 1809.]

if The Rates are the same as in 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 35. — Continuance " of Act from 24 March 1808 to 25 March 1809.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[28th April 1809.]

*c 33 G. 3. c. 74. (last continued by 48 G. 3. c. 2j.) further continued to 2$ July i8u.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ship, and Stores, at Portsmouth; and for extending the Lines and Worlds at Dover; in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty.

[28th April 1809.]

i Recital of 46 G. 3. c. 105. whereby Premises were veiled in Trusteea for the Use of the Ordnance Office. 11, 525l. 15*. awarded as the Value of the Premises. The said Sum shall be paid out of the Supplies " for 1809. §1. Surveyor-General of the Ordnance shall make out 4( Bills to the Persons entitled to the Money awarded as the Valine of 4i Premises, &c. and Debentures shall be prepared thereupon. §2.

Debenture#

AJ>. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 39, 40. 55.

" Debentures shall be paid to the Persons entitled thereto. §3. When " Money is awarded to be paid to Trustees, the Debentures shall be paid to the Deputy Remembrancer. §4. Who shall pay it into 4t the Bank. §5. Court of Exchequer shall have a Controui over " the Application of such Money. §6. Powers of the Deputy of the King's Remembrancer shall devolve on his Successor. §7. In 44 case of Refusal to accept Debentures, the Clerk of the Ordnance shall deposit the same with the Clerk of the Peace, and the Premises shall thereupon be veiled to the Use of His Majesty. §8. Limita- tion of Actions, Six Months. General Issue. Treble Costs. §9.

CAP. XL.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Restrictions for the Defence of the Realm.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to establish a per- 48 G. 3. c. ill. 4 manent Local Militia Force, under certain ReJlriSions for the Defence of the Realm: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be amended and rendered more effectual, and that further Provision should be made for carrying into Execution the Purposes thereof;

may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every Case in which His Majesty shall by any Warrant Deficiencies and under His Royal Sign Manual have ordered and directed, or shall here- y^ncJf*, inay1 after order or direct, that the Local Militia of any County shall be Applied byt0*ballotted or enrolled under the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for Order of Sccre-His Majesty at any Time thereafter, by any Order of his Principal tary of State Secretary of State, to direct the supplying any Deficiencies or filling without His up of any Vacancies, or the balloting or enrolling Men in such County from Time to Time, without any further or other Warrant or Order arran of His Majesty for that Purpose, and notwithstanding any Suspension of Ballot for the regular Militia.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Volunteers al-lawful at any Time before the Local Militia of any County shall be J^ther T^ completed to the full Amount of Six Times the Quota of the original ^derbe^iven Militia, and also at any Time thereafter when any Vacancies shall arise for supplying in such Local Militia, whether any such Order or Direction shall by Deficiencies or Warrant or otherwise have been made or given for the supplying the nof» until D>cal Deficiencies or Vacancies in such Local Militia or not, for any Persons

(as well Members of Volunteer Corps as others,) voluntarily to enrol eomPeU themselves in the Local Militia of such County, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act, until the full Number of Men required by virtue of the said recited Act in such County shall be completed.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Vacancies shall Members of any Volunteer Corps shall have transferred themselves hp filled up not-into the Local Militia of any County, or any Persons shall have Number^f8^voluntarily enrolled themselves in such Local Militia, all Vacancies or MUiti*

Deficiencies

74'

and Volnnteert exceed Six Times the Quota of the Regular Militia,

Bat such Deficiencies shall not be supplied till the Number is reduced below the Proposition.

Local Militia Men may eoJift into the Regular Militia [of their ozvn Counties 49 <2.3. c. 129.] except during annual Training.

Penalty on Officer, &c. enlisting a Local Militia Man during such Period of Training 20l.

How Vacancies by Promotion of Corporals, and Serjeants and efdiiling shall be filled up.

C. 40. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Deficiencies thereafter arising in the full Number of Person who shall have been so enrolled in such Local Militia, by any such Persons eplifting or entering into His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or engaging as Substitutes, or eniitling as Volunteers in the Regular Militia, or by Discharge, Absence, Desertion, Death, or Expiration of Service, or Promotion of Private Men to be Serjeants and Corporals, or other* ife, shall be filled up without aoy Order or Direction of His Majesty, or His Principal Secretary of State for that Purpose, and notwithstanding any Suspension of Ballot for the Regular Militia, and notwithstanding the whole Number of such Local Militia shall, together with the Volunteers serving in and for the County, Division, or Parish, in which such Deficiencies may exist, or Vacancies shall have arisen or may arise, be more than equal to Six Times the Amount of the Quota of Regular Militia of such County 5 any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Deficiencies or Vacancies in any County in which the Number of Persons who have transferred themselves into the Local Militia, shall, be more than equal to Six Times such Quota as aforesaid, shall be supplied or required to be supplied until the Number of such Local Militia shall be reduced below the Proposition of Men required for, such County.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person ballotted or enrolled to serve or serving in the Local Militia to enliffc or enter into the Regular Militia under any Act of this Session of Parliament for completing the Militia, at any Time except during such Portion of the Period of being assembled for the Purpose of annual Training and Exercise, as His Majesty shall by any Order made in that Behalf prescribe, and the Enlisting or Entry of every such Man shall be immediately certified by the Officer with whom such Man shall have enlisted or entered, to the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Local Militia from which such Man shall have enlisted or entered; and all Vacancies arising by any such enlisting or entering as aforesaid, shall be supplied in such Manner as any other Vacancies in the Local Militia.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, or Corporal, or Private Man of any of His Majesty's Forces or Marines, or of the Regular Militia, or Overseer, or Churchwarden of any Parish, or any other Person shall enlist or per. fuade to enlist any Man serving in any Regiment of the Local Militia during any such Part of the Period of such Regiment being assembled for Training or Exercise, as shall be prescribed by His Majesty as the Period of Assembly, during which Persons serving in the Local Militia shall not enlist; on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as the like Penalty for enlisting a Militia Man may be recovered under any Ad relating to the Militia.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Deficiencies and Vacancies which shall have arisen in the Local Militia, or which shall hereafter arise by reason of any Private Men being made Corporals or Serjeants, or by reason of any enlisting into the Regular Militia under any Act of this Session of Parliament, shall be filled up and supplied according to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act and the several Ad$. relating to the Militia, as far as the same are applicable.

VIII,

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 40. jfg"

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy-Lieut»-DeputyLieuteaants of any County, in any Case in which it shall nants may make appear to them to be necessary or proper, by reason of any Quotas of new Apportton-Local Militia of any Divisions of any County, or of any Parishes of any ft^ the Retumi Division, which shall have been fixed according to the original Quotas made it be found of the Regular Militia under the said Act of the Forty-second Year the Quotasare aforesaid, being found by any Returns now made or which may here- not in proposition after be made, not to be in proposition to the relative Numbers of to the relative^Men liable to serve in the Local Militia in such respective Hundreds

or Parities, to make any new Apportionment and ascertain and settle

any Quotas of Local Militia as to any Divisions of any County, or as to any Parishes in any Division, either by any Alteration of the Propositions of any such Quotas of the Regular Militia under the Provision9 of the said Act of the Forty-fecor.d Year aforesaid. or by any new Apportionment as to such Divisions, or as to the Parishes in any Division according to the relative Numbers of Men liable to serve in the Local Militia: Provided always, that all Quotas of Local Militia which shall have been settled and ascertained for any Divisions, or for any Parishes of any Division, shall remain and be deemed to be the proper Quotas of such Divisions and Parishes respectively, unless and until the Deputy Lieutenants shall deem it necessary to alter and shall have altered the same, and settled any new Quotas under the said Act of the said Forty-second Year aforesaid and this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lieutenancy lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants at any General shall fix by Ballot Meeting, and they are hereby required to ascertain and fix by Ballot the Order in the Order in which the respective Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes in their respective Counties shall stand as to the supplying any Deli- supply De* ciencies or Vacancies that may exist or arise therein by reason of the fluencies by v Appointment of any Persons serving in the Local Militia of any such Promotion* of County to be Serjeants or Corporals, and shall, immediately after the Serjeanto, &c. same shall be so ascertained and fixed, cause such Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes respectively, to be entered in such Order, in a List to be prepared for that Purpose; and such Vacancies shall be supplied by such Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes, in the Order in which they shall have been entered in such Lift as aforesaid, and not by the Parishes to which the Men so promoted shall have served.

X. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which the Deputy-Lieutc-Number of Men enrolled in any Division, Hundred, or Parish of any nantsihallregu-County, shall be more than the relative Proposition of such Division, late Inequalities Hundred, or Parish, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at m any General or Subdivision Meetings for any County where any such Inequality shall arise, to ascertain and fix by Ballot or otherwise, in

what Manner the Surplus of Numbers of Men so enrolled in any such Division, Hundred, or Parish, shall be applied and apportioned among the other Divisions, Hundreds, or Parffhes of such County, and how and in what Propositions, and in what Order any future JDeficiencies and Vacancies are to be filled up and supplied by such other D'visions, Hundreds, or Parishes as aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and 48 G. 3. c. ill* after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, §26. as to

so much of the said recited Act as enacts that any Person who shall °'J.ntiest voluntarily enrol himself to serve in the Local Militia under the said tadl^nrolUng recited Act (except Members of Volunteer Corps transferring the m- themselves

selves) repealed; (except

T*

a* to Members of

Ydwnteer

Cwp»).

Rdffics ww

acree togfoe TW Guinea* JBvwrcy.

Bounty palcT to Tcrfbns enrolling in Loe al Militia Aailbe deduced, and repaid, if Ary eidiil into Ae Lim within attain Periods.

49G, 3. c. Til §51, 52, as to Brpeymem of IVmntie* out of Coonfy Rate* jrpcaled.

Bo Bounties to Members of Volunteer Corps savlefo forcing fceioie this Act.

Volunteer* transferred to Loi-al Militia, not liable to force in Regular Militia.

Officers commanding Volunteers transferred into the Local MHitia shall retain their Command, &: c.

C. 40* 49° GEO. III. AJXi 809;

selves) shall be entitled to receive the Sum of Two Guinea*, to be paid upon his Enrolment, over and above any Sum to which he may be entitled for Necessaries, shall be and the same is hereby repealed: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any Patish, with the Consent of the Inhabitants taken at a Vestry, or any other Meeting to be called and holden for that Purpose of which Five Days Publick Notice shall be given, to agree to give a Bounty to any Persons voluntarily enrolling themselves in the Local Militia for such Parish; provided that such Bounty or Sum of Money shall in no Case exceed the Sum of Two Guineas for each Person, to be paid upon Enrolment, exclusive of Necessaries; and such Sum for Bounties may and shall be raiftd, and levied and collected in such Manner, and under such and the like Rules, Regulations, and Penalties, as any Sums allowed to be given to Volunteers for the Militia under an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Whole of iht Bounty which shall have been paid to any Person enrolled in the Local Militia, whether the same shall have been paid by His Majesty, or by any Parish under the Provisions of the said Act or this Act, shall, if such Person shall thereafter at any Period within One Year enlist into the Army, Navy, or Marines, be deduded from the Bounty payable to such Person upon so enlisting; and if such Pe son shall enlist at any Time after the Expiration of One Year and before the Expiration of Two Years, then One Half of such Bounty shall be deduded as aforesaid, and the Amount so deduded shall be accounted for, and be repaid to the Persons by whom, or to the Account from which the Bounty so deduded and repaid, shall have been advanced.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enads or requires that any Sums of Money advanced or paid for the Bounties of Two Guineas allowed by the said recited Act* to Persons voluntarily enrolling themselves in the Local Militia, or transferring themselves from Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia, shall be paid or repaid out of any County Rate, or assessed upon any Parishes in any County, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that no Person transferring himself from any Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be entitled to any Bounty upon being enrolled in the Local Militia, unlefa he shall have been a Member of a Volunteer Corps before the passing of this Act, and shall have continued a Member of a Volunteer Corps up to the Period of his transferring himself as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall transfer himself as a Member of a Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia, and shall be thereupon enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be liable to be called upon to be enrolled or serve in the Regular Militia by reason of his having been ballotted and entered for the Regular Militia, during the Period of his having been a Member of a Volunteer Corps; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant of any County, or for any Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, or Corps of Volunteers who shall transfer himself into the Local

Militia

A.B.iSdpi 49° GEO. III. C. 4k

Militia with his Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, or Corps, or with Part thereof, under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, to retain such Command, and to continue to act at Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps* or Regiments, Battalions or Corps, so transferred and become Local Militia, and together with any Regiment of Regular Militia, if he shall have commanded any Regiment of Regular Militia at the Time of such Transfer as aforesaid; any Thing in any Act or, Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Officers of Local Lletrteiw*-Militia holding the Rank of Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant, shall take Rank of and command all other Lieutenant-Colonels serving in

the said Local Militia, notwithstanding the Commissions of the said teuaat-CdoiKlfc.

Lieutenant-Colonels should be of a prior Date to the Commissions

of such Lieutenant*Colonels Commandant.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Officers of Yeomanry Rank of OBboet*

Corps shall rank with the Officers of the Local Militia according to of Yeomanry the Dates of their respective Commissions* Cwp*,

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Officer and of Office* of Local Militia, who shall have held any Commission in any Volunteer L>calMilkm Corps at the Time of his becoming an Officer of the Local Militia, holdiagCora-shall be entitled to rank with the Officers of Yeomanry Corp % according to the Date of his Commission of the same Rank in the Volunteers.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Vice-LieKtca* Vice-Lieutenant, who shall be authorised by the Lieutenant for that maygr*ntXjmr Purpose, to grant Commissions to Officers to serve in the Local Militia, n^&oua.

in such and the like Manner as the Lieutenant giving such Authority may grant such Commissions.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Commission granted No Stamp D*y before the passing of this Act, or which shall be granted after the p* Comaoilfiaa* passing of this Act, to any Officer in the Local Militia, shall be subject

to any Stamp Duty.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts, and Bills for Paj« Orders, drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Local Militia, or of Money-x» any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, and atfo all Bills, Drafts, and

Orders, by which any Sums of Money or Fines are remitted to the g^.a^ybe Bank of England, or the Paymaster-General, or any Perioti or Persons drawn <jn unauthorized by the Secretary at War to receive Money on account of stampsd Taya, the Local Militia or Yeomanry or Volunteer Co^ps, may and shall be drawn upon undamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft, or Order,

shall be void by reason of not bting so drawn or written on stamped Paper, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Where Towns i* Majesty, by any Order notified by His Secretary of State, upon the the Ccmntryd© Application of the Lieutenant of any County in which the principal r

Town or Towns of such County shall Rot afford sufficient Accom- quTr^ingTo^ modation for the quartering of the Local Militia of the County, during Militia, they mi* the training and exercising of such Local Militia, or in any Case in be marched imm which it may be more convenient with respect to the Residence of the Persons enrolled in such Local Militia, and to the Distance which bounty, such Persons may have to march for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, to authorize and allow, and to order the Local Militia of

C. 40.

'49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Adjutants and

Non-comraif-Coned Officers of Local, mar train Regular, Militia Men until inarched to their Regiment.

(See 49 G. 3.

c. 8a. .§2.]

Colonels may appoint Quarter Matters for Regiments of Local Militia.

Qualification for Officers [of Local Militia] may be in any Part of Great Britain.

[See 49 G> 3*

X. 82. $ 3.]

Local Militia Officers not exempt from being Sheriffs.

Serjeantt, Sec. not allowed to enlist in

Regulars without Consent of Commanding Officer.

Men ffi&ll not

change their Regiments on removing from one Part of a County to another.

such County, or any Regiments or Regiment thereof, to be marched into any adjoining County for the Purpose of training and exercising; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, and also for the Non-commissioned Officers of the Local Militia, being on permanent Pay as such, to receive and command, and train and exercise any Men enrolled for the Regular Militia of their respective Counties at any Time after their Enrolment, and for any Period, until they can conveniently be marched and shall be ordered to inarch to their respective Regiments; and all such Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, and Non-commissioned Officers, shall for such Purpose have the like Command over such Men as any Officer of the Regular Militia of the County to which they beloog, and shall for that Purpose, and as to all the Provisions of any Act for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, be deemed and construed to be Officers for the Time being of such Regular Militia having the Command of such Men.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment of Militia to appoint any fit and proper Person, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to be Quarter-Mailer of his Regiment of Local Militia, although such Person shall not have served in His Majesty's other Foroes, or in the embodied Militia, as required by the Provisions of the said Act passed in the Forty-second Year aforesaid, and such Person maybe appointed to serve with such Rank as is in the said Act mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Ellate of the Value, or to the Amount, or of the Description specified in the several Acts relating to the Militia as a Qualification for any Officer in the Militia, situate, lying, or being in any Part of Great Britain, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and be deemed and construed to be a good and valid Qualification, although the same shall not be situate in the County to which the Officer having such Ellate shall belong; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to claim any Exemption, or to be exempt from serving the Office of Sheriff, by reason of holding any Commission in the Local Militia; any Thing in any Ad relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, of any Regiment of Local Militia, on permanent Pay as such, or as a Musician in the Band of the Regiment of Local Militia to which he shall belong, shall be entitled to his Discharge, or be allowed to enlist; into the Army, Navy, or Marines, or Regular Militia, or to engage himself as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia at any Time, whether the Regiment to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer or Musician shall belong, shall be assembled for the Purpose of annual Training and Exercise or not, unless with the Consent in Writing of the Commanding Officer of his Regiment given for that Purpose.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be enrolled in any Regiment of Local Militia shall be removed or transferred from the Regiment in which he shall have been placed upon his Enrolment, by reason of his removing from any one Division or P?rt

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III., <5.40, 41. i

of his County to any other Division or Part of his County, but any such Person shall, notwithstanding such Removal, be obliged to join his Regiment wherever the same shall be assembled or called out under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act 5 any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Men shall not be lawful for any Person enrolled to serve as a Local Militia Man to remove while the remove from one County to another County, or from one Division I^gimentig

to another Division of the same County, during the Time that the a €mbled* Regiment to which he belongs shall be assembled, without having.first obtained the Consent of his Commanding Officer expressed in Writ; ng.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioned or Non- Local Militia enmmissioned Officer or Private Man in the Local Militia, shall be shall not U subject to any of the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament fabje&to which shall be in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, ^nless when*and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or any receiving Pay, cc Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, except during such Time embodied.

as he shall be receiving the Pay of his Rank in the Local Militia, or shall be called out or assembled or embodied under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Pro- This Act and visions of this Act shall, in Execution of the said lecited Ad, be recited Act shall used and applied and construed in like Manner as if the same Provisions ^ft6^ were specially enacted in the said Act, and all and every the Provisions onc

of the said Act shall, in the Execution of this Act, except where the same are thereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like Manner as if the same Provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this Act.

Act maybe altered this Session. §33.

[See 49 G. 3. c. 82. §129.]

CAP. XLI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, to provide that British Ships captured by the Enemy, becoming the Property of British Subjects, shall not be entitled to the Privilege of British Ships.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide that 43 G. 3. c. 70J 4 British Ships which shall he captured by the Enemy, and shall afterwards become the Property of British Subjects, shall not be entitled to the Privilege 4 <J British Ships, it is enacted, that no British-built Ship or Vessel which has been captured by the Enemy, and which shall not have been

registered<&»0V0 before the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, nor any British-built Ship or Vessel which shall thereafter be captured by the Enemy, shall be registered as a British-J built Ship or Vessel 5 but every such Ship or Vessel, although owned ' by a British Subject or Subjects, shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes as a Foreign built Ship or Vessel: And whereas it may be an Encouragement to the Recapture of such Ships and

Vessels, if such recaptured Ships and Vessels were admitted to the ? Privilege of British*built Ships and Vessels as before their Capture

8 by

J*

British-built Vessels, if recaptured may be registered, and Lave the Privilege «fi3riiiih Ships.

Scotch Act 16S: >, cap. 38.

Clerks of Burgh Courts shall not record Probative Writ*, or Deeds, in virtue of Clauses of Registration: except that Clerks of Royal Burghs may record Protests on Bills; and Instruments of Seisin of Tenements within Burghs j

0.41, 42; 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

of the Enemy f Be it therefore enacted by the Kind's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every British-built Ship or Vessel recaptured from the Enemy by any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or by any Ship or Vessel having Letters of Marque and Reprizal, or by any Ship or Vessel of War belonging* to any State in Alliance with His Majesty, may be registered, and shall be deemed and taken to have the Privileges of a British-built Ship or Vessel, in the same Mauner as if it had not been captured by the Enemy; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for better regulating the Publick Records of Scotland.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS Irregularities and Inconveniencies have arisen or may arise from the unnecessary Multiplicity of Registers in Scotland in which Deeds and other Writings may be competently recorded, either for Execution or for Preservation: And whereas the Laws heretofore devised for regulating the Formation and Custody of the Public Records, and more especially of those in the Local Registries throughout Scotland, have not been found effectual; and it is of high Importance that the Whole of the Public Records within that Part of the United Kingdom should be placed under one general and effectual Plan of Management and Controul: And whereas by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed on the Thirteenth Day of June in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-five, intituled. Ad concerning the Registration of Writs in the Boohs of Session, it is, inter alia, itatuted and oretained, 44 That no Clerk of inferior Court for the future presume to registrate any Writs in his Books, either for Conservation, or where Execution is to pass against any Party that dwells without the Jurisdiction, under the Pain of Deprivation, and of Five hundred Merks of Penalty, the one Half to His Majesty, and the other Half to the Party Purfucr, > 4 which Provisions of the aforesaid Act it has become necessary to renew, modify, and enlarge; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of this Act, but with and under the Exceptions and Reservations herein after-mentioned, it shall not be lawful for the Clerks of Royal Burghs, or of Burghs of Regality or Barony within Scotland, to receive any Deeds or other Writings for the Purpose of being recorded by them in the Books or Registers of their respective Courts, either in virtue of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland passed on the Thirtieth Day of August in the Year v)ne thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, intituled, AS concerning Registration of Probative Writs, or in virtue of any Clause contained in such Deeds and Writings, consenting that the sache should be recorded either for Preservation thereof, or for Execution: Provided always, that this Act shall not extend to or affect the Ivigftt

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 43. 81

of the Clerks of Royal Burghs to receive Instruments of Protest on "d Deeds Bills of Exchange, Inland Bills and Promissory Notes, and to record xc!jI"'

the same: Provided also, that this Act shall not extend to or affect Tenements* the Right of the Clerks of Royal Burghs to record in their Books or any Deeds Instruments of Seisin and other Writs relative to heritable Property where all the holding in Burgage and situated within their respective Burghs or Li- Parties are berties thereof in virtue*of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed ?ur?e!^Jor on the Sixth Day of September in the Year One thousand six hundred and ciphty-one, intituled, A3 concerning the Regijlration of Sei/ins and Reversions of Tenements within Burgh: Provided also, that this Act shall not extend to or ajfcft the Right of the Clerks of Royal Burghs to receive and record Dispositions, Tacks, and other Deeds, relating exclusively to the Property or Possession of Subject3 holding in Burgage and situated within such Burghs or Liberties thereof respectively, or any Deeds or Instruments where all the Parties to the same shall be Burgt-ffes or have a legal Domicil within such Burghs, at the Time that such Deeds or Instruments shall be presented for '

Registration.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration Clerks of Cow of Six Months after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the Clerks of the several Commissary Courts within Scotland, to receive probative Writ* any Deed or other Writing for the Purpose of being recorded by them or Deeds, in in the Books or Registers of their respective Courts, either in virtue of virtue of Clause* the above-mentioned Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed on the ef Registration, Thirtieth Day of August in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, or in virtue of any Clause contained in such Deeds or Writings consenting that the same should be recorded either for Preservation ther.of or for Execution, or in virtue of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed on the Sixteenth Day of September in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty one, intituled, A3 concerning Bills of Exchange, or of any Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain authorising the Registration of Bills and Promissory Notes for the Purpose of summary Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That, if after the Date aforesaid, Penalties on any of the Clerks of Royal Burghs, or Burghs of Regality or Barony, or any of the Clerks of the Commissary Courts within 0 Scotland, shall receive any of the above-mentioned Deeds or Writings,

for the Purposes of recording the same in their respective Books or Registers, or shall transcribe the same into their Books, or shall give forth Copies thereof, bearing to be Extracts from their respective Books or Registers, excepting as above excepted, the aforesaid Books,

Copies, and Extracts, shall not make Faith or be of any Avail or Authority whatever; and the aforesaid Clerks or others so offending shall be liable in a Penalty of Five Pounds for each Offence, which may be sued for and shall be recoverable to his own Use, together with the Expeaces of Process, by the Sheriff Clerk or Stewart Clerk of the Shire or Stewartry within which such Offence shall have been committed, on a summary Complaint to the Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute of such Shire or Stewartry; and in default of such Prosecution at the Instance of the Sheriff Clerk or Stewart Clerk, v^this Twelve Months from the Date of the Commission of such Offence, then such Penalty shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with the Expences of Process, by the Lord Clerk Register on a summary Complaint presented within Three Years after the Date of'49° GEO. III. G fuel*

CleA of the

Commissary Court of Edim-bur^h shall deliver his Remitters of Deeds, and the Warrants to the Ixml Clerk Register.

Clerks of inferior Commissary Courts shall deliver their Registers of Deeds, and the Warrants to Sheriff Clerks.

Clerks of Burgh* of Regality and Barony, ffxa.ll deliver their Registers of Deeds, and the Warrants, if any, to Sheriff Clerk*.

C. 4*. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

such Offence, to the Lords of Council and Session, such Penalty in the latter Case being solely applicable by the Lord Clerk Register, to the Purposes of the Establishment of His Majesty's General Remitter House.

IV. And be it further enacted, That on or before the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of this Act, the Clerk of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh (bail deliver to the Lord Clerk Register, or his Deputy Keepers of Records, all the Books or R-gifLrs of Deeds or of Probative Writings kept by them and their Predecessors in Office, and which shall be in their Custody, together with the Minute Bnoks and Warrants of the said Registers or Books of Record, and with an Inventory of the whole, to the Accuracy and Comp'cteRefs of which the said Clerks shall make Oath before the Lords of Council and Session; and th^t the Lord Clerk Register or his Deputy Keepers of Records shall receive the aforesaid Books, RegilLrs. i nd Warrants to be deposited with the other Publick Records of Scotland, and shall mike and subscribe a full Duplicate of the aforesaid Inventory, to be delivered to and deposited by the said Clerk with the other Records of the Commissary Court remaining under his Custody and Care.

V. And be it further enacted, That on or befo.e the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of this Act, the Clerks of the several inferior Commissary Courts shall deliver to the Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks of the Shires or Stewartries within wlr'ch such Commissary Courts are respectively situated, all the Books or Registers of Deeds or of Probative Writings, if any, which have been kept by them and their Predecessors in Office, and which shall be in their Custody, together with the Minute Books and Warrants of the same, and with an Inventory of the whole, to the Accuracy and Complete-ri^fs of which the said Clerks respectively shall make Oath in the Court of the Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute, and that the said Sheriff Clerks and Stewart Clerks shall receive the aforesaid Books, Registers, and Warrants respectively, to be deposited with the other Publick Records under their Custody and Care, and shall nuke and subscribe full Duplicates of the aforesaid Inventories to be de! verel to and deposited by the said Commissary Clerks with the other Publick Records remaining under their Custody and Care.

VI. And be it further enacted, That on or before the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of this Act, the Clerks of the several Burghs of Regality and Barony aforesaid, shall in like Manner deliver to the Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks of the Shires or Stewartries within which such Burghs are respectively situated, all the Books or Registers of Deeds or of Probative Writing?, if any, which have been kept by them and their Predecessors in Office, and which shall be in tht; r Custody, together with the Minute Books and Warranto of the same, and with an Inventory of the whole, to the Accuracy and Completeness of which the said Clerks respectively shall make Oath in the Court of the Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute; and that the said Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks shall receive the aforesaid Books, Regillers and Warrants respectively, to be deposited with the other Publick Records under their Custody and Care, and shall make and subscribe full Duplicates of such Inventories to be delivered to and deposited by the said Clerks of Burghs respectively with the other Publick Records under their Custody and Care.

VII. And, in order that the aforesaid Provisions of this A A

respecting the Delivery of the several Commissary or Burgh Record*

to the Lord Clerk Register and the several Sheriff Clerks and ' Stewart Clerks respectively, may be faithfully and punctually carried

into Execution Be it enacted, That it shall be competent for the L'irds of Council and Session, on a summary Complaint by the Lord Clerk Register, to infliA inch Penalties, not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Offence upon any Sheriff Clerk or Stewart Clerk, Burgh Clerk, or CommiflVy Clerk, wilfully refuling or neglecting to comply with the aforesaid Provisions of this A A, and to make such further Orders thereon as may appear to them to be necessary, such Penalties being in all Cases recoverable by the Lord Clerk Register, and solely applicable by him to the Purposes of the Establishment of His Majesty's General Register House.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of this Act* it shall not be lawful for the Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks of the several Shires and Stewartries to use any Bocks for the Registration of Deeds or other Writings, unless the same shall have been previously marked, at least on the first and last Leaves thereof, and issued to them by the Lord Clerk Register or his Deputies authorised to that Effect, for each of which Books there shall n.t be charged more than the prime Cost thereof, together with a Fee to the Deputy Keepers of Records not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling; and if any Sheriff Clerk or Stewart Clerk shall use any other Books or Registers than such as shall have been previously marked as aforesaid, and issued to him by the Lord Clerk Register or his Deputies, he shall be liable in a Penalty of Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be recoverable, together with the Expences of Process, by the Lord Clerk Register, on a summary Complaint at his In fiance to the Lords of Council and Session, (such Penalty being in ail Cases solely applicable by the Lord Clerk Register to the Purposes of the Establishment of His Majesty's General Register House,) and shall further be bound and obliged again to record the same Deeds and other Writings or Books duly marked and issued to him as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the Clerks of Royal Burghs to use any Books for the Registration of Instruments of Seisin of SuhjeAs holding in Burgage, or for the Deeds and other Instruments which they are hereby enabled to receive and to record, unless such Books shall have been previously marked and issued by the Lord Clerk Register, or his Deputies^ in the Manner above directed, and under the Penalty above provided, in the Case of Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriffs Depute and Stewarts Depute of the several Shires and Stewartries, or their Substitutes, shall at least once in every Year carefully examine into the Progrefa and State of all the different Records framed and kept by the itfpeAive Sheriff; Clerks and Stewart Clerks, and shall prepare exaA Reports in Writing, fettiAg forth the Result of their Examinations, and particularly specifying the State and Situation of the Buildings in which the Records of their refy>tfAive Shires and Stewartries are kept, and how far the Laws and Regulations relative to the several Records have been faithfully and punAualfy executed and obeyed $ and


Penalties on Officer* wilfully refuting or neglecting.

Sheriff Clerks ih&ll record Deeds and Probative Writs in Hooks marked and issued by Lord Clerk Register.

Penalties on Officers disobeying.

Clerks of Royal Burghs shall record Seitins, and Deeds in Books marked and issued by Lord Clerk Register.

Sheriffs Depute shall annually examine the State of Record Offices, and the Progrgfs and State of Records kept by Sheriff Clerks; and report thereon to the Court of Justiciary:

84

C. 42.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 18^5.

Coitrt of Justi-iaury shall direct Inquiries and make Orders tUereoD.

Magistrates of

Royal Burghs shall annually examine the Frog refs and State of Records; ami report there-©w to the Court of Judiciary.

Registers by Law traafmiflible periodically to the General Register House, shall be delivered within Six Months alter Completion. Penalties on Officers dk'obeyin^.

the Sheriffs Depute of the several Shires of Edinburgh, Haddington % and Linlithgow, or their Substitutea respectively, shall in the Month of November in every Year present such Reports, duly authenticated, to the Lords Comm, iffioners of Judiciary, at Edinburgh, and the Sheriffs Depute and Stewarts Depute of the other Shires and Stewartries, or their Substitutes respectively, shall present their said Reports, duly authenticated, to the Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, at the Circuit Courts that shall be holden within their respective Bounds, in the Autumn of every Year and the said Lords Commissioners of Judiciary are hereby empowered to make such Orders thereon, or direct such further Inquiries to be made as may appear to them to be nectfTary, and direct tl cir Clerks to enter the same in the Minutes of the Court, and thereafter to transmit the several Reports, with a certified Copy of the Orders that may have been made by them thereon, to the Lord Clerk Regider, at whose Indance it shall be competent to prefect to the Lords of Council and Session summary Complaints against any of the Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks, or their Deputies, on account of any Neglect or Malversation in the Business of the several Records committed to their Care, and for redrelfing and punishing the same according to Law.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Chief Magistrates of the said Royal Burghs respectively, shall at lead once in every Year carefully examine into the Progress and State of all the different Records framed and kept by the respective Clerks of such Royal Burghf, and shall prepare exsd Reports in Writing, in the Manner above directed, in the Case of Sheriff Clerks and Stewart Clerks; and such Chief Magistrates shall, in the Month of November in every Year, transmit such Reports to the Lords Commissioners of Judiciary at Edinburgh, who are hereby empowered to make Orders, and direct Inquiries in the Manner above provided, in the Case of Sheriff Clerks and Stewart Clcrjcs-as aforesaid; and the Clerks of Judiciary shall in like Manner transmit such Reports, with a certified Copy of such Orders, to the Lord Clerk Regider, at whose Indance summary Complaints may be made agaiud Clerks of Royal Burgh?, in the Manner above directed, in the Case of Sheriff Clerks and Stewart Clerks as aforesaid.

XII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Transmission of the

fucctflive Volumes or Books of the several Publick Records, from the Offices in which they are formed, to His Majesty's General Regifbr House, should be made with the lead possible Delay; Be it enacted, That within Six Months after the passing of this Act, the Keepers of the several P, ublick Records which are by Law trarfmiffible to His M*jedy*s General Regider House, shall deliver all the Volumes or Bjpks-of their respective Records that are already completed, together with the Minute Books and the Warrants thereof, to the Lord Clerk Regider or his Deputies; and that in all Time coming the reafter the fucctflive Books or Volumes of these Records fin 11 in ail Cases be de ivered to the Lord Clerk Regider or his Deputies within Three Months after the same have been severally completed and filled up; and if the Keepers of these Records shall refuse or neglect to make such regular Transmission of the successive Books of their respective Records, it* shall be competent for the Lord Clerk Regider to present a summary Application to the Lords of Council and Session, complaining of such Refusal and Neglect, by whom Warrants shall be granted for issuing Letters of Horning against such

*5

C. 42.

Keeper or Keepers, in order to enforce Obedience to this Act, and by whom such further Pains and Penalties may be inflict d by Fine, not exceeding Fifty Pounds on such Defaulters, a8 in the Circumstances of the Case shall seem just, to be applied by the Lord Clerk Register to the Purposes of the Establishment of His Majesty's General Register House.

XIII. And, for remedying the Inconveniences that have arisen or may arise from the unnecessary Multiplicity of Writings and Records now in Use, as the successive Warrants of Charters and Grants of

Lands and other heritable Property, which pass under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept and used in Scotland in place of the Great Seal thereof formerly used there Be it enacted,

That from and after the Expiration of Six Months after the passing HowWrits under

of this Act, in expecting such Charters and Grants under the aforesaid the Great Seal,

Seal, the Latin Precept under the Signet shall be so framed as to be be xPede«

+carried directly to Chancery without its containing any Order that a Precept under the Privy Seal shall be directed thereupon, and without such Precept under the Privy Seal being made out or recorded, and such Latin Precept under the Signet shall from thenceforth be received by the Director of His Majesty's Chancery in Scotland, and by the Keeper of the Great Seal, as the only legal and sufficient Warrants to them respectively for framing Grants in Terms of the same, and for appending thereto the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept and used in Scotland in place of the Great Seal thereof formerly used there.

XIV. And be it enacted, That so long as the Writer to His Compensation to Majesty's Privy Seal, and the Keeper of that Seal in Possession of the Officers of the their respective Offices of Writer and Keeper at the Date of the FrivySeal. passing of this Act, shall continue to hold the same respectively and

no longer, the aforesaid Precepts under His Majesty's Signet shall be produced to the said Writer and Keeper or their respective Deputies, by the Clerks to His Majesty's Signet, by whom the said Precepts respectively have been expede, and the same Fees heretofore due on the Writing and Sealing of Precepts under the Privy Seal, shall thereupon be paid to the said Keeper and Writer respectively and their Deputies, of which Payments to them respectively a short Attestation shall be written on the Back of the aforesaid Precepts under the Signet, and subscribed by the said Writer and Keeper or their Deputies 5 and if the Director of His Majesty's Chancery shall, during the Period aforesaid, receive as his Warrant for framing any Charter any such Precept under the Signet which does not bear the due Attestations as aforesaid, he shall be liable in Penalties equal in Amount to the Fees of which the said Writer or Keeper respectively have been deprived; the aforesaid Penalty, together with the Expences of Process, being recoverable by the said Writer or Keeper on summary Complaints at their Instance to the Lords of Council and Session.

XV. And Whereas it is of great Importance that the Record of Writs passing under the Great Seal, and which is kept by the

4 Director of Chancery, should be in all Respects complete, authentic,

and authoritative $ and that an Act of Sederunt touching that Record was passed by the Lords of Council and Session on the Eleventh Day of February One thousand eight hundred and eight, to which it is expedient to give the Force and Effect of a Publick Law; Be it enacted, That the Keeper of the Great Seal or his Deputies, instead

Ci

of

For rendering the Register of the Great Seal complete and authoritative; and transmitting thereof to the General Pvegifter House.

Extracts from Register of Great Seal shall be probative.

Compensation to Keepers of Records affected by the Operation of this Act;

to be ascertained by Court of Exchequer.

Such Compensation shall be paid by Receiver General on Warrant of the Barons.

0.42* 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

of delivering the sealed Charters or other Writs to the Persons bj

whom these have been expede, shall forthwith deliver the same, together with the Warrants thereof, to the Director of Chancery or his Deputy, by whom, after making the proper Entries of the Sealing in the Record, the Writs shall be delivered respectively to the Persons by whom they shall have been expede; and the aforesaid Warrants shall remain in the Possession of the Dirt&or of Chancery, until the same, together with the Register in which the relative Writs have been recorded, shall be transmitted to His Majesty's General Register House.

XVI. And be it enacted, That Extras of Writs from the Register of the Great Seal, of which the Fad and Date of Sealing shall have been duly recorded, (such Extracts being certified in due Form by the Keepers of the said Records), shall make entire Faith in all Cases, excepting in Cases of Improbation.

XVII. And, in order that permanent Compensation maybe made to the Clerks of Royal Burghs and their Successors in Office, and that Compensation during their respective Lives or Continuance in

Office, may be made to the Clerks of Burghs of Regality and of Barony, and to the Commissaries and Clerks of Commissary Courts

and other Keepers of Publick Records, for and in respcA of the

Profits and Emoluments of which they will be deprived by the

Operation of this ActBe it enacted, That the said several Persons having such Claims, and meaning to infill therein, shall, within Twelve Months after the passing of this Actfc, present the same to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland\ together with the Vouchers and Evidence by which the same are meant to be supported; and the said Claims, with the Vouchers thereof, shall be given out to His Majesty's Advocate, in order that he may appear and object to the same, if necessary; and the Barons of the Exchequer, after due Inquiry made by them into the Circumstances of each Calc, are hereby authorised and required to determine and ascertain the Amount of the Fees and Emoluments of which the aforesaid Claimants shall have been, or may be deprived by the Operation of this Act, and what Sums will form a just and reasonable Compensation to such Claimants respectively, either by annual Payments to the aforesaid Clerks of Royal Burghs and their Successors in Office, or by Payments in the gross, or in Annuities, during their respective Lives or Continuance in Office, and no longer, to the several other aforesaid Claimants, and shall cause such Determination to be entered in a Roll or Book to be kept for that Purpose; and shall report the same, under their Hands, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to both Houses of Parliament.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That so soon as such Compensation shall have been ascertained by the Barons of the Court of Exchequer as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Barons, and they are hereby direct-d and required, from Time to Time to issue their Warrant or Warrants to His Majesty's Receiver General for Scotland, who shall thereupon pay the Sum or Sums specified therein to the Person or Persons entitled thereto out of any Money then, in his Hands; and every. Sum so paid upon any such Warrants shall be allowed in his Account.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 43, 44.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for regulating the Mode in which the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, exclusive of the Duty thereon, is to be ascertained under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen, as to the Rate of Duty paid or payable on Brown or Muscovado Sugar which should be deducted from the Sale Price of such Sugar in order to ascertain the average Price thereof, exclusive of the Duty of Customs, and according to which Average the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury are to be governed in carrying into Effect the Powers vested in them by an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize > imported into and exported from or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain: And whereas it 19 necessary to remove those Doubts Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the L^rds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Duties of Customs which should have been, and which shall be deduced from the Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar to be published in the London Gazette for the Purpose of enabling the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to exercise the Power and Authority vested in them by the said Act. with respect to the Suspension in the whole or in part of the additional Duties thereby granted, shall be at and after the Rite of Thirty Shillings for every Hundred Weight of such Sugar; and that the Average Price thereof, to be so published in the London Gazette for the Parppfe aforesaid, shall be exclusive of the said Duty of Thirty Shillings for every Hundred Weight of such Sugar; and that the Average Prices of such Sugar, to be so published for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be made up and published in the London Gazette accordingly, at the several Periods directed by the said recited Act, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

' Act may be altered this Session. §2.

46 G. 3. c. 4fi.

In ascertaining the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the Duties of Customs to be deducted shall be 309. perCwt.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to permit Goods brought in as Prize, and restored by the Court of Admiralty, or which have been seized as Droits, and so restored, to be sold or transferred within this Kingdom, without paying the Home Consumption Duty.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought into Great Britain as Prize, and restored by the Court of Admiralty, to be sold or transferred for the Purpose of Exportation, without Payment of the Home Consumption Duties Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

88

Goods brought in as Prize or seized as Droits shall not be liable to Duty of Customs, 8cc. on any Sale, if n«t removed from Warehouse,

except for the Purpose of Exportation.

From Sept. S9> 1809, the Admiralty may direct Allowances from the Compassionate lift of the Navy, and the Half Pay to Marine Officers to be paid at the Residence of the Persons entitled thereto.

Admiralty may make such Regulations as they think requisite for the Payment offach Allowance* and Half Pay.

C. 44, 4^ 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been taken as Prize since the Commencement, or may be taken during the Continuance of Hostilities, and which shall have been, or may be brought into Great Britain by any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or by any Private or other Ship or Vessel having Commission from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or which have been, or may be seized by any Non-commissioned Vessel or otherwise, as Droits of Admiralty, and which under any Decree of the Court of Admiralty shall have been or shall be restored to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, Or to his or their Agent or Agents, shall not be subj:& or liable to the Payment of any Duty of Customs or Excise on account of any Sale or Transfer thereof within this Kingdom, provided that such Goods, Warts, and Merchandize are not removed (except for the Purpose of Exportation only) from the Warehouse or Warehouses wherein they shall have been or may be deposited upon the first landing thereof; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

" Benefit of the Act extended to certain Goods on board Danish Ships seized as Droits of Admiralty. §2.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for more conveniently paying of Allowances on the Compassionate List of the Navy, and of Half Pay to Officers of the Royal Marines.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS it would greatly tend to the Comfort and Accommodation of Persons receiving any Sums of Money or Allowances in consequence of their Names being inserted in the Compassionate Lift of the Navy, established under and authorised by virtue of His Majesty's Order in Council of the Fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nine; and also of the Officers of the Royal Marines entitled to Half Pay, if such Allowances and Half Pay were paid to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, at or near to the Places of their Respective Residences

4 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, it shall be lawful fer the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to order and direct that all such Allowances and Half Pay shall be paid to the Persons respectively entitled thereto at or near to the Parishes or Places of their Residence, in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, by any Persons appointed to pay the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and from Time to Time to alter the same in

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C-4ji ?9

relation to the Payment of any such Allowances and Half-Pay to any such Persons so entitled thereto as aforesaid; and also as to any Certificates, Vouchers, Receipts, or Orders for the better regulating,

managing, and making such Payments; and to require such Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto as may be requisite for the ordering and fecunng the Payment of such Allowances and Half Pay: Provided always, that every such Order or Regulation may from Time to Time be revoked or altered by any Warrant, Older, or Iustruction under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty- Persons sntldel

ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundffed and nine, if any to such Allowan-Person who shall be entitled to receive any such Allowance (the Names^an<1* of such Persons, and the Sums they are respectively entitled to, being for that previously and from Time to Time transmitted to the Commissioners Purpose, receiv* of the Navy;,) or if any Officer of the Royal Marines on Half Pay, Payments from shall b« respectively desirous to receive such Allowance or Half Pay the Receiver- from any Receiver General of the Land Tax in Great Britain, Collector oT

of the Customs at any Port in Great Britain or Ireland, Collector of the Excise for any Collection in Great Britain or Ireland, or Clerk Customs and of thd Checque at any Dock Yard in Great Britain, near to the Excise, &c. Place of his Residence, it shall be in the Power of such Person so entitled to any Allowance, to apply at the Time of issuing such Allowances by Letter to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Office in Somerset Place; and for any Officer of the Royal Marines on Half Pay, at the Time of issuing such Half Pay to apply to the Paymaster of Marines at his Office in London, to have such Allowance or such Half Pay paid by the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Colle&or of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, and shall at the same Time transmit such Vouchers and Documents as shall be required by the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty, for the Time being, or any Three of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Commissioner*

Navy, or the said Paymaster of Marines, on being satisfied of the of the Navy, &e. Justice of the said Claim, shall respectively order and direct Two todir#&Two Remittance Bills to be made out for the Allowance or Half Pay due B'lls to

to such Person or Officer; which said Bills shall be Duplicates of each beraadcout, other, and shall be joined together by oblique Lines, Flourishes, or payable to such Devices, and shall be made payable to such Person, or to such Officer, Persons by the by the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Receiver-Gene* ColJc&or of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque to whom the said9c* Remittance Bills shall be addressed; and such Remittance Bills, being

numbered and dated, shall be signed by a Commissioner of the Navy, or the said Paymaster of Marines, and shall be attested by a Person to be respectively appointed by the Treasurer of the Navy or Paymaster to collect and manage the aforesaid Documents and Vouchers, to prepare such Remittance Bills, apt! keep Accounts thereof; and such Remittance Bills, being written or printed, shall be according to the Tenor and Form following, or to the like Effect

1 N° I. Day of Fom of Bah.

' Sir,

DAY to A.B. of on his producing and

delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of

being

90

One Duplicate dull be sent to the Person named therein, and the other to the Receiver General, &c. who shall on Production of the ether DupEcate pay the Sum contained therein, &c.

C. 45. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

being for the^HatfPay} to A. B> at a

[or, Half Pay Officer or Marines, at the Case may Je,] on the

Day of last, if the same be demanded within Six

Calendar Months from the Date hereof, otherwise you are to return

this Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy [or, Paymaster of Marines, 3

at his Office ia London*

r t\ f Commissioner of the Navy. Paymaster.

Attested by E. F.

[Dscription

To the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County of

The Collector of the Customs at the Port of f The Collector of the Excise at

The Clerk of the Checque at

By virtue of the Act 49 George the Third.*N.B. The forging of this Remittance Bill, or procuring

any other Person to forge the same, in order to receive any Part of the Monies hereby

payable, is made Felony by the A & Forty- ninth George the Third.*

And so soon as the said Bills are made out and signed, the respective Persons to be appointed by the said Treasurer or Paymaster shall cut or cause them to be cut asunder, through the oblique Lines, Flourishes, nr Devices 5 and shall cause one Duplicate to be transmitted to the Person or Officer named therein, to whom the Money shall be made payable, and the other Duplicate to be transmitted to the Receiver* General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, to whom the same shall be addreflVd; and if the Duplicate of such Bill shall be produced by the Person or Officer to whom the same shall be made payable, to such R' ceiver* General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, to whom the same shall be ad* dreffect, within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, he shall carefully examine the same with the Duplicate transmitted to him as aforesaid; and being satisfied of the Authenticity thereof, and of the Identity of the Person or Officer producing the same to him, he shall immediately pay the Sum mentioned therein to such Person or Officer, without Fee or Reward, or Deduction on any Pretence whatever, taking a Receipt for such Payment on the Back of the Bill; which Bill, and the Duplicate thereof, being transmitted by the Person who shall pay the fam$ to the Treasurer of the Navy, shall be immediately repaid by the said Treasurer to such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Ciecque, or his Order; and the Payments thus made by the said Treasurer of the Navy, on account of Marine Officers Half Pay, shall be re-allowed him out of the Monies issued to the said Paymaster; but in case the Duplicate of any such Bill shall not be so produced, and Payment thereof demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof* then the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Co'le&or of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, shall return the Duplicate thereof in his Hands to the said Treasurer or Paymaster at their respective Offices in London, who shall cause the same

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 45. f r

same to be cancelled5 and thereupon the Sum contained in such Bill shall become payable to the Person or Officer in whose Favour it was drawn, or to the respective lawful Representatives, in case of the Death of such Person or Officer, in the same Manner as if such Bill had never been issued.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Re* Receiver-Gene-ceiver-General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector "b

of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, to whom the Duplicate of on any such Bill shall be tendered for Payment, shall not have in his Hands Date ofhshdng Publick Monies Sufficient to answer the same, and shall for that Reason tendered, in case refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver General he has not Pub-of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, Monies in or Clerk of the Checque, shall immediately indorse-on the said Duplicate lus '.J° -

the Date of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal appoint a or Delay to pay the same, and shall appoint thereon for the Payment Day of Payment of the same some future Day, within the Space of One Month at the within a Month, farthest from its being so first tendered to him as aforesaid; and such Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, shall be immediately delivered back to the Person or Officer presenting the same; and if upon Penalty on Complaint made to the respective Commissioners appointed or to be Persons delaying appointed to manage the said several Duties of Land Tax, Customs, or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy if the Person com- Ce.

plained of be a Clerk of the Checque, it shall appear that such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Coile&or of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, hath unnecessarily or wilfully refuted or delayed the Payment of such Bill, or directly or indirectly, by himself or any Person under him, received or taken any Fee,

Reward, Gratuity, Discount, or Deduction whatsoever, on account of the Payment of the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to convict and fine the Person under their Direction so offending, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence 5 and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Penalty or Fine may be levied and recovered for any Offence against the Laws of Customs or Excise; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if such Person or Officer to On Certificate of whom the Remittance Bill shall be made payable, shall be respectively lafinnity being prevented and disabled by bodily Infirmity from appearing in Person Pro<koed> the before the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the rai^&c^auth^ Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque; and such rized to pay the bodily Infirmity being properly and satisfactorily certified by the Contents of the Mini Iter and a Churchwarden or Elder of the Parish where such Person to the Order or Officer shall reside, or by the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary

attending him, then and in such Case, the Sum contained in such Bill entl*fhdl be paid to the Order in Writing of such Person or Officer, upon producing and giving up to such Receiver General of the Land Tax,

Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, such Certificate of bodily Infirmity as aforesaid, together with a Duplicate of the said Bill, and a proper Receipt on the Back' of the same. Signed by the Person or Officer in whose Favour the Bill shall have been drawn* and witnessed by the Person who shall receive the Money.

VtI.

9*

Alignments of Allowances and Hall Pay void*

Letters and Packets to be free of Postage.

fttG.3. c. 95.

Bilk paid by the Treasurer, &c. Audi be sufficient Vouchers.

Pun!foment for perforating Parties entitled toPensions, 14 Years Trans-poriation*

Punrfoment for forging Bills or Certificates, &c. 14 Years Transportation.

C. 4;. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Alignments, Bargains,

Sales, Orders, Contrada, Agreements, or Securities whatsoever, which shall be given or made by any Person entitled to any such Allowance, or by any Half Pay Officer of Royal Marines, relating to such Allowances, or to their Half Pay, shall be absolutely null and void, to all Intents and Purposes.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets sent by the Direction of the Treasurer of the Navy in carrying this Act into Execution, shall be free from the Duty of Postage, and shall be transmitted under Covers, with the Words 4' Pursuant to Act of Parliament Forty- ninth of George the Third, 11 printed upon the same; and shall be transmitted by the Person appointed to fend Letters and Packets under the Authority of an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for effiablishing a more easy and expeditious Method for the punQual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty i Navy, under and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, and Penalties, as are prescribed by the said Act, with respect to the Letters and Packets thereby authorised to be sent free of the Duty of Postage.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Remittance Bill and Remittance Bills herein before directed to be made out, and which shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy or Payncaster of Marines in Manner as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as good and sufficient Vouchers to the Treasurer of the Navy and Paymaster of Marines, for so much Money as shall have been so directed to be paid on ftfch Bill or Bills respectively, and as shall have been so paid by either of them thereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing their respective Accounts.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall wilfully and knowingly personate, or falsely afiume the Name or Character of, or procure any other Person to personate, or falsely to assume the Name or Character of any Person entitled, or suppoftd to be entitled, to any such Allowance aforesaid, or of any Officer of the Royal Marines on Half Pay as aforesaid, in order to receive such Allowance or Half Pay, or any Part thereof, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and may be transported for such Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the Court shall adjudge.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or assist in forging and counterfeiting, the Name or Hand-writing of any Person or Officer entitled to any such Allowance, or to such Half Pay, or of any Person or Persons required by any Rules or Regulations made under and by virtue of this Act, to sign any Remittance Bill, Cerificate, Voucher, or Receipt in relation to the Payment of any such Allowance or Half Pay, for and in order to the receiving or obtaining any Money on any such Allowance or Half Pay 5 or shall utter as true any faise, forged, or counterfeited Remittance Bill, Certificate, Voucher, or Receipt, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever, every such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and he is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony; and may be transported for such Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the said Court shall adjudge*

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 45, 46.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders, Certificates, Vouchers, Remittance Bills, and Receipts, for or relating to any such Allowance or Half Pay as aforesaid, shall be free from all Duties of Stamps, and be good, valid, and effectual, although the same shall not have been stamped; any Thing in any Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to authorize the Principal Officers of the Customs in the British Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies to examine Witnesses on Oath.

[12th May 1309.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Production of Manifejls, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of Goods, the Surveyor General or Surveyors General of the Customs in the Port of London, upon Examination's 4 and Inquiries relative to the Revenue of Customs, and to the Condust: of the Officers employed therein, arc authorised to examine all Persons who may appear before them upon Oath -} and the like Power is also given to the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs at the Out-Ports of Great Britain, by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Regulation of the Collection of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain in certain Cases: And Whereas it is expedient, that

upon the like Examinations and Inquiries to be made by or before

the Collectors and Comptrollers of any of the Ports in the British Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies, or by or before such other Person or Persons a3 the Commissioners of the

Customs in England for the Time being shall deem fit and proper, to examine and inquire into Matters relative to the Revenue of Customs and other Duties, and respecting the Conduct of the Principal Officers, and any Officers whatever employed under them, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies, and shall or may from Time to Time appoint for the Purpose of making any such Examinations and Inquiries, the like Power to examine all Persons who may appear before them upon Oath, should be given to the said Collectors and Comptrollers, and such other Person or Persons aforesaid respectively j* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and each and every Person and Persons who shall be examined as a Witness or Witness, on any Enquiry directed by the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, or any Four or more of them, to be made in America or the Wefi Judies, relative to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs or other Duties there, or to the Condust: of the Officers employed in the Collection thereof, by or before any Collector and Comptroller of the Customs or either of them, at or belonging to any Port in the British Colonies and Plantations in America or the West Indies, or by or before such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Four or more of them, for

I the

n

Bills and Certificates, &c. exempted born Stamp Duties.

26 G.a. c. 40t> $28.

43 G. a. c. its; §3.

On Inquiries ia America or the West Indies, relative to the Duties of Customs, Testimony shall be given on Oath before the Collectors, See.

Persons making a 1'alfe Oath ttmll be guilty of Perjury.

46 U 3. c. 11#.

Fruit, Wine, 8cc. the Produce of Europe South of Cape Finisterre may be flapped for Exportation thence, direct to the several North American Ports Herein mentioned, in British Vessels, arriving wirh British American Produce, or Fish, &c, to the Truth of which the Matters of 'Vessels shall make Oath, &c.

C. 46, 47. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

the Purpose sfortsaid, shall and they are hereby respectively required to deliver his, her, or their Testimony on Oath, to be administered by the said Officer or Officers, or the said other Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid, respectively, who shall examine him, her, or them, or before whom he, she, or they shall be examined as aforesaid, and such Officer and Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, are hereby authorised to admmi'ter such Oath accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall be convicted of making a false Oath touching any of the Fasts directed or required by this Act to be testified on Oath, or of giving false Evidence on his, her, or their Examination on Oath as aforesaid, by or before any Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, of, at, or belonging to any Port in the West Indies or America., or either of them, or such other Person or Pcitous appointed as aforesaid, in conformity to the Directions of this Act, inch Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to permit certain Articles, the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, to be laden and shipped on board Ships arriving with British North American Produce, and Fish taken by Settlers in the British North American Colonies, at any Port of Europe, in order to be exported to the principal Ports in the British Colonies and Plantations in North America.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Permission granted by an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing an Intercourse between the Colonies of Sit Majesty in North America and Malta and Gibraltar, should be extended to other Parts of Europe / Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act any Fruit, Wine, Oil, Salt, or Cork, the Produce of any Part of Europe South of Cape Finijltrre, may be shipped and laden in any Port or Place whatever in such Parts of Europe for Exportation direct to the several Ports hereafter mentioned: that is to say, the Port of St. John'* in the Province of New Brutifwick, St. John 8 in the Island ol Newfoundland, Quebec in the Province of Canada, Sydney in the Island of Cape Breton, Halifax and Shelburn iir the Province of Nova Scotia, and Charlotte Town in Prince Edward Island\ all in North America, on board any British Ship or Vessel owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, which shall have arrived at such Port or Place in Europe with Articles of the Growth or Produce of the said Colonies, or with Fiffi taken and cured by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fisheries from any of the said Colonies or Plantations, or from Great Britain or Ireland: Provided always, that upon the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in any Port of Europe with any such Cargo as aforesaid, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel

49° GEO. III. C. 47.

vs

Vessel shall make Oath before the British Consul there resident, or if there shall be no British Consul there resident, then before Two known British Merchants there resident, (which Oath he and they respectively is and are hereby authorised and required to administer), that the whole C$rgo of such Ship or Vessel is entirely the Growth and Produce of the said British Colonies, or the Produce of the British F; faeries in North America really and bond jide taken and cured by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fifaeries from some or one of the said Colonies or Plantations, or from Great Britain or Ireland; and before the said faip or Vessel shall clear out from such Port or Place in Europe for any of the several enumerated Ports in the British Colonies in North America, the Matter or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall, in like Manner, make Oath before such Person or Persons as afertsaid, (which Oath such Person or Persons are hereby author'zed to administer), that the several Articles the Produce of Europe, shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, have been so shipped in return for the Cargo of Articles of Produce of the British North American Colonies, or of the Fifaeries carried on from thence, previously brought by such Ship or Vessel to such Port or Plac£ in Europe as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Importation of the said Articles, the Produce of 'Europe, into the several Ports before enumerated, the same shall be subject and liable to the Payment of such* Duties as Goods of the like Denomination or Description are now subjadi and liable to, upon being legally imported into the said several Porte.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize of the Growth, Production, or Manufadfcure of Europe, except such as are herein-before enumerated, shall be laden and shipped on board any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, in order to be exported to any of the said several other Ports before enumerated, or to any other Port or Place whatever to His Majesty belonging, or which shall hereafter belong to or be in the Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Ajba, Africa, or America % all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, together with the Ship or Vessel in or onboard which the same shall be laden or shipped, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall subject to Forfeiture any Salt, the Produce of Europe, intended for the Use of the British Fifaeries of Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, or Quebec, shipped in a-y Part of Europe whatever; or any Goods fit and necessary for the Fifaery in any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, \ or of the of Guernsey and Jersey, shipped and laden in the said

Idands respcdfcivtly, by any of the Inhabitants thereof 5 or any Wined of the Growth of the Madeiras or the Western Islands of Azores, shipped and laden at those Places respectively, the said Goods, Wares* and Merchandize respectively being shipped and laden according to the Laws in force, on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, subject to Forfeiture under the Pro* vilions of this Act, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs in the said Colonies or Plantations respectively, or by Jbe Cqipmdiukr of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, and

'v '* the

Article* on Importation f abject to Duty.

Ne Goods but such as before enumerated shall be exported, &c. on Pain of Forfeiture, except European Salt, or British Goods for the British Fisherie* of Nora Scotia, &c. and Wines af the Madeira*

Seizures under this Act may be made by any Officer of trie Cidioms, See*

9<J C. 47, 4?. 49 GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

the same shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided in the same Manner and Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations, in all Respects as far as the same are applicable, as any other Forfeiture imposed by any Act or Acts made for the Security of the Revenue* or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, or for the Regulation of Trade or Navigation, and which were in force on and immediately before the passing'of this Act, may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided in any British Colony or Plantation in America.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a Permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Restrictions for the Defence of the Realm.

[20th May 1809.]

" 4* G.S. c. 150. recited; Deficiencies and Vacancies may be direct.d to be supplied by Order of Secretary of State without His Majesty's r Warrant. §1. Volunteers allowed to enter whether any Ballot* directed or not, until Local Militia is complete, f 2. Vacancies shall be filled up notwithstanding the Number of such Militia and u Volunteers exceed Six times the Quota of the Regular Militia. §3. 44 But such Deficiencies shall not be supplied until the Number be reduced below the Proposition required. §4. Local Militia Men may enlill into the Regular Militia, [of their own County, See 44 49 G. 3. c. 129.] except during annual Training. § j. Penalty on Officer, See. enlisting a Local Militia Man during such Period of Training 2c/. §6. How Vacancies by Promotion of Corporals and Serjeants, and by enlisting, shall be filled up. J 7. Deputy Lieutenants may make new Apportionments where requisite. §8. 14 Lieutenancy shall fix by Ballot the Order in which Divisions and Parishes shall supply Deficiencies by Promotion of Privates to be Serjeants or Corporals. §9. Deputy Lieutenants shall regulate Inequalities of Numbers in Divisions or Parishes. §10.

48 G. 3. c. iso.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and §28. as to aftCr the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ten.

Bounties to so much of the said Recited Act as enacts, that any Person who shall

tarily^nrolling voluntarily enroll himself to serve in the Local Militia under the said themselves recited Act of the last Session of Parliament (except Members of repealed; except Volunteer Corps transferring themselves) shall be entitled to receive as to Members of the Sum of Two Guineas, to be paid upon his Enrolment, over and Volunteer Corps. a^ove any Sum to which he may be entitled for Necessaries, shall be Heritors may and the fame is hereby repealed: Provided always, that it shall and

Sj.v* 1a Bounty may \yC lawful for the Heritors of any Parish, being Proprietors of

to Volunteers619 ^ands the Parish to the Extent of at lead One hundred Pounds Scofs of valued Rent appearing in the Land Tax Books of the County within which such Parish is situated, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, to be called by any Two or more such Heritors, upon Notice to that Effect given from the Pulpit on any Sunday at least Five Days previous to such Meeting, to agree to give a Bounty to any Persons voluntarily enrolling themselves in the Local Militia for such Parish, provided that such Bounty or Sum of Money shall in no Case exceed the Sum of Two Guineas for each Person, to be paid upon

A.D. 1809; 49° GEO. III. C. 48, 49,

Enrolment, exclusive of Necessaries; and it shall and may be lawful for such Heritors to assess Sums equal to all such Bounties upon the Heritors within such Parish, in proposition to the valued Rent of every such Heritor within the Parish j and One Half of every Sum so assessed shall be paid by the Tenant or Tenants of the Land upon which the same shall be assessed*

Bounty to Persons enrolling in Local Militia shall be deduced " from the Bounty, on enlisting into the Line within Twelve Months:

and Half if within Two Years. §12.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited 48g. 3. c. 150. Ad of the last Session of Parliament as enads or requires that any §58. requiring Sums of Money advanced or p: id for the Bounties of Two Guineas Bounties to bt allowed by the said recited Act, to Persons voluntarily enrolling the m- »ffe^d°a felve3 in the Local Militia, or transfermij themfches from Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia, shall be afTrffed upon any Parishes in any

County or Stewarty, fhdl be and the same is hereby repealed.

" No Bounties to Members of Volunteer CorpB, unless serving before " this Act. §14. Volunteers transferred into Local Militia shall not " be liable to serve in Regular Militia. §15. Officers commanding Volunteers transferred into Local Militia shall retain their Commands. §16. Lieutenant-Colonels-Commandant shall command Lieutenant-Colonels. §17. Rank of Yeomanry Officers, and " Officers of Local Militia. §18, 19. Vice-Lieutenants may grant* Commissions. §20. No Stamp Duty on Commissions in Local Militia. {21. B lls for Pay and Allowance to, and for remitting Money on account of, Local Militia, &c. may be drawn on undamped Paper. §22. Where Towns in the County, &c. do not afford Accommodation for quartering Local Militia, they may be marched into an adjoining County. §23. Adjutants and Non-commissioned Officers of Local Militia may train Regular Militia Men until marched to their Regiment. §24.

[But fee 49 G. 3. c. 82. §2.]

Colonels may appoint Quarter Matters of Regiments of Local Militia. §25. Qualification for Officers of [Local"] Militia may be in any Part of Great Britain. §26.

[See 49 G. 3. c. 82. §3.]

'Serjeants, &c. of Local Militia not to be allowed to.enliff in Regulars without Consent of Commanding Officer. $ 27. Men shall not change their Regiments on Removing from One Part of the County to another. $ 28. Men shall not remove while the Regiment 41 is assembled. §29. Local Militia shall not be subject to Mutiny Ad,

unless when receiving Pay or embodied. §30. This Act and recited Act shall be construed as One Act. §31. Act may be altered this Session. §32.

49 G. 3. c. 40. for the Local Militia of England, as to the ScQioni here abridged. J

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to authorize His Majesty to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, any Goods and Commodities to be imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever.

[30th May 1809.]

49° GEO. III. H f WHEREAS

9^C. 4M»* 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fort y-seventh Year of

47 G. 3. c. 38. 4 His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for permitting, until the Twenty [fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine>

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the

Importation of certain enumerated Articles into the British Colonies on the Continent of North America from the United States of America, and the Exportation of other enumerated Articles from the same Colonies to the said States, it wa3 entdled, that it should be lawful in any British Ship owned and navigated according to Law, or any Ship belonging

to any of the Subjecta of the United States of America, to import from the said States into such Ports as should be specially appointed for that Purpose by His Majesty, within the Province of Nova Scotia or New Brunswick, certain Articles enumerated in the said Act;

and that it should be lawful in any such Ship to export from the said Port so to be appointed to the said United States, certain Articles in the said Act also enumerated, subject to certain Provisions and Regulations thereto contained and provided: And Whereas it is expedient to authorize the Importation to and Exportation from the Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick of any Articles in any Ships or Vessels, under certain Limitations and Restrictions*/ Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

Any Goods may That, from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful, in any be imported into Ship or Vessel in any Manner owned or navigated, to import into and fron^Nwa.6 cxPort. any P°rt or P°rt8 within the Province of Nova Scotia or

Scotia or New New Brunswick, which shall be specially appointed for that Purpose

Brunswick in any by His Majesty by Order in Council, any Goods or Commodities Ships whatever, which His Majesty by Order in Council shall specially authorize and allow to be so imported and exported respectively, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to make such Rules and Regulations for the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities as aforesaid, with such Penalties and For* feitures for the Breach thereof as shall seem fit and necessary to His Majesty by and with the Advice aforesaid.

4' Continuance of Act 25 March 1812. §3.

under Urder in Council.

His Majesty in Council may make Regulations for that Purpose.

CAP. L.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties, as relates to the Limitation according to which the Discount on Newspapers is regulated.

[20th May 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of 07 G. n. c. to the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act fot4 13.3.36. 4 granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters

therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attorniesy and others practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, it was amongst other Things enacted, that certain Allowances by way of Discount should be paid

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 50, 51.'99

for every Newspaper which should be sold at a Price not exceeding Sixpence, and also to Proprietors and Printers of Newspapers under certain Circumstances, who should not advance the Price of their Newspapers above the then usual Price at which such Newspapers were sold, more than the Amount of the Duty by that Act imposed

thereon*And Whereas since the passing of the said recited Act,

the Price of Paper and Expences of Printing are very much in- creased1, and it is therefore teasonable that the Price at which the Allowances mentioned in the said recited Act shall be granted,

should be further extended; Be it therefore enacted by the Kingr8 inpft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be Discount shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, and they are hereby allowed under Required to make the Allowances by way of Discount in the said ^withftSdi t recited Act, directed to be made to the Proprietors and Printers of the Price of a Newspapers, or Papers containing Publick News, Intelligence, or Oc- Newspaper be*currences, notwithstanding such Proprietors and Printers shall have nufed^cU advanced or shall advance the Price of their Papers; provided the same shall not have been or shall not be advanced more than One Halfpenny above the Price at which they were entitled to the Allowances of such Discount as aforesaid, under the said recited Act.

CAP. LI.

An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, and amend certain Acts for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received in several Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for public Money in Ireland.

[20th May 1809.]

i( 44 G. 3. c. 106. continued by 45 G. 3. c. 6j. and as continued and amended by 47 G. 3. Se/f. 1. c. 41. further continued. §1.

II. And Whereas various Charges are set forth in the Publick Accounts of Ireland, or Balances due by Persons entrusted with the Receipt, Custody, or Collection of His Majesty's Revenues there,

and several Sums appear in the said Accounts to be in Arrear Be

it further enacted, That the Commissioners appointed under the said Commissionert

recited Acts shall and they are hereby empowered and required to pro- ^er rec, ted

ceed as soon as may be to investigate and examine into all Balances ^in efttoeUia

and Arrears due unto His Majesty, for or on account of any Sum or Balances and

Sums received for his Use, and into all Arrears of any Revenue, Tax, Arrears of

Charge, or Imposition, remaining or alledged to remain due or unpaid, Publick

and to settle and ascertain the same, and to state separately such Parts Accountant*.

of such Balances and Arrears, as shall appear to them insolvent, and for the Recovery of which they shall not think it adviseable that legal

Process should be mstituted or continued, with their Reason for so

thinking, set forth in each Case, and in like Mannes to state separately

all the other Parts of such Balances and Arrears which they shall not deem insolvent, with their Opinions as to the Means which ought

to be pursued, and against whom and in what Manner for the Recovery of each $ and also such general Rules or Regulations as they

IOO

C. 51, 53*53. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

may think proper to be adopted, for keeping down all such Balances and Arrears in biture, and for the more easily ascertaining from Time to Time such Parts thereof as may be usolvent, and recovering all the other Parts with the leall Delay and Expence.

Powers of recited Acts extended to this A A. §3. frish Treasury 4C may issue 4, 00c/. in addition to former Sums for the Purposes of " this Act. §4. Continuance of A A ill August 1810. §5.

CAP. LII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[20th May 1809.]

Treasury may raise 6, 000, 000l. by Exchequer Bills, as under 44 48 G. 3 c. 1. — Payable out of the first Supplies in the next Session. § I, 2, 3. Interest of 3\d per Cent, per Diem. §4. Said " Exchequer Bills shall be current at the Exchequer after April 5,

j8io. §5. Bank of England may advance 6, coo, oooo/. on Credit u of this Act §6.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for completing the Militia of Great Britain.

[27th May 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, 49G. 9. c. 4. intituled An Act to allow a certain Proposition of the Militia of Great Britain to enlijl voluntarily into the Regular Foroes, a certain

Proposition of the Militia serving in Great Britain is allowed to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces, under certain Provisions and Restrictions: And Whereas it is necessary that such Increase of the

Regular Forces should not diminish the Militia, but that the Militia

should be forthwith completed, and it is expedient for that Purpose

that Men ttiould be allowed to be raised for the Militia, by Beat of

4 Drum, for a limited Time, and that at the Expiration of that Time the Remainder of the Men to be raised and enrolled under this Act should be raised by Ballot May it therefore please Your Majesty

that it may be ena A?d; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled.

Number of and by the Authority of the same, That on or before the First Militia equal to Day Gf 03oher One thousand eight hundred and ten, there shall be raised and levied in Great Britain, in the several Counties of England ot^Militia in* aT5<^ Scotland respectively, a Number of Private Militia Men, tquai England and to One Half of the original Quotas of Private Men specified in Two

Scotland under Acts of Parliament, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of

45 G. 3. c. 90, His present Majesty, relating to the Militias of England and Scotland 9i«(h&l respectively; and in another Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of

1*8 hT 1*the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the letter raising

and ordering the Militia Forces of thf Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, relating to the Militia of the Tower Hamlets.

Till 1 Juneisio,

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the patting of

Volunteers may thj8 and untiJ the Day of June One thousand eight hundred Militbb Beat an<* tcn* lt ^or Majesty's Lieutenants and Deputy

fDrumJ Lieutenants, and the Coloneia and Commanding Officers of the

Regiment*

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. III.

G-53*

t«r

Regiments of Regular and Local Militia of Great Britain, and the Commissioned Officers and Non-commissioned Officers of the Regiments of Regular and Local Militia, duly authorised by their respective Commanding Officers for the Time being, by Beat of Drum, or otherwise, in their respective Counties, or adjoining Counties, to raise Volunteers for the Regiments of Regular Militia of the Counties to which they respectively belong, for the completing the Number of Men required to be raised and enrolled under this Act, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Volunteer so raised as aforesaid, shall take the Oath required to be taken by Substitutes in the Militia, which Oath shall and may be administered by any Person respectively authorised to administer Oaths to Persons enrolled in the Militia, or by any Justice of the Peace, or Deputy-Lieutenant for the County in which such Volunteers shall have been raised, or in which the Regiment for which he shall have heen raised, shall be at the Time of his joining such Regiment.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Provisions of Volunteer (bail have more than One Child born in Wedlock; and all A&sasto the Provisions, Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties and Clauses contained in any Act relating to the Militia as to Substitutes in relation to exten^ed to such their Families, and also as to the Families of Substitutes in the Militia, Volunteers, and as to the making Provision for such Families, and a3 to any false Representation or Declaration made in respect thereof, shall extend and be applied as to such Volunteers as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in and made Part of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Colonels or Commanding Colonel* shall Officers for the Time being, of the teveral Regiments of Militia for

which any Men shall be so raised as aforesaid, shall, at the Expiration Meetings CM of every Month from the Commencement of enlisting such Volunteers Monthly Cer-as aforesaid, transmit to the Clerks of General Meetings of iheir tificates, &c. respective Counties, and where the Men of more Counties than One of Men raised. are united to form any Regiment of Militia, then Duplicates to each (Schedule A.) of such Counties, Certificates of the Number of Men raised for their respective Regiments, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) and a like Certificate within Seven Days after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, of the Men raised since the last Certificate and the said First Day of June.

V. And be it further enacted, That a Sum not exceeding Twelve Bounty not Guineas shall be allowed and paid in respect of every Man who shall be exceeding 12 provided or raised as a Volunteer by B^at of Drum or otherwise, under Guineas to

the Provisions of this Act as aforesaid, and such Part of such Sum Re^uSaOoM

shall be applied towards the Expences of procuring the Volunteers, as His Majesty and the remaining Part as a Bounty to the Volunteers, and such shall diieft.

Bounty shall be paid or applied to the Use of every such M^n at

such Times and Places, and in such Propositions as to any Advance of any Part thereof, and in such Manner, and under and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as His Majesty shall by any Order of His principal Secretary of State, by any Regulations from Time

to Tune made in that Behalf, be pleaftd to order and direct; and

it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's

Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to order any Receiver-

General in England, or Collector of the Ccfs in Scotland, to advance

and pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or in respect of any such

Lieutenancy shall fix by Ballot the Order in which "Vacancies arising by Bnliftment tinder 49 G. 3. c. 4. shall be filled up, and cause Lifts to be j made out of Men cnlisted, and of their Parishes: '3*Ten cnlifted for Militia shall be placed to such Parishes for Relief of Families. {Schedule B.)

lifter June T, 1810, raising "Volunteers by Beat of Drum ihaUceafr.

c. 53. 490 Geo. nr. A.D. 1809

Bounties, or any Advances in respect thereof as may be necessary, out of any Publick Monies in their Hands, or received or receivable by them out of any Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and all Monies paid under any such Orders as aforesaid shall be good and valid, and be allowed to all such Receivers-General or Collectors of Cess in their Accounts.

VI. And be it further enacted, when and so soon as the Return* of Men who shall have enlisted into His Majesty's Regular Forces under the Provisions of the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament, at the Expiration of the several Periods in the said Act specified for enlisting, where the Regiment of Militia has been from only one County, shall have been respectively made, the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants shall assemble from Time to Time in General Meetings which shall be called and held for that Purpose, in case no other General Meetings shall be at such Times about to be held, for carrying into Execution the Acts relating to the Militia, and where a Regiment of Militia is composed of Militia Men ballotted from Two or more Counties in Scotland, the Clerks of Lieutenancy of the said Counties shall meet at the Place where the Michaelmas Head Court is held in that County, from which the greatest Number of Militia Men had been ballotted for the Regiment, on Notice given by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of the said County, to the Clerk of Lieutenancy of the other County or Counties aforesaid. Fourteen Days at the lead previous to such Meeting of the Clerks of Lieutenancy, and the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or Clerks of Lieutenancy respectively, shall at such Meeting, and they are hereby required to ascertain and 'fix by Bailot, the Order in which the Vacancies occasioned by Men enlisted into His Majesty's Regular Forces shall be filled up for the several Parishes and Hundreds respectively, and shall cause Lifts to be made out of the Men who shall have volunteered into His Majesty's Regular Foroes, and of the Parishes to which they respectively belonged, and to be entered in the Order in which the Names shall have been drawn by Bailot, and in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and all the Men enrolled for the Militia under this Act shall be from Time to Time entered and placed to the different Parishes in the Order in which the Names of Men stand on such Lifts in Succession according to the Dates of their respective Enrolments; and all Men so entered and placed to such Parishes shall thenceforth be deemed to belong to such ^Parishes, a3 to any Relief of any Families of such Men, or thereafter supplying of any Vacancies, in like Manner as if such Men had been provided as Substitutes or Volunteers for such Parishes respectively.

VII. And be it enacted, That after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, it shall not be lawful for any Colonel or Commanding Officer or other Officer, or Non-commissioned Officer of Regular or Local Militia, to raise any Volunteers by Beat of Drum or otherwise under this Act, unless the same shall be specially authorised by His Majesty, by Order of one of his Principal Secretaries of State, but all Deficiencies then remaining shall be raised by Bailor, or as Volunteers to be provided by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes in England, and by any Heritor or Heritors of Parishes in Scotland, in Manner allowed by this Act; and every Colonel, Commanding Officer, or other Officer or Non-

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 53. !>oj_

commissioned Officer of Regular or Local Militia, who shall thereafter raise any Man in such Manner, shall be subject, in respect of all Men so raised, to all the Penalties contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Militia for enlisting Men, as fully as if this Act had not passed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every County In which In case of on the Firil Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten any Deficiencies o* Deficiencies shall remain to be supplied, and also in case His Majesty shall deem it necessary that a Ballot shall commence for the completing or't*erje^the Militia, the Lieutenant and Deputy-Lieutenant shall, at General Ballot t com-Meetings to be held for that Purpose, determine whether any Ap- mence, Lieu-portionments or new 'Lifts are necessary for the proceeding to ballot tenants shall either to supply such Deficiencies or to complete the Militia in their APPor- respective Counties, and shall, in case the same shall be necessary, appoint Subdivision Meetings, and such General and Subdivision Meetings shall proceed to make such Apportionments, and to cause new Lifts to be made out and returned, or old Lifts to be amended., and to do all other, A&8> Matters, and Things, which may be necessary for carrying the same into execution under the Provisions of the several Acts in force in relation to the Militia: Provided always, that all such Apportionments shall be made, according to the Proposition of the original Quota of Militia Men raised in any County; and provided further, that for the Purpose of making such Apportionments, where a Regiment of Militia Men shall be composed of Militia Men ballotted from Two or more Counties in Scotland the Clerks of Lieutenancy of the said Counties shall meet at the Place where the Mkhaelmai Head Court is held in that County from which the greatest Number of Militia Men had bee* ballotted for the Regiment, on Notice given by the Lieutenant or Deputy-Lieutenant of the said Couoty, to the Clerk of the Lieutenancy of the other County or Counties aforesaid,

Fourteen Days at the least previous to such Meeting, and such Clerk3 of Lieutenancy so assembled shall apportion such Deficiencies among fudh Counties, according to the Proposition of the original Quota of Militia Men ballotted in such Counties respectively, Regard being had to the Number of Men who may have been raised under this Act by any Heritor or Heritors of any Parish in such Counties, and entered as raised in Discharge of such Parish from Bailot, as herein-before directed, and such Deficiencies, so-apportioned by such Clerks among such Counties, shall thereupon be apportioned among the Parishes thereof in the Manner directed by this Act in the Case of any County raising within itself a Regiment of Militia.

IX. And be it further enacted, That before any Ballot under this Before any Act shall take place for the supplying of any Deficiencies which may Bailot, Lieu^ re maul to be supplied, the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants tenan(7*11 assembled at any General and Subdivision Meetings to beheld for that?SIOn nV Purpose shall respectively apportion the Number of Men actually yeoro enrolled and so entered as aforesaid, and the Deficiencies then remaining to be supplied among the Subdivisions, Hundreds, and

Parishes of the respective Counties, and the Men then remaining deficient shall be raised by Ballot or otherwise according to the Provisions of this Act, by such Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishesj according to such Apportionment as aforesaid,

X. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of General Meetings B&llot in shall, within Seven Days after such Apportionments as aforesaid, transmit to the Clerk of Subdivision Meetings of their respective *eeunSs*

C. 53* 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Counties, Certificates of the Number of Men enrolled, and the Number of Men deficient in the Militia, and which remain to be provided in the Hundreds or Parishes in which such Deficiencies exist, and the Deputy Lieutenants in their resptAivr Subdivisions shall forthwith proceed to raise such Deficiencies by Bailot, under the Provisiong of the A As relating to the Militia; any Thing in an Act passed in, the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That Notice shall be given by the Deputy-Lieutenant*?, cr C/erk of Subdivision Meetings, by affixing the same on the Duors of the Churches or Chapels, or on other conspicuous Places in the several Parishes within their respective Subdivisions, of the Days, Times, and Places appointed for Ballots under Mode of Bailot, this A A, in their respective Subdivisions; and the Names of the Persons liable to be ballotted shall publickly and in the Preftnce of any such Magistrates, Churchwardens, and Ove-seers of the Poor as choose to attend, be called over from the Lids, and put into the Boxes or Glasses for ballotting, and shall in hke Manner be publickly drawn out, and the Names of the Persons so drawn shall be publickly called for, and be entered in a Book by the Clerks of the Subdivision, or Persons appointed by them or the Deputy Lieutenants, for that Purpose; and such calling over of the Names, and ballotting for Persons to be enrolled under this Act, shall take place at the Days, Times, and Places appointed, and shall not commence before Ten of the Clock, nor continue longer than Six in the Evening; and if such ballotting shall not be complete in One Morning, the Boxes shall be sealed with the Seals of any Two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants and the Clerk of the Meeting, and such Seals shall be broken, and the ballotting be fimlhed in like publick Manner on the succeeding Day or Days, or on any other Day to which such Ballot shall be adjourned.

Appeal.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants

in all Cases in which the same shall be neerssary, shall appoint Days Notice of Bailot, and Places for holding Meetings for hearing Appeals; and the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings at which such Ballots shall have taken place, shall within Three Days transmit to the Contfables, School-masters, or other Officers of the Parish s within their Subdivisions, the frames of the Persons ballotted therein respectively, and such x Constab'.e or Schoolma'ler shall thereupon give Notice to every such Person* by delivering the same to him or his Wife, or some Servant or Member of his Family, or leaving the same at his usual or lad Fresh Ballots for Place of Abode; and it shall be lawfsl for the Deputy Lieutenants, Deficiencies, &c. and they are hereby required in all Cases in which Persons so ballotted shall make Deraulc, or n' t find Substitutes, or shall desert, or shall pay the Fine under this A A, to proceed to a fresh Bailot, and adjourn such Meeting, and dire A like Notice to be given to the Persons ballotted, and appoint other Meetings in case the same shall be necessary for making fresh Ballots, and until the full Number of Men required under rhis AA shall be enrolled to serve in the Mditia.

Penalty on Per-

XIII. And be it further enaA d, That every Person chosen by fons balloted Ballot under this A A to serve in the Militia (not being one of the

(exceptQuakers) p<, pje Ca}\e(j Quakers) who shall refuse or neglect to appear and not Serving or Oath, and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Subllitu'e in

fiffir - Manner directed by the said AAa relating to the Militia of Great Britain

bo 4

Notice of Ballots.

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. III. C. 53. ioj

Britain, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner in this Act mentioned.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a Sum of Bounty to Per-Ten Guineas shall be allowed to every Person ballotted and enrolled fons plotted between the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and 2 juneto ten, or if any Person ballotted within such Period shall provide a 1 Sept. i«io. Substitute, or shall have a Substitute provided for him, who shall be enrolled, then to the Substitute; and such Bounty shall be paid in such Propositions and at such Times and Places, and in such Propositions as to finding any Necessaries, and as to any Advance of any Part thereof, as shall be specified in any Regulations made in that Behalf as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Churchwardens, lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish &<* may raise in England, and for any Heritor or Heritors of any Parishes in Scotland, Volunteers till at any Time after the passing of this Act, and until the First Day of tho*ftmll have September One thousand eight hundred and ten, to raise or provide any Bounty, such Men as Volunteers as aforesaid, who shall be entitled to such

Bounty of Ten Guineas as aforesaid, to be paid and applied as aforesaid: Provided always, that all Men so raised shall be entered as raised for the Parish for which they shall have been provided, and in discharge of such Parish from Ballot for such Men as shall be so raised.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for No Bates or any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of any Parish, or any other Subscription Person or Persone, to make, raise, or levy any Rate or Rates, or any j^all Subscription or Subscription*, or Sum or Sums of Money, or to give, Voluntet* advance, or promise any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of inducing any Person to enliil as a Volunteer as aforesaid; and every Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, and other Person, who shall

in any Manner pay or give, or advance to or to the Use of any such Volunteer, or the Family of such Volunteer, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Bounty, Gift, or Reward, or who shall promise any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Bounty, Gift, or Reward, other than such Bounty as shall be allowed and paid as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be Penalty 20J. recovered, levied, paid, and applied as any like Penalty may be revered, levied, and applied under any Act or Acts relating to the Militia:

Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Overseer of the Poor of Subfifrence

any Parish, out of any Rate in his Hands for the Relief of the Poor in' Money to Men

England, and for any Collector of the Cess out of any Money in his on their March.

Hands in Scotland, to advance for the Subsistence of any Men raised and provided for such Parish, during the March to his Regiment, any

Sum not exceeding the Rate of Pay at Two Shillings per Day, of

so many Days as would enable such Man to march from the Place

where he was raised to such Regiment, to be calculated at the Rate of not less than Ten Miles per Day, with the usual Number of halting

Days: Provided always, that all Sums of Money so advanced in resptdfc

of any Men that shall be approved and enrolled, shall be repaid to such

Overseer by the Officer appointed for receiving such Men, to be by

such Overseers or Collt&ors of the Cess carried to the Account of the Rates of Money from which the same shall have been advanced

as aforesaid.

VTTTT

XVII.

i ©6*

Persons receiving B#«oiy not entitled to Allowance under 42G. 3. c. 90.

122, &c,

Chare of Bounty to Substitute fceiore joining.

Members of Volunteer Corps not exempt, nnlels having served the full W timber of Days under 44 G. 3. <?. 54.

Persons ballotedmder Training

Aa

46 G. 3. c. 90. not exempt; nor Officers upon Half Pay; unless serving, or having offered to, serve, in Militia,

C. $3. 49 GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person so ballotted and receiving such Sum of Ten Guineas as aforesaid, shall be entitled to, or have or receive the Allowance of One-half of the current Price of a Volunteer, or any other Allowance under any Act of Parliament relating to the Militia, by reason of his not being possessed of any Estate in Lands, Goods, or Money, of the clear Value of Five hundred Pounds; any Thing in any Act of Farlianpent relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI1L And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Deputy-Lieutenant to dirtft or permit any larger Sum of Money thbn shall be allowed in any Rules and Regulations made for the Application of such Sum or Bounty of Ten Guineas as aforesaid, to be paid to any Substitute at the Time of his Enrolment, nr before he shall actually join his Regiment; any Tiling in any Act or A&8 of Parliament relating to the Militia notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall claim, or have or be entitled to any Exemption from being ballotted to serve in the Militia under this Act, by reason of any such Person being enrolled and serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, uriless such Person shall have cftudly attended the usual Muster and Exercise of such Corps for the Number of Days required by an Act pass d in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the federal Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make, further Regulations relating thereto; and if any Person who shall not have so attended according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall nevertheless claim any Exemption, such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, notwithstanding any such Person may have a Certificate of being an tffift ve Member of his Corps; and from and after the passing of this Act, no Certificate of any Commanding Officer of any Volunteer Corps shall be admitted by any Deputy-Lieutenant upon any such Claim of Exemption, unless such Certificate shall certify the Number of Days on which the Person producing the same shall have attended the Muster or Exercise of his Corps, or been absent from any justifiable Cause under the said recited Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be exempt from being ballotted to serve io the Militia under this Act, by reason of any such Person having been ballotted or enrolled to be trained and 'exercised under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty annually to train and exercise a Proposition of His Subjects in England, under certain Regulations, and more esse dually to provide for the Defence of the Realmy and no Officer on the Half Pay of any of His Majesty's Forces, and not actually serving in some Regiment of Miiiti^ or Corps, of Volunteers, shall, by reason of holding any Commission from His Majesty on which he shall receive Half Pay, be exempt frora being ballotted to serve in the Militia under this Act, unless such Person shall have tendered his Service to the Lord Lieutenant or Vice-Lieutenant of the County in which he shall reside, either to serve as an Officer in the Militia or Local Militia, or in some Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or shall be incapable of Service; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII

A.D. 1809; 49° GEO. III. C53. iof

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of If Persons or-

this Act, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants in their re- d^rtel^1be<lraw^ spective Subdivisions, and they are hereby required, at any Time during the Period allowed for ballotting and enrolling Men under this Act, withinio Days, in case any Person ordered to be drawn out and embodied shall have Vacancy shall be made or shall make Default by not appearing, or by Desertion or filled up. Absence from Duty, and shall not be taken within Ten Days from the Time of such Default, Desertion, or Absence, to declare a Vacancy, and forthwith to fill up the same according to the Provisions of the said Act? and this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the# Clerk6 of Subdivision Return of

Meetings shall within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Period Schedules of^allowed for enrolling of any Men in their respective Counties, make Men enrolled m out and return Two Schedules in the Form to this Act annexed, (S^edlile1^ marked (C.) Duplicates, of each other, of the Numbers and Names J

of the Men enrolled in their Subdivision, and also of the Bountiea

received and applied, and Fines paid by Persons ballotted to serve, and shall transmit such Schedules to the Clerk of General Meetings, who shall forthwith transmit one of such Schedules to one of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con- Saving foe

tained shall extend or be construed to extend to the City of London. London.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every County, Hundred, Fines for and Parish, for which the full Number of Men required by this Act Deficiencies an shall not have been enrolled before the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be subject to a Fine of Forty'* Pounds for every Man required to be ballotted and enrolled in such County, Hundred, or Parish remaining deficient.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Colonels or In England, other Commandants of the Regiments of Militia in England shall, at Colonels shall the Expiration of the Period within which the Men required to be transmit to raised under this Act ought to have been enrolled within their respective Counties, transmit to the Justices of the Peace or Magistrates DefirienciL°an4

assembled at the several General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the Sessions*

the respective Counties at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace next after shall assess 4oI«

such Period, Certificates of the Number of Men remaining deficient I*1 Man.

in their respective Regiments under the Provisions of this Act, and the Justices of the Peace or thkMagistrates aflctnbled at such Sessions

shall at such Sessions assess the Penalty of Forty Pounds for each

Private Man so certified to be deficient as aforesaid, and such Assess-

ment shall be forthwith returned by the Clerk of the Peace to His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Colonels or In Scotland, other Commanding Officers of Militia in Scotland shall, immediately Colvnels shal after the Expiration of the respective Periods within which the Num-

bers of Men to be enrolled under this Act in their respective Counties, ciencies to die are required to be completed under the Provisions of this Act, Clerk of Supply, transmit to the Clerk of Supply of the respective Counties to the Militia and the Com-of which they belong, Certificates of the Deficienciesand Vacancies missioners shall that remain to be filled up in their respective Regiments under this ^Tess 4ol# P* Act 5 and such Clerk of Supply shall forthwith summon a Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply, and the Commissioners of Supply assembled at such Meeting shall assess the Sum of Forty Pounds for*

each

k>8

43 G. 3. c. 89. (But fee 4* G. 3. c. 90.)

Cou*t of

Exchftjner in England may fine Counties, &c. in 40l. yer Man for deficiencies.

lilce Tower to Codrt of Exchequer in Scotland*

When Men

raised, Ballot gain suspended to 1 Jan. 1812.

[But fee §3C.]

C. 53. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1?09.a

each Private Man so certified to be deficient as aforesaid, in the Manner directed by an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of Militia Men in Scotland, and such Assessment shall forthwith be transmitted by the Clerk of Supply to His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and all the Powers, Provisions, Clause?, Rules, and Directions, Pams, Penalties, and Forfeitures relating to the making and levying of the AfT Ament directed by the said last recited Act, and the said Act passed in the Forty: second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty relating to the Militia of Scotland\ shall be and are hereby declared to be in full Force for the making'and levying of such Attcffment for not completing the Number of M-n required to be ballotted and eurolled under this Act, as fully as if the same were herein re-eraftd.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the lull Number of Men required to be enrolled for any County, Hundred, or Parish in England, shall not have been so enrolled, it shall be lawful for the Court of Exchequer in England, on Application of His Majesty*a Attorney-General (if it shall lee tit) to grant a Rule, calling upoa the Treasurer of the County, the Chief Constable of the Hundred, or Constable or Overseer of the Poor of any Pan(h in resptft of which such Application shall be made, to shew Caule why such County, Hundred, or Parish resptft.vely should not pay such Sum of Forty Pounds for every Mari lo deficient as aforesaid; and if no sufficient Cause be shewn to the Court within such Time as shall be specified in such Rule, upon such Treasurer, Chief Constable or Constables, or Overseer of the Poor resp^ ftively, then to fine such County, Hundred, or Parish, in reip ft of which such Application shall be made, in such Sum of Forty Pounds per Man for every Man so deficient, and to cause such Fine to be levied by Dislringas or ori er Process applicable to the Nature of the Case, according to the Rules and Praftite of such Court, upon the Chief Constable or Clerk of Subdiviftoo Meetings as to Hundreds, or upon the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish as to the Parishes.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in case the full Number of Men required to be enrolled for any County in Scotland, shall not have been

so enrolled, it shall be lawful for the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, on the Application of His Majesty's Advocate, to make an Order calling upon the Clerk of Supply of the County in respect of which such Application shall be made, to shew Cause why such County, or the Parish or Place therein, in respect ot which such Application shall have been made, shall not pay such Sum of Forty Pounds for every Man so deficient as aforesaid; and if no sufficient Caafe can be shewn to the Court within such Time as shall be specified in such Order, then to fine such County, Parish, or Place, in resptft qF which such Application shall be made, in such Sum of Forty Pounds per Man for every Man so deficient, and to cause such Fine to be levied by such Process as may be applicable to the Nature of the Case, according to the Rules and Practice of such Court.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as all the Men required to be raffed for the Militia of any County under this Act, shall have been raised and enrolled, or at the Expiration

'of the Periods allowed for raisifig Men under this Act, all further

Ballot

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 53.

Ballot and Enrolment of Men in such County shall be suspended, and shall remain so suspepded until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

XXX. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower His Majesty to retain upon full Pay and Allowances, Officers of the Militia

during the War, notwithstanding the Reductiony it is declared, that Hia

Majesty may din.d any Number of Officers and Corporals, serving in

the Militia at the Time of the Reduction of Privates to be retained, although the Number may exceed the Proposition prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and that such Officers shall succeed to Vacancies in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps respectively, according to their respective Ranks: And whereas such a Regulation was not meant to apply to Regiments, Battalions, or Corps where the Quotas of different Counties are united into one

Body, except in so far as regards any Commission granted by the Lord Lieutenant of the County when the Vacancy has taken place Be it therefore enacted, That when any Vacancy has already taken or shall hereafter take place in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps where the Quotas of different Counties are united into one Body, such Vacancy shall not be filled up for the Militia of one County by a Commission from the Lord Lieutenant of another County j but that the Lord Lieutenant of the County where any Vacancy has already taken or shall hereafter take place shall have full Power to nominate a fit Person to supply such Vacancy, any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that any Officer who has been* retained by His Majesty upon Full Pay and Allowances, in consequence of the said Act, shall continue to be so retained and succeed to any Vacancy that may take place where the Commission has been granted by the Lord Lieutenant of the County from whom his Commission was derived.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in making all Apportionment* of Mlicia which shall hereafter be made, either in relation to Hundreds or Parishes, Regard shall be had to the Number of Persons serving in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps and in the Local Militia in such Hundreds and Pariffie9 respectively, and exerppt by reason thereof from serving in the Militia, and to all other Exemptions from serving in the Miiiria, so as that all such Apportionments shall be made on the Numb.rs oi Persons in such Hundreds and P^riffies rtfptd'vely, ?dually liable to be ballotted and to serve in the Militia.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint Two several Periods of Three Days each resp d.ve.y, at any Time after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, (or emitting of Militia Men into His Majesty's Regulars, in addition to the Time and Periods specified in the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament as to any Regiment in which the full Number of Men allowed by the said Act to enlist shall not have enlisted under the Provisions f the said Act into His Majesty's Regular Foroes; and all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions and Authoriks in the said recited Act contained shall apply to such additional P.riods of Enlisting as fully as if the same had been specified in the said recited Act.

XXXIII. Whereas it may facilitate the Training of the Local 1 Militia to allow the Commanding Officers of the Regular Militia to 4 ' discharge.

4$ G. S. c. 9.

Vacant Com* millions in Regiments, when the Quota* of different Counties are united, shall not be filled up for the Militia of one County by a Lord Lieutenant of another, &e.

Apportionment* shall be made cm PerflJns actually liable to Bailot,

Periods allowed for enlisting Militia Men int* the Line, under 49 G. 3.C. 4. §9.

iitf

Colonels of the Regular Militfc

may discharge Men to supply L^eal iMilitia with Serjeants.

Imea of aoT. (fee §13.) and of 40l.

(fee §24.)

shall be paid over to Receiver General in England.

In Scotland, Fines shall be paid to Collector, of Cess, &c.

His Majesty may order Ballot at any Time before 1 June 1810, or alter l 0<ft. 1810, to complete Militia.

4£° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

discharge, if they shall think fit, Men from their respective Regiments

to be employed as Serjeants in the Local Militia of their respective c Counties/ be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Colonels or Commanding Officers of the Regular Militia, at the Request of any Colonels or Commanding Officers of the Local Militia of their respective Counties, to discharge any Number of Serjeants, Corporals, or Private Men serving in their Regiments, to be enrolled and employed as Serjeants in the Local Militia of their respective Counties, so that no greater Proposition shall be so discharged for the Purpose of being enrolled in any Regiment of Local Militia than One Serjeant to every Two hundred Men of which such Regiment of Local Militia shall consist, and the Vacancies occasioned by all such Discharges shall be supplied in like Manner as any Vacancies occasioned by transferring Men into His Majesty's Regular Forces are allowed or required to be filled uo and supplied.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Fines of Twenty Pounds which shall be paid by any Person ballotted and making Default, >shall be paid within Ten Days after the same shall be received, and also ail Fines of Forty Pounds for any Default under this Act, shall be paid within Ten Days after the same shall have been assessed, to the Receiver General of the County, to be by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings, or other Person, who shall retain in his Hands any such Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, or any such Fine of Forty Pounds as aforesaid, for the Space of Seven Days after the Expiration of such Period of Ten Days as aforesaid, shall forfeit double the Amount of the Money so returned, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under this Act or any Act relating to the Militia.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Fines of Twenty Pounds which shall be paid by any Persons ballotted under this Act in Scotland, and making Default, shall within Ten Days after the same shall be received, and also all Fines of Forty Pounds for Deficiencies under this Act, shall within Ten Days after the same fKull have been assessed, be paid respectively to the Collector of the Eels of the County, to be by him accounted for to such Receiver General of Scotland, in the same Manners such Collector of the Gefs accounts for the Land Tax; and every Person and all Persons who shall retain in his or their Hands any such Part or Proposition of any Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, or any such Fine of Focty Pounds as aforesaid, for the Space of Seven Days after the Expiration of such Period of Ten Days as aforesaid, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Money so retained, to be recovered as any Penalty may* be recovered under this Act, or any Act relating to the Militia.

XXXVI. Provided ado, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, at any Time after the passing of this Act, and before the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, if it shall appear to His Majesty to be necessary, for the more speedily completing of the Militia, to order and dirt61 by any Order of His Majesty in Council, that the Ballot for completing the Militia shall commence at any Time to be named in any such Order in Council, any Thing in this Act or the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the raising and enrolling Men by Beat of Drum or otherwise shall either ceaTe or

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 53.

proceed, together with such Bailot, as to His Majesty shall seem fit, and such Sum or Bounty of Ten Guineas shall in such Case be allowed and paid, and applied in resprft of Men ballotted, or Substitutes, in Manner by this Act directed: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty in like Manner to order and dirt 61 that the Militia of any County, which at the Conclusion of the Period allowed by this Act for completing the Militia remains or shall become deficient, shall be completed by Bailot; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and notwithstanding any Suspension of Ballot which may have taken place or may hereafter take place.

XXXVII. And be it further emsted, That where Deputy-Lieu- Justices tenants are by this Act directed or empowered to do any Act, Matter, an(1 or Thing, in or concerning the Execution thereof, the same shall be j good and valid if it be done by any One Deputy-Lieutenant, or in the Absence of any Deputy-Lieutenant, by One Justice of the Peace, except as to all such Matters as are directrd to be done by Deputy Lieutenants acting in the Absence of a Lieutenant, or Vice-Lieutenant, or at any General Meeting, or at any Subdivision Meeting

Provided always, that where One Deputy-Lieutenant only shall be able to attend any Subdivision Meeting it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the Division or District, to fit and aft with such Deputy-Lieutenant, with all such Powers and Authorities relating thereto as are in this Act, or any Act relating to the Militia, given to Deputy Lieutenants.

u Provisions relating to Counties, &c. extended to Ridiners, &c. §38.

Powers of 42 G. 3. c. 90. and c. 91. and all other Militia Acts,

41 extended to this Act. j 39.

XL. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Penalty on of this Act, if any High Constable, or Chief or other Constable, Constables, &e. or any Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings, or Schoolmaster, infuS* or any Commissioned Officer, Adjutant, Quartermaster, or Serjeant in the Militia or Local Militia, shall ensure or take any Money for the*Insurance of, or be in any Way concerned in any Company, Society,

Partnership, or Office for the Insurance of any Person or Persons for the providing any Substitute or Volunteer, or Substitutes or Volunteers, or for the paying or returning any Money for the providing any Substitute or Volunteer, or Substitutes or Volunteers in the Militia, for any Person or Persons who may be ballotted to serve in the Militia, every such High Constable, or Chief or other Constable, or any Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings, or School-, matter, or Commissioned Officer, Adjutant, Quartermaster, or Serjeant as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence One hundred Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Recovery of Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall exceed Twenty Pounds, Penalties shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, seeding 20L at the Suit of His Majesty*8 Attorney-General for England, or Advocate for Scotland, or at the Suit of any Person appointed to sue for the same* by any Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, or Vice-Lieutenants acting for any Lieutenant, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, (as the Case flidi require,) in England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Eff >ign,

a Privilege,

Penalties, not exceeding 20l. may be recovered belore ()ne Jtislice, &c.

Penalty on Witnesses not appearing, 5l.

Form of Couvidrioa.

C. 53. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLII. And be it further ena^cd. That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or Deputy-Lieutenant, rrfiding near the Plnce where any Offence shall be committed again! this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to hear and determine such Offence at any Time within Six Months after the Offence committed, and such Justice of the Peace or Deputy-Lieutenant shall, upon any Information, Exhibit, or Complaint made in that Behalf, summon the Party accus d, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fad, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnef* or Witnessep, to give Judgment for the Penalty or Forfeiture, as by this Act is dirt&*d, and to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to b« made thereof in case they shall hot be redeemed within Four Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to rema»n for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unless such* pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied 5 and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justice or Deputy-Lieutenant, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount or Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture* together with such Colts as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pav such Cods occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Deputy-Lieutenant, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or*Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Deputy-Lieutenant before whom the ProO.cution shall he depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pound, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as is directed as to the other Penalties.

XLIV. And be it further enf&ed, That the Justice or Deputy-Lieutenant before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, muiaiis mutandis; that is to say:

JgE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of Our Lord in the County of ji. B. of was convicted

before me C D. one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace one

of

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. III. C. 53.13

of the Deputy Lieutenants, as the Case may be'] for the said County,

rc tiding near the Place where the Offence was committed* for that the said A.B. on the Day of

ttow last pall* did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case

made and provided; [here state the Offence agatnjl this Act] and I ' do declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of

jCLV. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction Orders and made in England, in pursuance of this Act, by any Lieutenant, De* Convictions shall puty-Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace, shall be removed by Cer- ^m0.veii

tiorari into any Court whatever, and that no Writ or Certiorari shall*eiuoraru supersede Execution, or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had thereupon, any such Writ or Writs notwithstanding; and in like Manner no Sentence, Warrant, or Order of any Deputy Lieutenants or Justice or Justices of the Peace in Scotland, shall be removed into any Court whatsoever by Bill of Advocation or Suspension, or Process of Reduction, or in any other Manner whatsoever, and it shall not be competent to (ift Execution or Procedure upon any such Sentence,

Warrant or Order $ and if any Person shall attempt to do so by Bill of Suspension or otherwise, the same shall be dismissed as incompetent* and such Person shall besubjected in full Expences.

i Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §46.

SCHEDULE (A.)

LIST of Persons enlisted for Militia, between and Day of

Day of

Names of Men. When enrolled. When joined

No Child — or, PlcxeofRefidence one Child. when enlisted.

49 Geo. III.

SCHEDULE

?T4 g*53»S4- 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

SCHEDULE (B.)

LIST of Men volunteered into the Line, and of the Order in which the Vacancies so made are to be supplied, in the County of

No. Names. ran flies. Hundreds. No. Names. Parishes. Hundreds.

I. A.B. G. L. 12.

2. C.D. E. P. 11-

3- E. F. A. M. 14.

4- G. H. r. N.5-

J- l6.

6. n-

7- 18.

8. l9-

9- 20.

10. 21.

n.

SCHEDULE (C.)

SUBDIVISION of County of

Number of Men required to be ballotted

Parishes, Sec. Number required Prin- cipals. SiiMti- tuies. Volunteers. Date of Enrolment. Bounties received. i 1 j Pinespaid Sums paid to a°W 1 by Bal- Receiver-Ge-} lotted neral Or Col- It( 'j Men. leclorol'Cess.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[27th May 1809.]

WHEREAS it may he convenient in the picfrnt Condition of \SteCap. nb.of < the Prisons and Gaols in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, califd Ireland, that of the Prisoners who are now confined therein should be set at Liberty be it therefore enacted, &c.

The several Gaolers in Ireland shall make cut Lists of Prisoners ia their Custody, on id February 1809, and deliver the lame to the first or second Quarter Session alter passing the Act. § I. Oath of u Gaolers on Delivery of Lifts to be administered in open Court. u Lifts shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, and examined gratir. % i §2. Copies of Lifts shall be fixed up in Prisons, before Delivery li to the Sessions. §3. Prisoners in Custody on 1st February 1809, te for Non-payment of Debts not exceeding 1500l. may be discharged u under thj.a Ad., §4. Justice of Peace, on Prisoners delivering

<l Schedules*.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C+$4.

Schedules, may issue Warrants to bring them to the Quarter Sessions. §5. Special Sessions may be held for executing this Act. §6.4 Schedules shall remain with Clerk of the Peace. §7. Debtors intending to apply for Discharge shall give Three Notices in the Dublin Gazette, &c. $ 8. Debtors shall, previous to their first Notice# " deliver Schedules of their Efftft* to Gaolers. §9. Form of Notice. § IO. Debtors proving that Notices have been given, shall in " open Court deliver in Schedules of their Eilifts, and make Oath to their Imprisonment, and to the truth of the Schedule. § I)., c Schedule and Oath to be subscribed by the Debtors. Seffiofls at Request of the Creditor may examine Gaolers on Oath; and if Debtor's Oath is not disprov^d, Sessioos may discharge the Debtor. " §12. All Estates and Effrfts of Debtor so discharged shall be vested in the Clerk of the Peace, who shall afii^n the same to such Creditors as the Court shall direct, in trull to get in the Effects and make Dividends thereof, &c. §13. Notice of the making Dividends to be given. Creditors for Annuities payable at any future Time, may receive Dividends as under a Commission of Bankruptcy. §14. All Estates of Debtors whatever, though not inserted in the Schedule, shall be* vested in the Clerk of the Peace. §15. 4f Holders of Securities without Consideration shall not be entitled to any Dividend. §16. Estates shall continue vested in the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being. §17. Aflirnees shall not bring Suita in Law or Equity without Consent of Majority of Creditors. §18. Schedules shall be produced by Clerks of Peace to Creditors. The Debtor's Right alone shall be affected by this Act. §19. Mort- gages shall take place of Claims of an inferior Nature. } 20. Power of leafing Lands, &c. vested in the AHIgnees. §21. Oaths of Gaolers as to Custody and Conduct of Debtors, if required by Creditors. §22, 23. If the Person delivering in Lfl was not Gaoler 14 on the hril Day of February he (bail take the following Oath. Pc-41 nalties on Gaoler and Printer of Gazette or Newspaper not complying with the Regulations of this Act, 10: /. §24. Punishing Gaolers for Perjury, 500l. half to the Informer and half to the Creditors. §25. Penalty on Clerk of the Peace not giving Copie* of Adjudication of Discharges, &c. 20l. §26. Debtors falsely swearing shall suffer as for wilful Perjury. §27. Debtors discharged shall not be liable to be imprisoned for any Debts due prior to lit February 1809. §28. Prisoners shall remain charged with Debts become due after said ill February 1809. §29. Act may be pleaded to any Action of Escape, See. $30. Act may be pleaded generally by Prisoners. Act not to extend to Attoroiesor Servants# Agents, &c. embexzling Money. §31. Act shall not extend to Person8 obtaining Money or Goods on false Pretences. §32. Nor to Prisoners remanded to Prison under former Insolvent Acts for fraudulently obtaining Money, &c. §33. Nor to Persons charged 41 in Execution for Damages recovered in any Action.for Criminal Conversation, &c. or any malicious Injury. §33, Nor to Person* 41 removing Effects of the Value of 20l. liable to be distrained for Rent. $ 34. Nor to Persons felling or sfligning Effects to defraud Creditors. j 35. Penalty or Gaolers not permitting Prisoners to be spoken with, or Entry in the Books of the Prison to be seen#

11 §3& Penalty on Gaoler for making false Entries, 59q/. §37. 41 Debtors refuting to discover the Creditor detaining the m# or to appear

uS

A A shall not to

Debtors of the Oown, or Oiftnders a^ai oll Revenue Laws.

C-54iS?* 40° GEO. in A.D. 1809.

pear to act, Creditor, excluded the Benefit of this Act. §38.

t Prisoners in Custody for Prison Fees discharged. §39.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to discharge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Act, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Person for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps, or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Publick Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Publick Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's said Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps, or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Publick Revenue, unless any Three of the Lord* Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being shall certify their Consent under their Hands to the said Justices at their said Sessions or Adjournment thereof for the Discharge of such Prisoner as aforesaid. ff Determination of Justices shall be final, unless the Debtor gets rid " of the Objections to his Discharge. §41. Estates of which Prisoners are seised in Tail shall be delivered up to their Creditors* €X without Fine, &c. $ 42. Assignees may apply to two Justices of €t Peace for further Examination of Debtors, who on Refusal to ap«. " pear may be committed. §43. Fraudulent Discharges declared cr void. §44. Assignees, with Con fen t of the Majority in Value of Creditors, may compound Debts and submit Disputes to Arbi-" tration. §45. Penalty on Persons concealing Debtor's Estates,* 100l. and double Value for Benefit of the Creditors. §46. If Assignees die, others may be chosen. $ 47. Courts on Complaint 41 may remove Assignees. §48. Where mutual Credit has been given, " Balance shall be stated. §49. Persons in Custody for Contempt in ie not paying Monies, Coftfi, &c. shall be entitled to the Benefit of* this Act. §50. And also Persons imprisoned by Courts of Con-u science. § ji. No Persons having taken the Benefit of an Insolvent 4i Act within Five Years shall be entitled to Relief under this Act. €t §52. Affirmation of Quakers may be taken. $ 53. Insolvent, tl on releasing his Interest in the Residue of his Estate, shall be a u good Witness. §54.

CAP. LV.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England, and an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and for appointing other Commissioners together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C55. 'lij

Parliament for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, also the said Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Acts.

[27th May 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to rectify Mistakes made in the naming or describing of Persons appointed Commissioners by

an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act 4SG.3. c. 102. 4 for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Persons and Offices in England, and an Act made in the "Thirtyeighth Tear [J8 <7.3. c. 5.J 4 of His present Majesty for granting an Aid to His Majesty. by a Land 1 TaXy to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty and there may be Occasion to

+appoint other Persons to put in Execution the said Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and also an Act of this Session of Parliament,

1 intituled An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malty 49 G. 3. c. 1.

4 Sugary Tobacco and Snuffiy in Great Britain, and on Pensions, Offices,

and Personal Estates, in England, for the Service of the year One thousand eight hundred and nine; may it therefore please Your Majesty,

that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and Commissionee| respective Persons herein after named, shall and may and are hereby appointed, empowered and authorised to put in Execution the said Act?, and all

the Clause9, Powers, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained, aa Commissioner3 in and for the several and respective Counties and Places of Great Britain, herein after severally and respectively mentioned and exprtfled, as if they had been named with the other Commissioners in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and properly described therein; (that is to say.)

[Then follows the Lift of Names for the several Places.]

And no Mistake in the Spelling of the Christian or Surname of any Mistakes in the Person, or of any Place, mentioned in the said Act of the last Session Names shall not of Parliament, or this Act, shall be co.nftrued to vitiate the Ap- vitiate the Appointment of such Person to he a Commissioner, so that the Person or PointIBent,

Place mentioned be designated therein to common Intent and Understanding; or to subject any Person so designated to any Pains, Penalty, or Forfeiture, for his acting in the Execution of the Acts herein mentioned.

Persons appointed by recited Act or this Act shall have the Qua- lifications required by 38 G. 3. c. 5. and 38 G. 3. c. 48. — §2.

Qualified Persons in Cities, &c. rated to the Duty on PenGons,

Sec. may ad as Commissioners. §3. Persons not properly named,

or whose Names have been omitted, who may have acted a« Com-

I 3 44 mi^ioncr81

General ifilitia Act for Ireland.

[49 G. 3. C. 120.]

45 G. 3. c. 53. §61.

" missioners, shall be indemnified: and all Act dene by them shall be u valid. §4.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for completing the Militia of Ireland.

[3d June 1809.]

*' Recital of 49 G. 3. c. 5. Number equsl to Two-fifths of the r' Establishment of the Militia in Ireland shall be raised within Twelve " Months. Establishment of augmented Regiments shall remain as under G. 3. c. 33. and of the others as under General Militia Ad

ail above shall be considered as Supernumeraries. §1. Men shall be raised by volunteering. Lord Lieutenant shall give Directions to the Calonels and the Treasury as under G. 3. c. 33. and all the Powers of that Act shall be applied in Execution of this Act.

Bounty shall not exceed SI. Sr. Oaths of Volunteers so raised shall be the same as that of Substitutes. §2. Further Sum of One Guinea 41 per Man may be advanced to the Colonel for Expences of procuring " Men; but no Part thereof shall be paid to the Volunteers. §3, 4.

M Men may be required by Lord Lieutenant to be raised by Bailot,

41 and in such Cate they shall be raised as under exiiling Acts relating to Irish Militia. §5. General Meetings of the Governors, &c. in 41 each County, witmn Ten Days after Lord Lieutenant's Order, shall appoint the Number of Men for each Subdivision, &c. $ 6. Bounty to ballotted Men and Substitutes shall be paid under Regulations of Lord Lieutenant. §7. Colonels shall fend Monthly to Lord Lieutenant's Chief Secretary, and to Clerk of Annual Meetings,

Lifts of Men enrolled. §8. Fine of 30l. on Counties for every Man deficient at the End of Twelve Months after passing this Act

on Certificate of Deficiency by Colonels to Treasurers of Counties,

which shall be laid before the Judges of Assize; and the Fine levied by the Treasurer's Order of the Court. §9. Treasurer shall pay Money levied toColhftors of Excise. §10. Counties shall not be 41 charged for any Men raised under this Act within Twelve Months after the passing of this Act. All former Acts shall remain in force,

41 except as expressly altered by this Act. §11. After August 1, 1810,

Two further Periods may be appointed for eniitting ot Militia Men into the Regulars. §12. £See 49 G. 3. c. 5; §3.) Act may be repealed or altered this StfTiaai. §13.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for improving the Quality of Beer in Ireland, by further preventing the Use of unmalted Corn, or of any deleterious or unwholesome Ingredients therein, and for the better securing the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland and regulating the Trade of a Maltster

4 it is amongil other Things enacted, That in every Case where the Stock of Malt in the Pufitffion of any Maltster, or of any Factor or Dealer in Malt, or of any Brewer or Distiller, shall be less than the Quantity of Malt which by the Stock Account kept by any Officer

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 57. V9

of Excise ought to be in the Possession of such Malt ster, Factor,

' Dealer, Brewer, or Distiller, every such Person shall for every such

Time such Decrease shall appear, forfeit the Sum of Fifteen Shil-f lings for every Barrel of Malt which shall so appear to be deficient

Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every such Person shall, for every Time such Dc- Penalty on

crease shall appear, forfeit the Sum of Thirty Shillings for every undup Decrease

Barrel of Malt which shall so appear to be deficient, instead of the of Malt 3o«. per

said Sum of Fifteen Shillings in the said Act mentioned: Provided always, that whereas by reason of the Quantiry of Malt being taken in

account of by the Officer according to the Gauge, and being fold or

used or consumed by such Maltster, Factor, Dealer, Brewer or Distiller,

in Buffiels or Barrels, according to the Weight thereof, Detic'encics

may anse between such Stock Account and the aduai Quantity of

Malt in Store, no Malrfter, Factor, Dealer, Brewer, or Distiller,

/hall be liable to such Penalty of Thirty Shillings per Barrel in any Case where such Decrease shall not exceed the Proposition of one Barrel of Malt for every Twenty Barrels of the whole Quantity in which such Decrease shall appear, unless in Case3 where Fraud or Intention of Fraud shall appear; any Thing in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the 4 8 G. a. c. 79. Forty^eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act £ b. repealed in to amend the T<we A Els for the collecting of the Malt Duties in Ireland, Purl*

and regulating the Trade of a Maltster, as enacts that no Place which shall have a Communication by internal Doors with, or shall be adjoining to

that Part of any Distillery or Brewery where any Keeve or other

Vessci for maffiing shall be kept, shall be registered as a Store for

keeping of Malt, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that No Mash Keeve

from and after the Day of passing this Act, no Mash Keeve, nor shall heregiltered

any Pait or Piace of any Distillery or Brewery where ady M (h Keeve a Malt Store.

shall be kept, shall be entered or registered as a Store for keeping of Malt by any Brewer or Distiller in Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration Penalty on

of Ten Days alter the Day of passing of this Act, if ar.y Worts which Worts not being shall have been drawn off from the M-(h Keeve more than Twenty- 24

four Hours, shall be found in the Possession of ary Brewer, dr in the forfeiture and licensed Brewery of such Brewer, or in the Stores thereto belonging, j0ol. not mixed with or in which there shall not be infused Hops in Quantity Efficient to make the same into Beer, All, or Porter, allTuch Worts (h: ll be forfeited and may be seized, and such Brewer shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration Penalty on of Ten Days after the Day of passing of this Act, no Brewer or Brewers felling Brewers, or Person or Persons lictnfed to brew Strong Beer, Porter, Walh 5001. &c. Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, shall give, fell, or in any Manner dif-

pose of any Worts, or Pot Ale, to any Person or Persons whatsoever 5 and in case any such Brewer or Brewtrs, or Person or Persons so licensed, shall at any Time givi, fell, or in ar.y Manner dispose of any Worts, or Pot Ale, to ary Person or Persons whatsoever, such Brewer or Brewers, or Person or Persons so giving, felling, or in any Manner disposing of the same, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred

14 Pounds;

*20

Malt shall not be removed from Malt Stores into Mill or Ifrewery without Permit.

5'*v, For-

and 40l.

If Brewers* Licence shall become forfeited, no fresh Licence shall be granted without increased Security.

C. 57. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Pounds; and any Licence granted to such Brewer or Person shall thereupon be and become tpfo faBo void, and such Brewer shall be considered as unlicensed, and )iab: etoali such Penalties and Forfeitures as Persons brewing Strong Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, without having a License for that Purpose in force, shall be liable to by any Act or A6\s in force iwr Ireland for that Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of passing of this Act, n*Mait shall at any Time be removed from or out of the Stores, or ether Room or Place of any Brewer or Person licensed to brew Strong Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, or shall be brought or conveyed into the Mill, Brewery, or Mash Kceve, of such Brewer o- Person without a Permit for the same; and that the Brewer or Person applying for such Permit, shall in his or their Request Note for obtaining the same, (fate the Day and Hour of the Day on which such Brewer or Person intends to begin to ma(h or brew the Malt so to be removed 5 and in case any Quantity of Malt, ground or unground, whether in any Process of brewing or not, shall be found in the Mill, Brewery, or Mash Keeve of such Brewer or Person so licensed, and a Pctmit for removing the same into such Mill, Brewery, or Ma(h Keeve, shall not on Demand of any Officer of Excise be produced, or Proof made to such Officer that such Permit had been granted for such Malt, and that such Permit was afterwards loft or mistaid, or if any such Malt shall be found in Process of brewing or mashing, or wetting before the Time specified in the Request Note for such Permit, in either of such Cases all such Malt shall be forfeited and may be seized, and such Brewer or Person shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, and every such Permit shall from Time to Time be delivered by such Brewer or Person, or his Servant, to the Surveyor or other Officer of Excise in Charge of the Mait Stores of such Brewer or Person, within Twelve Hours after the Expiration of the Time for which such Permit shall be in force, or at any Time within such Twelve Hours, on Demand thereof made by such Officer; and if such Permit shall not be delivered to such Officer accordingly, such Brewer or Person shall forfeit for every Negied Twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that the Licer-fe of any Person licensed to brew Strong Beer, Po.ter, Ale, or Small Beer for S«le, shall become forfeited or void by reason of any Offence against this Act, or any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such Brewers, or to the brewing or making of Strong Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, no future JLicenfe shall be granted to such Person, nor to any other Person to brew in the same Brewery, unless such Person so to be licensed ffcali have first entered into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty ot One thousand Pounds, (that is to say), the Person licensed in Five hundred Pounds, and Two Sur^tfrs in Two hundred and fifty Pounds each, such Sureties to be approved of by the Commissioner^ of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or by some Person to be by them authorised in that Behalf, and such Bond to be conditioned that such Person so licensed shall in all Things well and truly conform to and obey the Laws in force in Ireland relating to Persons licensed to brew Strong Beer, Ale, or Porter for Sale, and shall not in any Particular transgress any Act or Acts of Parliament with respect to Persons so lictnled, or with respect to the brewing or making of Strong Beer,

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 57. W

Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, or any Clause, Matter, or Thing whatever in any such Act or Acts of Parliament, which are or shall be in force at the Time of the granting or during the Continuance of any such License; and in case it shall happen, that any Persons so licensed shall a second Time offend, and such Licence shall be a second Time forfeited, such Person shall be incapable of receiving a Licence for the Space-of Three Years from the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing the Time of the Forfeiture of such Licence, and no Licence shall after such second Offence be granted to any Person whatever to brew in the Brewery of the Party so offending, until the Expiration of Three Years from the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing such second Forfeiture of such Licence, nor unless the r Person licensed to brew in such Brewery shall enter into a Bond in the Penalty of Two thousand Pounds, (that is to say), the Person licensed in One thousand Pounds, and Two Sureties in Five hundred Pounds each, to be approved of, and such Bond to be conditioned as immediately herein before directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Commissioners of Permits may be Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, on Application made to them for

that Purpose by any Brewer, and on Affidavit made by such Brewer sold by Brewers, of the Circumstances under which be shall be desirous to fell any Malt which he is not authorised by Law to fell, shall think it fitting and expedient that such Brewer should be allowed to fell such Malt, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by an Order under their Hands, to direct that a Permit shall be granted for the Removal of such Malt; and such Permit shall be granted, and such Malt shall and may be removed accordingly, any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Brewer shall not be liable to any Penalty, nor shall such Malt be liable to Seizure or Forfeiture on account of such Sale.

VIII. And, to prevent Brewers from using Brewing Coppers or For regillering Coppers in their Cooperages as Stills, be it enacted, That from and Coppers, Math after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of passing this Act, £uns an<*

no Licence shall be given or granted to any Person to brew Strong peeves, m

00 j n ftt'pweritti

Beer, Porter, A'e, or Small Beer for Sale, unless the Party applying for such Licence shall have previously entered and registered in the Excise Office of the District, every Brewing Copper and every other Copper of any Sort whatever which such Person shall have in his Brewery or Premises, whether for brewing or for fealding or (teaming Calks or otherwise, and also every Maffi Tun and Keeve in any such Brewery or Premises, describing in the said Entry or Register the Contents of all and every such Copper or Coppers, and also describing for what Purpose they arc or shall be used, and whether the same or any of them are Steam-tight or not, and in like Manner describing the Contents and Dimensions of every such M^ffi Tun or Keeve; and in case any Person so licensed shall at any Time during the Continuance of such Licence, make any Alteration in any Copper, Ma(h Tun, or Keeve so registered, or shall erect or set up any new Copper* Maffi Tun, or Keeve, such Person shall §nake a like Entry and Registry of such Alteration, or of such Copper, Maffi Tun, or Keeve so newly erc-dted, in the said Excise Office; and in case any Person so licensed shall use or have in his or her Brewery or Premises, any Copper or Coppers, or Maffi Tun or Keeve not so entered and registered, or other than such as shall be entered and registered as aforesaid, every

12*

PTty * Brewers u/wg nwrr.altrd Corn. First Offence 3001.

SccomI OfipKe 50oL &e.

For r#gilterin£ Barley Stores in Bfewerita.

.57, 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and if any Copper in the Brewery or on the Premises of any Person so licensed shall be used for any Purpose of Disttllation, every fu?h Copper, and all the Contents thereof, and all and every other VtlLl and Uunfil in the Brewery or Prerrifes of such Person, shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Licence of such Person shall be and become null 3nd void; and if any Mash Tun or Keeve, or other Vessel not so entered or registered, shall be found in use for the Purpose of making Malt, or containing any ground Malt, every such Mash Tun, Keeve, or other Vessel, and the Contents thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Days after the passing of this Act, no Brewer or other Person or Persons in Ireland making or pro ft fling to make Betr, Ale, Porter, or Small Beer for Sale, shall use any raw or unmalted Corn in the brewing or making of any Beer, Ale, Porter, or Small Beer for Sale, or in the making or preparing of any Liquor to imitate or to resemble, or to be mixed with, or to be used, fold, or disposed of or delivered as or for Beer, Ale, Porter, or Small Beer, nor shall any Brewer or other Person or Persons in Ireland fell, dispose of, fend, or deliver, or cause to be sold, disposed of, sent, or delivered to any Person or Persons whatever, as or for Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer, any Liquor made or prepared from raw or unmalted Corn, or in the making whereof any raw or unmalted Corn shall have been used 5 and if any Brewer or other Person in Ireland, shall at any Time use any raw or unmahed Corn in the brewing or making of any Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, or in the brewing, making, or preparing any Liquor which shall be afterwards fold, disposed of, or delivered as or for Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer, every such Brewer or other Person shall for the first Offence forfeit the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds ? and for the second and every subsequent Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; one half of the said Forfeitures to be paid to the Informer; and upon Conviction for the third Offence therein, the Licence of such Person as a Brewer shall be null and void; and all Liquor so made or prepared from raw or unraalted Corn in the Brewery or Stores of any such Brewer or other Person or Persons in Ireland, brewing Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, or professing so to do, together with every Copper, Cooler, Back, Tun, Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil whatsoever in which any such Liquor Stall be contained, or which shall have been made use of or employed for or in the Brewery, making or preparing such Beer, Porter, Alt, or Small Beer for Sale as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise in Ireland,

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Days after the passing of this Act, every Person or Persons licensed to brew Strong Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, who shall have any Malthouse adjoining to or connested, or communicating with his Brewery, shall enter and register at the Excise Office of the District, every Store Room and Place belonging to such Malthouse, in which Barley, or Grain called Bere or Big shall be deposited, and that no Store for Barley or Grain called Bere or Big shall in any Case be adjoining to or connected with, or be open by Means of any Door or Doorway immediately to the Place in such Brewery where any Malt shall be wetted or mashed, or any Worts shall be boiled, cooled, or

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III., 0.57* M3

hopped; and all Barley or Grain called Bere or Big, which shall be found in any Part of such Brewery or Malthouse, other than in such Room or Place so registered, and so separate and apart from such Brewery, shall be forfeited and may be feezed, and the Person or Persons in whose Stores, Custody or Possession such Barley or Grain called Bere or Big shall be found, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That frofh and after Ten Days For registering after the passing of this Act, every Person or Persons licensed to Oat Store* in brew as aforesaid, shall in like Manner enter a d register in the Breweries. Excise Office of the District, every Store Room and Place in which

Oats shall or may at any Time be deposited, and that no such Store Room or Piace shall be adjoining to or connected with, or be open by means of any Door or Doorway immediately to the Piace where any Malt shall be wetted or mashed, or any Worts shall be boiled, cooled, or hopoed \ and any Oats which shall be found in the Possession of any such Person or Persons, in any other Piace than a Store or Place so registered, shall be forfeited and may be seized; and such Person or Persons in whose Custody, Store or Possession, such Oats shall be found, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Days Raw Corn after the passing of this Act, no Brewer or other Person in Ireland or H making or professing to make Ale, Beer, Porter, or Small Beer, shall {biUbT*" have in his or her Brewery, or in any Part of the Premises connected forfeited, with his or her Brewery, any raw or unmalted Corn ground or

bruised, and that all raw or unmalted Corn ground or bruised, which shall be found in such Brewery or Premises, together with all Sacks,

VesscU or Packages in which such raw Corn ground or bruised shall be contained, and all Carts, Drays, and other Carriages on which such raw Corn or unmalted C >rn belonging to such Brewer or Person, grouud or bruised, shall be found in the Course of Conveyance, and all Horses attached to every such Cart, Dray or other Carriage, shall be forfeited, and may be respectively seized by any Officer or Officers of the Excise.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Days penalty fog after the passing of this Act, no Brewer or other Person in Ireland using Drugs 5a shall use any Sugar Water, Distillers' Spent-wash, Sugar, Melasses, brewing, 100L Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indicus, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, or any Ingredient whatsoever, which shall possess any deleterious or unwholtfome Quality, in the making or brewing

of any Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer; and if any Brewer or other Person shall use any such Ingredients in the brewing or making of any Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer, every such Brewer or other Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and all JLiquor in the brewing of which any such Sugar Water,

Distlllen^, Spent-wash, Sugar, MclafTes, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indicue, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepp r, Opium, or any Ingredient which shall polfefs any deleterious or unwholesome Quality shall have been used, and all such Sugar Water, Distilkrs* Spent-wash,

Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indicus, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, or Ingredient, in the Brewery or Stores of every such Brewer or other Person, together with every Copper,

Cooler, Back/ Tun, Vat or other Vessel in which any such Lquor,

Material

Colouring for porter.

Bounty to Retailers of Beer to he difrontiimed,

4" G7a. c. 50.

§ r,

46 G. 3. C. 64.

§ 8.

Powers of 4S G. 3. c. 53. applied to this Act:

C. 57- # 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809

Material, or other Ingredient shall be contained, or which shall have been made use of or employed for brewing such Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Bttr as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized or fpilied and destroyed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any Porter Brewer from using any Article known by the Name of Criourin?, provided that the same (had be made or pieparea from burnt S"gar only, ard reduced to a bitttr Liquid by the Infuliofi of Water; and if any Brewer shall use in the brewing of Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer, any Extra# from Sugar not of the aforesaid Description, or a^y Colouring pofftfling any deleterious or unwholesome Quality whatsoever, such Beer, Ale, Porter, or Small Bier, and such Extra# from Sugar and Colourings which shall be found in the Brewery or Stores of such Brewer, shall be forfeited, as?d shall and may be seized or fp lied and dcdroved, and all Vessels in which the same shall be contained shall be forfeited and may be seized, and such Brewer shall also for every such Offence forfeit the Suip of One hundred Pounds.

XIV. And whereas the Allowances made by Law to Person* retailing Beer, Porter, or Ale, are not necessary to be continued longer than until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One Thousand eight Hundred and nine, be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person licensed to sell Spirituous L; quora, Wine, Beer, A!e and Cyder by Retail, in the Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford or Limerick, to require, demand or receive any Certificate from the Commissioners of Excise, for the Purpose of claiming any Bounty in respect of any Quantity of Strong Beer or Ale, that such Person may have sold by Rttail in the Year ending the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, or within any fobfiquent Year and that it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to give or grabt any such Certificate, cor for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland to pay any Bounties to any such Persons in respect of any Quantity of Strong Beer or Alt sold by f«ich Person by Retail within the said Year, or within any subsequent Year, any Thing in an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder by Retail, and for discouraging the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, or in an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped VHum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be recovered, levied, and applied in such Manner as is directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster, with respect to Penalties and Forfeitures under the said recited Act, and that all the Powers, Clauses, Provisions, Rules and Regulations contained in the said recited Act, or in any Act or Acts for amending the same, shall be applied in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Clauses, Provisions, Rules and Regulations were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and that

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 57, 58. »2S

the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed together as one Ad, so far as the same are confident and compatible with each other, and as the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year is altered and amended by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts in Force at the Time of the passing of this Act.

Act may be altered this Session. §16.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to explain and render more effectual an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland9in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly So* hi fit Act,

cieties, reciting that several benevolent and charitable Initiations 36 G. 3. c.

and Societies had been formed in Ireland, for the Purpose of relieving by voluntary Subscriptions and Benefactions the Widows, Orphans, and Families of the Clergy, both of the established Church and Dissenters, and others in distrefTed Circumstances; certain Regulations were made for the Benefit of such of the said Charitable Institutions and Societies as should procure the Rules for f the Distribution and Management of their Funds, to be presented to the Justices of the Peace at any Quarter St fiions to be holden within the Time limited in the said Act: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Benefits of the said Act to such Charitable Ioftitutions and Societies, for the Purposes aforesaid, as may have omitted to register their Rules for the Distribution and Management of their Funds, within the Time limited by the said recited Act; and also to such Charitable Institutions and Societies for the Purposes aforesaid, as have been instituted since the said recited Act, or may here*

after be instituted \y Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and AH Friendly after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Mem- ?^ietlej ., bers of any Charitable Institution or Society, which, at any Time b

before the parting of the said recited Act or this Act, shall have been puffing the established, or which at any Time after the passing of this Act shall recited Act may and may be established in that Part of the United Kingdom called frame Rules for Ireland for the Purposes aforesaid, to frame good and wholtfofne Rules, lhe Management Orders, and Regulations, for the Management and Distribution of of their und, # their Funds, and such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, from Time to Time to amend and alter, and to make new Rules a3 occasion shall require, and aS shall appear necessary to the Majority of the said Societies respectively at their regular Publick Meetings, or any Adjournment thereof, so as such Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall not be repugnant to the Laws i» force in Ireland, or to any of the express Provisions' or Regulations of the said recited Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Rules, Or- Such Rules (M ders, and Regulations, shall be exhibited in Writing under the S': gna> be submitted to ture of the Chairman, President, Moderator, or Register of such So. lhe ^uarter.cieties

12(5

Sessions, who may confirm them*

Societies, whose Rules shall be so confirmed, shall be entitled to the Benefit Of xeciied Act.

funds of the Societies shall be applied to the furpofcsof the Bofletfia only.

C. 58.^ 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

defies respectively, with all convenient Soeed after the same shall have been made, altered, or amended, to thr Assistant Barrister and Just cea of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, in and for the County, County of a Cry, or County of a Town where such Charitable Institution or Society shall be respectively established; and such Rules, Orders, and Regulation* shall be subj-d to the Review of such A Aidant Barrister and Justices; and in case such Rules, Orders, ard Regulations shaft be found upon Examination by the said AfiHant Barrister and Justice*, either at the then or the then next iubttquenc S-fiion to c. n'aia nothing repugnant to the Laws of this Realm, or the exprest Provision of the said recited Act, such Asti l?nt Barrister and Justices shall and may, and they are hereby autSoriz-d, empowered, and required to order the C'erk of the Peace to fi^n the same, and to file a Duplicate of such Rules, Orders, and Regulatons, and to deposit the lame with the Rolls of said S^fli ms, in like Manner as is required by the said recited Act in other like Cases; And in case it shall happen that any such Charitable Institution or Society shall consist of Members residing in more Counties than one, then and in such Case all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations may and shall be confirmed and registered as aforesaid by the Assistant Barrister and Justices in and for the County in which such Society shall be established, or in any other County feieded for that Purpose by such Society, and wherein any of the Members of such Society shall reside.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Charitable Societies or Institutions for the Purposes aforesaid, whose Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall at any Time after the passing of this Act be so approved and filed as herein diredrd, shall be entitled to the Benefit of the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid, and of all the Clauses and Provifmns in the said Act contained, in relation to the Appointment of a Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, and to the taking Security from such Treasurer, and to the lending of any Part of the Capital Stock or Fund of such Societies or Institutions on Publick or Private Securities, and to the proteding, securing, transferring, or recovering the fame> and the said recited Act shall extend and be construed to extend to all such Charitable Institutions and Societies with relation to the several Matters before mentioned, as fully as if the same were repeated and re-en?ded in this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be law. fulforany Treasurer or other Officer entrusted with Monies belonging to any such Charitable Society or Institution for the Purposes aforesaid, to apply or appropriate any Part thereof under any Pretext what, ever, to any Uses or Purposes other than the Payment of the An. imitie9 to the Widows, Orphans, or Families of deceased Members of such Chrritable Societies or Institutions entitled to the same, excepting only such reasonable Salary for his Trouble and Expep.ce attending the Management of the Funds of any such Charitable Society or Institution respectively, as shall be allowed to such Treasurer or Officer in the regular Settlement of his Accounts, with the Members, Tnjftees, or Governors thereof; and that any Surplus remaining in the Hands of any Person being such Treasurer or other Officer, after paying the Annuities and deduding the Salary and Expences of Management as aforesaid, shall be added to and accounted for as Part of the Capital Stock or Fund of the Charitable Society or Institution

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 58, 59, 60.

respectively, of which such Person shall be Treasurer or Officer respectively.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to permit the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America to be carried on in Ships or Vessels belonging to the Inhabitants of the said States.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit the Importation, into Great Britain, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the*Growth, Production, and Manufacture of the United States of*America, directly from thence in Ships or Vessels belonging to the*Subjects of those States Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Tha: it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain directly from any*of the Territories of the United States of America, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce, and Manufactare of any of the said United States, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from Foreign Countries, in Ships or Vessels built in the Countries belonging to the United States of America, or any of them, or in Ships or Vessels taken by any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to the Government or any of the Inhabitants of the said United States having Commissions or Letters of Marque and Reprisal from the Government of the said United States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the said United States, of which Condemnation Proof shall be given to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or any Four or more of them, in England or Scotland respectively, and owned by the Subjects of the said United States, if any of them, and whereof the Mailer and Three-fourths of the Mariners at lead are Subjt&s of the said United States; and to enter and land such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, on Payment of such Duties as are or may be payable on Articles of the like Description when imported into Great Britain in Ships or Vessels^not bting British-built; any Thing contained in an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation. or in any other Act or Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LX.

An Act for allowing the Importation from any Port in Europe or Africa, of Goods or Commodities the Growth or Produce of any Country, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, during the Continuance of Hostilities, to allow the Importation of Goods or Commodities, under certain Circumstances, from Parts of Africa or Europe, from whence they cannot now be imported by Law Be it therefore

4

127

American Goods may be imported into Great Britain in American Vessels, on like Duties as if imported in Ship not British-built,

J2 Car. 2. e. Iff.

By Order of

Council, during Hostilities, &c. Goods, the

Produce of any Country, may be

fa8

imported into the United Kingdom, from any Part of Europe or Africa, in British r Friendly Ships, however mvigated.

Importation* under former Orders of Council valid.

C. 6o, 6r. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be Lawful, under any Order of Council already issued or to be issued, to import into the United Kingdom from any Part of Europe or Africa in any Britjb Ship or Vessel, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Country in Amity with His Majesty, in any Manner navigated, any Goods or Commodities which may be lawfully imported, being the Growth or Produce of any Country, upon Payment of the same Duties, and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the same would be subject to if imported directly from the Place of the Growth or Produce of such Goods or Commodities respectively, in the same Ships or Vessels respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Importation of Goods or Commodities from any Part of Europe or Africa> under any Order of Council which has already issued, and which would have "been warranted by this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be good in Law, in the same Manner as if such Order had been issued in pursuance of this Act, any Act or Acts now in force to the contrary notwithstanding.

Sugar and Coffee of Martinique, &c. liable to Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for making Sugar and Coffee of Martinique and Mariegalante liable to Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Islands of Martinique and Mariegalante in the West Indies have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms, and are now in His Majesty's Possession; in consequence whereof the Trade of the said Islands is now by Law to be carried on in the same Manner as the Trade of the other British Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies: And whereas it is expedient at present that Sugar and Coffee, the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the said Islands, should not be permitted to be imported into this Kingdom upon the same Terms as Sugar and Coffee of the British Plantations 5' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sugar and Coffee, the Growth, Product on, or Manufacture of the Islands of Martinique and Mariegalante^ imported into this Kingdom, shall be subject to the Payment of such Duties, and also to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are by Law imposed and provided, in the Case of Importations of Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary now withstanding. 6

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 62.' tzg

CAP. LXII.

An Act to amend several Acts for the Prevention of Smugglings for better securing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders; and for permitting the Exportation of Salt, Pepper, and Wine from Guernsey or Jersey to Sark, in small Packages.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Officers of the Customs and Excise, and other Persons authorised to make Seizures, are frequently prevented from seizing Goods subject to Forfeiture, with which Ships, Vessels, and Boats may have been laden, by reason of the same having been thrown overboard during the Chace; and if such Ships are found light, or the Goods are not afterwards discovereej and seized, the Persons on board are not liable to be arrested and detained under the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth

Year of His present Mtj^fty, intituled An Act for the more eJjeBuat 4jGr, 3. c. XS|£

Prevention of Smuggling: And whereas it is expedient in certaim cases tp make Provision for the Arrest and Detention of Persons on board such Ships, Vessels, and Boats, and for rewarding the Officer*

4 by whom such Persons are so arrested and detained; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, arfd Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever any Sh*p, Vessel, or Boat, belonging in th^ Ever* Person Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, for which the Owdej; (not a Passenger) or Owners thereof are required to have a Licence for navigating the on hoard British same from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Com- Vessels required missioners of the Admiralty far the Time being, or other Person| tobehcerfedby duly authorised t6 grant the same, shall be found or discovered to have so, md withiiuhe been within Four or Eight Leagues of such Part of the Coasts of Limits herein Great Britain or Ireland respectively, as are in any Act or Acts ojf mentioned, from Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this As which any Part described and specified as to such respective Didances of Four cy Eight Leagues, or found in any Part of the British or Irish Channel^, overboard, ^haH or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any forfeit toil. c. Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, and any Person or Persons on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall, at any Time during the Chace, or previous to such Ship, Vessel, or Boat being takep Possession of, within any or either of such Limits or Distance Yforefaicj* unship, or throw overboard the Cargo, or any Part of the Catfgo, un>-less through any unavoidable Nectffity or Distress, or for the Security or Preservation of the Ship, Vessel, ' or Boat from the Dangers of thp Seas, such Ship, Yeffei, or Boat being then laden with a legal Cargq, every Person or Persons found on board being a Subject or Subjects of His Majesty, and who shall not prove that he was only a Passengqr on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Act or rtlating to the Revenue of Customs or'ExciJe in the United Kingdom; and it shall be lawful for the Officer or And may bj dealt Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or E$- "sG/S/c* isT* cife, by whom such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be seized, and lie |.fYand*'and they is and are hereby authorised^ empowered, and required to; 47 G.a. ft.a., flop, arrelt, and detain every such Person being a Suhjdft of His§..§!* Majesty, and Arch Person shall be deah with as k»yJPerson la'l&blc

: ^49° GEO. III..K 14 "';

i^Pj C. 62. 49° GEO. III., A.IX18o$,

to be dealt with by virtue and in p\irfuance of the said recited Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for having been taken on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat liable to Forfeiture by that or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, for being found or having been at Anchor, or hovering within any such Distance of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, with such Goods on hoard as fob-.jest such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or Goods to Forfeiture; or every such Person, being a Seaman or Seafaring Man, may be dealt with as any Seaman or Seafaring Man maybe dealt with by virtue and in*pur-, fuance of an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to male more effectual Provision fort the Prevention of Smuggling; and every Officer of the Army, Navy, or^ Marines, or of the Customs or Excise, shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and be entitled to and receive the like Reward or Rewards for and on account of every Person arrtiled and Retained under the Authority of this Act, as 13 and are allowed and payable with respect to any Person arrelled and detained under the Authority of either

of the said recited Acts, as fully and effectually to all Intents, ConstruftioDS, and Purposes, as if each and every of the Clauses, Directiona, Powers, and Authorities relative thereto were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

47 G. 3. ft. a. II.«And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of C. 46. $ 20. < His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make more ejfcEtual

4 Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, it is amongst other Things*provided in the Case of Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff made at Sea, or in any Port or Harbour, that if any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Persons making such Seizure, shall neither seize, and prosecute, nor cause to be seized and prosecuted the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found, or seized, or which shall be used or employed in removing or conveying the same, nor shall stop, arrest, and detain the Persons, or some or one of them, who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel, v 4 or Boat, in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff shall

v be or shall have be^n brought, found, or seized, or in unlacting, re-

*'*..... 4 moving, or carrying such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, nor shall not

convey or cause every such Person so arrested or detained to be taken or conveyed before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace to be dealt with according to Law, then and in every such <4 Case the Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Persons making such Seizure, shall be entitled to and shall be paid only One-Fourth t Part of the Value at which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff shall be or shall have b«en respectively ettimared or fixed according to the DirVftions of the said Act: And whereas the pernicious Praft'ce 4 of Smuggling by Means of sinking small Casks of Spirits at Sea, and within the Limits of the Ports of this Kingdom, and getting them up .4 as Opportunity offers, appears to have been much resorted to, and it is therefore expedient to extend and inc.reafe the Rewards to j.4 Officers of the Custom9 and Excise, and othdr Persons legally authorised to make Seizures, by whose Exertion and Diligence such Reward to Practice may be counteracted Be it therefore enacted, That in

Officers all Cases where any such Officers and Persons as aforesaid shall seize,

within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or in any of One Moiety of the British or Irish Channels, or eifev here on the High Seasr within their Value.'One

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 62.

One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland. any Spirits which shall have been sunk or concealed under or in the Water within such Limits or Distance, every such Officer and Person so seizing such Spirits shall be, and he and they is and are hereby allowed One Moiety of the Value at which such Spirits shall fixed or estimated as aforesaid; any Thing contained in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Forty-fifth Year 45 G. 3.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, it was enacted, that every §7*

Person being a Subject of His Majesty who should be found or

taken on board, or discovered to have been on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat liable to Forfeiture as therein mentioned, and who

should not prove that he was only a Passenger on board such Ship,

4 Vessel, or Boat, and every Person found aiding or assisting in unshipping to be laid on Land, or found carrying, conveying, concealing,

or assisting in the carrying away, conveying, or concealing any Fo-

reign Brandy* Rum, Geneva, or Spirits, in that AA mentioned,

should forfeit for every such Offence either Treble the Value of the Goods that should be found or taken from such Person or Persons,

or the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Option and subject to

the Election therein mentioned; and that it should be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Customs,

4'or Excise, and he and they was and were thereby authorised, empowered, and required so flop, arrest, and detain every such Person

being a Subject of His Majesty, and to convey the said Person before

One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace redding near

to the Port or Place into which such Ship, Vessel, or Boat should be

taken or carried, or near to the Place where any such Person should be so taken or arresttd, and it should be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they was and were thereby required

upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses,

1 that such Person was so found or taken, or discovered as aforesaid

unless any such Person found or taken or having been on board of any such Ship, Vessfd, or Boat, should prove tb the Satisfaction of such Justice th&t he was oniy a Passenger on board such Ship,

4 Vessel, or Boat, to hold such Person to bail with Two good: and sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each £at 4 the Appearance of such Person to answer to any Indi&merit or Ini formation that itiight be brought against him in that Behalf^nd to pay such Penalty and abide any Judgment for any such Offence, and in default of any such Person finding such good and sufficient Bail as aforesaid, or until the same should be found, to commit such Person to any Gaol or Prison or House of Correction to hnfwer as aforesaid; and it is by the said Act provided that if any such Person so fobnd or discovered and taken as aforesaid, should be capable and desirous of entering and serving as a Seaman or Marine in any of His Majesty's Ships of War, it should be lawful for the Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of thfe Customs of Excise by whom such Person was taken, arfested, and detained as

aforesaid, or for any Justice of the Peate ot Magistrate before whorft any such Person might be carried, and such Officer or Officers was and were thereby authorised, empowered, and required inftesd of taking such Person before any Justice or Magistrate, and tuck

m

470. 3. ft. 2. €66. §15.

Persons liable to he detained under recited A efts, who ftudl be found unfit to serve in the Navy, shall forfeit 1001. &c. and may be held to Bail, or committed by a Justice of Peace.

Coals, &€ unshipped without the

C.tfi* 49 GEO. III.' A.D. 1&09*

Justice or Magistrate was thereby authorised instead of bolding an^y

such Person to bail, to carry and convey, or cause to be carried or

conveyed such Person on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War in order to his being entered and received as a Seaman or Marine s

And whereas by the faW Act made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it wa9 tnacied, that it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise, to detain, or to take and carry any such Person as is therein mentioned, and every Person liable to be arrested and detained under that Act or the said Act made in the Fortyfifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, being a Seaman or Seafaring Man, to any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Service, or to the Custody of any Officer employed in His Majesty's 4 imprett Service, and that any such Person being such Seaman or Seafaring Man as aforesaid, might thereupon, if fit and able to serve 4, His Majesty, be impressed into His Majesty's Naval Service: And whereas some of the Persons so liable to be arrested may be not fit or able to serve His Majesty in his Naval Service, and it is therefore expedient to make such Provision as is herein after mentioned with regard to such Persons Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, when any Person liable to be arrested or detained, and arrested or detained, under the said la it-mentioned Acts or either of them, shall be fouiwi not fit or able to serve His Majesty in his Naval Service, and shall be refused by any proper Naval Officer to be received into any such Naval Service, every such Perfoi* shall forfeit and lofc the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Customs, or Excise, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, empowered, and required to convey the said Person beforo One or mone of His Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace, and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices of the Peace and he and they is and are hereby required upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or With.fles, that such Person was fa liable to be arrested or detained, and has been so refused as being not fit or able to so fervt His Majesty, to hold such Person to bail with Two or more good and sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, for the Appearance of such Perf.m to answer to any Information that may be brought or exhibited against him in that Behalf, and to pfty such Penalty, and in default of any such Person finding such good and sufficient Bail as aforesaid, or until the same shall be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit such Person to any Gaol or Prison or House of Correction, there, for remain until he shall pay the said Penalty, or be delivered by due Course of Law.

IV. And Whereas by the Laws in force for the better levying the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought or carried Coast- wife, the Meters, Weighers, or Measurers, are required to deliver 4 a Certificate under their Hands of the Sorts, Quantities, and Num*

btrs of Chalders or Tuna of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, which shall

5 be delivered by them from on board any Ship or Vessel, and it ia

therefore expedient to prevent any Coals, Culm, or Cinders, being f unshipped without their Presence -or Permission Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in case any Coals, (cxqept Chatcpal made of Wood, } or aey Culm or Cinders*: I^brought

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 6a, 63V' t$j-

brought Coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain into any1 Presence of the Port or Place in England or Wales, shall be unshipped or delivered ' proper )fficer, from any Ship or Vessel, without the Presence or Permission of thehall be forfeit*. Meter or other proper Officer appointed to measure or weigh the same, 'according to the Directions of an Act oalfed in the Ninth and Tenth'

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties upon Coals, & 10 W. 8. and Culm, ad such Coals, Culm, and Cinders, (whether the Duties8. shall have been paid or not,) shall be forfeited and lost, and the fame shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

V. And be it further ena&d, That all Coals, Culm, and Cinders, Recovery and

seized under the Authority of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted, Application of recovered, and disposed of in like Manner, and by such Ways, Means, such Forfeiture!. 4 and Method*, as any Forfeitures incurred for any Offence against the x

Daws of the Customs may now be prosecuted, recovered, and dispofpd

of, according to the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

VI. And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Exportation of Salt, Pepper, and Wine from the Iflards of Guernsey or Jersey, for the Supply of the I Hand of Sari, in fmalier Packages than are now r

allowed by Law, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; Be it therefore en*>ded, That it shall be lawful to export from either of Salt, Pepper, the lfl inds of Guernsey and Jersey. at any One Time, any Quantity Wine, may of Salt not exceeding Ten Bulhcls, any Quantity of Pepper not ex- or 10, 11

ceeding Fifty Pounds Weight, or any Quantity of Wine not ex- Jersey to Sark,

ceeding Ten Dozen reputed Quart Bottles, for the Supply of the in certain fim.ll said Island of Sark, and the said Articles may be so exported in Quantities, In'any Boat not exceeding the Burthen of Ten Tons, such Boat having Koats !lotT a Licence from the Principal Officers of the Customs at either of the ufenfed said Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, for the Purpose of being employed f0jdJe Purgtfc, in carrying Commodities for the Supply of the said Island of Sark % which Licence such Officer is hereby authorised and required to grant, without taking any Fee or Reward for the same: Provided always, that every such Boat having on board at any One Time any greater Quantity of the respective Articles than what ?s permitted by this Act, such Articles, if in Packages of left* Sze or Content than prescribed'by the Laws in force, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by5 y

any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of tho Customs or Excise. 7

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Collection of the said Duties.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS by certain Acts of Parliament in force at and See SUts+

immediately before the passing of this Act, certain Duties of 43 G. 3. c. 69

Excise are chargeable on the Materials, Metal, or other Preparations 45 G«c*

made Use of in Great Britain in the making of Spread Window 46G*a» c« b 4 Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass;

f and aish on the Materials, Metal, or other Preparations made Use i of in Great Britain in the making of all other Window Glass, not ? being Spread Glass, whether flatbed ot otherwise manufactured, and i 4 commonly

Duties and Drawbacks on Window GUfs, See, shall cease.

New Duties in lieu of former Duties*

British Spread GUfr.

£ritish Creanp dais.

Irish Spread Olais.

Irish Crown Glass.

Drawbacks

Hawed.

0*63* 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glaft or

German Sheet Glast, and certain Drawbacks are allowed on the Exportation of such GUfs as Merchandize, and certain Countervailing

Duties are also chargeable on all such Glass as aforesaid made in /re*

land and imported into Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties and Drawbacks, and to impose other Duties

and grant other Drawbacks in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's rood Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine, all and singular the said Duties and Drawbacks shall cease and determine, and be no longer payable or paid, save and except in all Ca(es relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at any Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which (halt have been incurred at any Time before or on the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine, in lieu and instead of the Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Rales and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, Fifteen Shillings, and so in proposition for any greater or less Quantity

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, One Pound Sixteen Shillings and Nine-pence, and so in proposition for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, which shall be made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, a Countervailing Duty of Fifteen Shillings, and so in proposition for any greater or less Quantity

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Ireland', and imported from thence into Great Britain, a Countervailing Duty of One Pound Sixteen Shillings and Nine-pence, and so in proposition for any greater or less Quantity.

III. And be it further enacted, That the following Drawbacks shall be allowed $ that is to say,

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly Called or known by the Name of Broad GUfs, made in Great Britain and for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts or to Ireland as Merchandize, a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings, and so in proposition for any greatef of less Quantity:

Foe

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 63.' 13

For every Htwidwf Wright of all'other Window Glasa, not-being1 Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass. or German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britain, and for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts or to Ireland as Merchandize, a Drawback of One Pound Sixteen Shillings and Nine-pence, and so in proposition for any greater onlcfs Quantity.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Duties shall be Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Eng- under Com-land shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise

in England, for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise irt that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall he under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotlandf for the Time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Directions for Makers of Spread Window Glass, Or of Crown Glass respectively, the Construction shall, and he, (he, and they is, and are hereby required, to erect, ^C0^Ove*1, n^ build, make, and cortftrust, evtry Annealing Arch or Oven, by him, VC or ea* her, or them intended to be made use of for the annealing of Spread

Window Glass, or Crown Glass respectively, in a rectangular Form, with the Sides and Ends thereof perpendicular and parallel to each other respectively, and the Bottom thereof level, and with only one Mouth or Entrance into the same, and shall number the same pro* grtflively, with a durable Mark, and if any such Maker or Maker*

shall erect, build, make, or conltrust, any Annealing Arch or Oven,

contrary to the Directions of this Act, or shall neglect or refuse to

number or mark the same according to the Directions of this Act,

or shall make use of any Annealing Arch or Oven, not constructed

in the Manner before dirrsted, all and every such Maker and Makers '

so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum Penalty looU

of One hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Iron Grating Makers of Spread Window Glass, or of Crown Glass, shall at his, her, beaffixc<* and their own Expence, find, provide, and affix, a good and sufficient AnneaUn^rch Iron Grating to the Mouth or Entrance of every Annealing Arch and withF^enings/ Oven, by him, htr, or them intended to be made Use of, for the an- &c. Penalty on nealing of Spread Window Glaf3, or Crown Glass respectively, such opening same. Iron Grating to be approved of in Writing, by and under the Hand unlefe unlocked of the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise, of the Division kg*

or District, within which such Annealing Arch or Oven shall be situate, and proper Locks and Keys, and all other necessary Fattening* for securing and feabng every such Annealing Arch and Oven, and the Mouth or Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof, shall be provided by the respective Surveyors and Supervisors of Excise, of loch Div vision or District, at the Expence of such Maker or Makers, and when and so Toon as any such Maker or Makers shall have delivered or ought to have delivered, the Declaration of the Number of Tables put or deposited or contained in any such Annealing Arch or Oven, as by this Act is directed and required, the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall immediately lock, fatten, and seal every fetch Annealing Arch or Oven, and the Mouth or Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof^ and shall keep the same locked, sealed, and fattened, from the Tima such pcclaration as aforesaid shall fee or ought to have been given*

l34

C. 6j.

GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

until the Glass contained in such Annealing Arch or Oven shall be taken out in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise^ for the Purpose of being weighed and charged, and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse at his, her, and their own Expence, to find or provide such good and sufficient Iron Grating, or to affix the same in the Manner herein directed* before such Annealing ^krch or Oven shall be made Use of as aforesaid, or to pay for any Lock, Key, or other necessary Fattening, which shall be provided by any Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise, according to the Dne&ioriS of this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any Person or Persons by him or them employed in that Behalf, in the fixing or placing any such Fattening, in such Manner as such Officer or Officers shall direct or think expedient to answer the Purposes by this Act in that Behalf intended, or in the locking, sealing. or fecunng any such Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth or Entrance or Iron Grating thereof, or any such Fattening as aforesaid, or by any Means, Art, Device, or Contrivance whatsoever, shall open any such Lock or Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth, Entrance, or Iron Grating thereof, after the same shall nave been locked, sealed, fattened, or secured as aforesaid, before the same shall have been unlocked and opened by the proper Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully break or damage any such Lock, Seal, or Fattening, every such Maker or Makers, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any Lock*, Keys, or jpattenings, shall be provided in pursuance of this Act, all and every Maker and Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, to whom such Locks, Keys, and Fattening* respectively shall then belong, shall, at his, her, or their own Exptnce, from Time to Time, and at all Times when required so to do by the rdptctive Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or Dittridt in which such his, her, or their Glass House shall be fituaie, immediately set

about altering, repairing, and amending; and shall also, within a reasonable Time then next following, alter, repair, and amend the same respectively according to such Rquisition 3 and if any such Maker or Makers of Spread Window Giafo or Crown Glass respectively, to whom any such Locks, Keys, and Fattenings, or any or either of r. them shall belong, shall neglect or refnfe immediately to set about the

*. .'altering, repairing, or amending the same, or to repair, amend, or alter-

f the same when thereunto required, according to the Directions of this Act> he, she, or they shall, for each and every inch Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Noticeofheating -VIII. And be it further eny&ed, That when any Maker or the Annealing Make of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively shall be desirous to prepare, light, or kindle any Fire, to heat his, htr, or their Annealing Arch or Oven, into which any Spread Window.Glass or Crown Glass is intended to be put or deposited, for the Purpose of annealing the same, such Maker or Makers shall give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey be, (he, or they shall then be. Six Hours Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention) and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or rtfufe to prepare, light, and ' kindle such Fire within One Hour after the Time mentioned in such Jioiice, scheft such Notice shall be void* and such, Maker or

1. V' shall

Locks and Faltenings shall he altered and lrept in Repair when required.

Penalty 50l.

Arch shall be give* to jLxcise Officer. Penalty 50l.

49* ©ED. Ill,

C.<|;

{kali give the like and a fresh: Notise in Writing to such Officer before be, fh?, or they, shall prepare, kindle, or light a Fire in any such Appealing ^rch or Oven; and if any such Maker or Makers dull light, or, kindle a Fire in any such Annealing Arch or Oven, without baying gftyen such previous Notice as aforesaid, he, she, or thcylhall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further em&ed, That all and every Maker and Makers of Spread Window Giais or Crown Glass respectively, shall, when and so soon as the same shall be severally and respectively made or flashed, remove all and singular the Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass respectively by him, her, or them so made or flallied, di-redlly into such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, and shall there place and deposit the same in such Manner and Form as the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be, shall approve, and so that the same may, so far as the Nature of the Cife will admit, be the moil easily and secureiy viewed, ir.fpc&ed, and examined, and the Numbers and Kinds thereof respectively judged of in each and every such Annealing Arch or Oven; and no such Maker or Makers shall at One and the same Time put, place, have, or keep, in any such Annealing Arch or Oven, any Spread Window Glass and Crown GUIs; nor shall any such Maker or Makers out, place, or keep, any other Sort or Species of Glass or Gl?fs Wares whatever, in any such Annealing Arch or Oven entered or made use of for the annealing of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respr dtively; and if any such Maker or Makers shall negltdl or refuse to remove, when and so soon as the same shall be made or flashed, any such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass by him. htr, or them made, dir<ft!y into such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, or to place or deposit any such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass in Manner and Form as aforesaid; or if any such Maker or Makers (hill at One and the same Time put, place, or keep, in any such Annealing Arch or Oven, any Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, or shall put, place, have, or keep, any other Sort or Species of Glass or Glass Wares whatever, in any Annealing Arch or Oven entered or made use of for the annealing of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass, every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enadbd, That before any such Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass shall begin to close or Hop up any Annealing Arch or Oven, containing any Spread Window Glass or Cfown Glass, he, she, or they, shall deliver to the proper Officer of Excise a Declaration in Writing, specifying the true Number of Tables of Spread Glass or Crown Glass respectively put, or deposited and contained in each and every such Annealing Arch respectively; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Declaration in Writing as iall aforesaid, every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively shall, and.he, Ihe, 'and they is and ^re hereby required to keep sufficient and just.Scales and Weights at the Place or Places where he, she, or they, mail.make or manufacture Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respect _ ' tiveljr,

Regulations far putting the GUIs when flashed hrt* Annealing Asdi,

Penalty 1«05,

Before closing Annealing Arch, Declaration of Number of Tables shall be delivered. Penalty <201,

Scales and Weights shall he provided at the Glafc Hou£e*

C. 63.

49° GEO. til. A.D. 1 Sop*

timely, and shall, at his, her, and their own Expetiee, find, provide, and affix, within such his, her. or their Glass House, and within View of the Annealing Arches or Ovens thereof, a fit and proper Hook of Staple in a proper Place to be approved of in Writing by and tinder the Hands of the respective Surveyor or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or Diftrid in which such his, htr, or their Glass House shall be > situate, and ilfo permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to

life the same, for the Purpose of weighing and taking an Account of the Spread Window and Crown Glass respectively which shall at any Time be in the Possession of such Maker and Makers of Spread Win-Penalty loot dow Glass or Crown Glass respectively 5 and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect to keep loch Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall not, at his, her, or their own Expence, find, provide, and affix in Manner aforesaid, a fit and proper Hook or Staple, in a proper and convenient Place to be approved of in Writing by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or District in which such his, her, or their Glass House shall be situate, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same, such Maker or Makers shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds 5 and if any such Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, shall in the Weighing of any such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass make use of, or cause, or procure, or suffer to be made use of any false, unjust, or inefficient Scales or Weights, or shall practise any Art, Device, or Contrivance, by which any such Office or Officers may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight of any such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass, then and in every such Case such Maker or Makers shall, for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with all such false, unjust, or insufficient Scales and Weights respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise. Notice before'XII. And be it further tna&ed. That all and every Maker and Glass is drawn Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, being AimealiiLr Arch desirous to draw or take any Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass *respectively, from or out of any Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, to him, her, or them belonging, shall by the Space of Twelve Hours next before the Beginning to draw or take any such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, from or out of any such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, give to the Officer, of Excise under whose Survey, he, she, or they shall then be, a Notice

in Writing of his, her, or their Intention, specitying each particular Arch or Oven, and the Number thereof from and out of which it is intended to take such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, and the particular Time and Hour at which it is so intended to begin to draw or take the same from or out of such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, and upon such Notice being given, such Officer shall attend at the Time mentioned in such Notice, and shall unlock and open such Annealing Arch or Arches, and Oven and Ovens, for the Purpose aforesaid, and such Officer shall also attend to fee the Whole and all and every Part of such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, drawn or taken from and out of such Annealing Arch or Arches, and Oven and Ovens, and such Maker or Makers shall immediately on such Officer's Attendance begin to draw "and take, and shall proceed and continue without any unnecessary

PeUy#

A.D. 186p\ 49° GEO. III. C.VJj.-

Delay or Interruption to draw and take from and out of such An* nealing Arch and Arches, or Oven or Ovens, the Whole and all and every Part of the Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, and such Maker or Makers shall immediately on such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively being so drawn or taken from or out of such Annealing Arch of Oven proceed to weigh and shall weigh' the Whole and all and every Part thereof with such Scales and Weights as aforesaid, in the Presence of such Officer, and such Maker or Makers respectively shall be charged with and shall pay the Duty for and in respect of such Glass respectively according to such Weight: and if any such Maker or Makers of Spread Window Penalty ea Glass or Cro* n Glass respectively, having given such Notice, and begun Neglect, &e. to draw, or take any such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass re* 1Q0* spe6tively, from, or out of his, her, or their Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, shall not proceed and continue without any unnecessary Delay or Interruption to draw and take the Whole and all and every Part of such Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass respectively, from and out of such Annealing Arch or Arches, and Oven and Ovens, and proceed and continue to weigh the same as hereinbefore dirt&ed, every such Maker and Makers so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any such Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively last aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to begin to draw or take such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, from or out of his, her, or their Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, immediately after such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, and the Mouths or Entrances, and Iron Gratings thereof shall be opened by such Officer, then such Notice shall be void, and such Officer shall again immediately lock up, fatten, and seal each and every such Annealing Arch or Oven, and the Mouth or Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof in Manner aforesaid, and such Maker and Makers shall give the like, and a fresh Notice in Writing to such Officer before any such Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth or Entrance, or Iron Grating thereof shall be again open s Provided always, that no such Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass shall be at Liberty to give any such Notice to draw or take any such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass r'espectively from or out of any of his, her, or their Annealing Archea or Ovens except in the Day-time, and that between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, and that every Notice given for the drawing or taking any such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively from or out of any Annealing Arch or Oven at any Hour or Time other than in the Day-time, and that between the Hours of Six in tht Morning and Six in the Afternoon, shall and the same is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpose8 whatsoever,

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enfe&ed, That in the Weigh* inveighing, ing as aforesaid of any such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass re*- Turn of the spectively, the Turn of the Scale shall be given in favour of the Scale shall be in Crown, and in lieu thereof there shall be allowed to such Maker or J^avo«r of the Makers of such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, Crown>&c* Ooe Pound Weight upon each and every One hundred Pounds of such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively so weighed.

3 XIV. And

Relations fur weighing of Glass, after it bn been dtpdited, &c.

Penalty on Makers for $*«gle£, lOOh

Maker* shall

afhit Officers in weighing. Penalty look

Tensity os

comeying Gla& from Annealing Arch before weighed, 1001.

Glas^fbaHhe kept apart till weighed. Penalty look

C, €£) 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

XIV. And be it farther enacted, That when and so soon it a«fy Spread Window Glass or Crown Glafifhali be weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of ExcHe, the same shall be forthwith placed or depbfited in a convenient Room or Place separate and apart from all other Glass or Glass Wares whatsoever, and such Spread Window GUfsor. Crown Glass shall remain in such Room or Piace where so placed or depoffted for the full Space of Six Hours after the same shall have been so weighed as aforesaid, unless the same shall have been sooner weighed or re-weighed by the respective Surveyor or Supervisors of Excise, to the end that the said Surveyors or Supervisors respectively may have an Opportunity to weigh or re-weigh the same, and the said respective Surveyors or Supervisors are hereby authorised and empowered to weigh or re-weigh all such Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass accordingly, and if upon the re weighing ihtreof any additional Weight shall be difenvertd or found, such additional Weight of Spread Window Glass and Oown Glass respectively shall be chargeable and charged with the resptdive Duties by Law payable for such Glass respectively; and if any such Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass shall refuse or neglect to place and deposit such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass in such convenient Room or Place as aforesaid, separate and apart from all other Glass vr Glass Wares whatsoever, or shall remove or convey, or cause, procure or suffer to be removed or conveyed from or out of such Room or Place as aforesaid any Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass before the End or Expiratior of Six Hours next after the same shall have been so weighed as aforesaid by the proper Officer of Excise, ualess the same shall have been sooner weighed or reweighed by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise, every such Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass shall for each and every such Offence forfeit One hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass shall, when and so often as he, she, or they shall be thereunto required by the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, with a sufficient Number of his, her, or their Servants, aid and affill to the utmost of his, her, or their Power, such Officer or Officers, or Surveyor or Supervisor in weighing and taking an Account, or in re-weighing and taking an Account of ail Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively of such Maker or Makers, on pain of for-ieiting for every Negle&or Refusal the Sum of One hundred Pound?*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass iliould convey away any Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass from any Annealing Arch or Oven before the proper Officer of Excise shall have weighed the fame's or shall neglect or refuse to produce.any such Spread Window Glass*or Crown Glass to such Officer that he may weigh the same according to the Directions of this Act, he, she, or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and iofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further esadhed. That all and every Maker and Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass* shall from Time to Time and at all Times.keep all Spread Window Glass or Crown. Glass respectively in.his, her> or their Custody or Possession, and which (boll Hot have been weighed by the Officer of Excise according -to the - -.: r Direction*

JkD.iffdp- 4V. GEO. III. C*$33 H

Directions of thtrf Act, fcparat* and apart frftnf all Spread Win^avfr Glass and Crown Glass respectively, which shall have been weighed* and from all other Glass Ware* whatsoever, upon Pain of forfeiting' for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred. Pound*

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker.or Maker*, penalty on uG«g of Spread Window or Crown Glass, shall for the annealing of any- unentered Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass, wake use of any private 0*7 Annealing Arch, concealed Annealing Arch, Oven, Utensil, or Place whatever, pt^cr Glafenot*15 than his* her, or their known Annealing Arch or Arches entered, weigjiC(i 1OT^ for that Purpose, or if any such Maker or Makers shall fraudulently,

remove or convey away any Spread Window Glass or Crown Qlass, before the same shall have been weighed by the proper Officer or Offi: ers of Excise, or shall fraudulently hide or conceal any Spread.

Window Glass, or Crown Glass, each and every such Maker or Maker* offending, shall for each and every such Offence, forfeit and iofe. the 7

Sum of One hundred Pounds. r

XIX. And be it further enacted, that no Mtker or Makers of Penalty on

Spread Window Glass or Crown GUfs respectively, shall make or ma*,

oufacture within the same Glass House or Building, by him, her, or fercnt jj*"of them erested, or used for the making or manufacturing of Spread Glafc in the Window Glass, or in any Glass House or Building adjoining thereto, same l*l*ce# sob any other Sort or Species of Glass or Glass Wares whatever, nor (half

make or manufacture within the same Glass House or Building, by him, her, or them entered or used for the making or mamitafturing of

Crown Glafe, or in any House or Building adjoining thereto, any r\', r other Sort or Specie* of Glass or Glass Wares, save and except Plat!*

Glass; and if any such Maker or Makers of Spread Glass shall make;

or manufacture within the same Glass House or Building, by him,

her, 01 them entered or used for the making or manufacturing of

Spread Window Glass, or in any Glass House or Building adjoining

thereto, any other Species of Glass or Glass Wares, or if any Makes

or Makers of Crown Glass, shall make or manufacture within the same

Glal6 House or Building, by him, her, or theip entered or used for the making or manufacturing of Crown Glass, or in any Glass House or Building adjoining thereto, any other Sort or Species of Glass or

Glass Wares, save and except Plate Glass as aforesaid* every such

Maker or Makers respectively, shall for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, Thar if any Officer or ^Officers of KorrecocerUg Excise shall have cause to suspect that any Spread Window Glass, or p^8 f»udu-Crown Glass respectively, shall have been fraudulently removed or |«"dy conveye* conveyed away before the same shall have been weighed by the proper*

Officer or Officers of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, 7

/hall be deposittd, lodged, hid, or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, then and in such Case, if such Place or Places shall be

within the Cities of London or Westminster or within the Limits of th^ -

Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excite in England ior the Time being, or any Two or more of them, or in case such Place shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County,

Hiding, Division, or Place, where such Officer or Officers shall suspect

the same to be deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, which respective.

Paths they the said Comraiflkmera of J£#cife, Qr an7 Two or more of

/'" them*

Ct6j* 49° GEO. III. A.D. 186$*

them, and justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, are hereby authorised and empowered to administer, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, as the Case may require, before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night Time in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall so suspect such Spread Window Glaft or Crown Glass respectively to be deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed) and to seize and carry away all such Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass respectively, which he or they shall then and fcfk*0* there find so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, as forfeited; and if

the any ^er^on or Per^on8 whatsoever shall let, obstruct, or hinder any such

am tool. Officer or Officers so authorised and empowered, or any other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance in the Execution of such Warrant, From entering any such Place or Places where such Officer or Officers shall so suspect such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively to be so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, or in seizing or carrying away the same, or in the due Execution of any such Warrant, the Person or Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence federally forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Officendpol. °bftrust, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them given, or

granted by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Glass, the Person or Persons so offending therein, shall for each and tpvery such Offence, other than for thdfe for which any Penalty is herein before specially imposed or provided, severally forfeit the Sum of Three hundred Pounds: Provided always, nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make it unlawful to or for any Officer or Officers of Excise, from Time to Time, and at all Times to inspect, examine, gauge, or otherwise to take an Account of the Metal and Materials mixed and prepared or founded, or founding for the making of Glass in any such Glass House or Building as aforesaid, as well before such Metal or Materials shall be put into any Pot or Pots, as after the same shall be put into any Pot or Pots, or to take a Sample or Samples not exceeding Four Ounces in the Whole, out of each such Pot or any other Vessel or Utensil containing such Preparation for making Glass.

Penalties and

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, lam,* or by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or 'mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, 3111, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Re* cord at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her* or them who shall dilco ver, inform, or sue for the same.

Powers of former

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Power?, Authorities, Acts extended to Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Pro-

Tifoes,

A.D. 18ep. 49° GEO. III. C. 63.1 jgj

vifoee, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on Glass, or on the Materials or Metal, or other Preparation made use of in Great Britain, in the mak* ing of Glass, or to the paying or allowing of any Drawback on the Exportation of Glafjs, in force immediately before the passing of this Act are contained, provided, settled, or established, for managing, afleising, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and Securing the Said Duties, or for paying or allowing apy Drawback of the said Duties, and for preventing, deteding, an<i punishing Frauds relating thereto, except where the same are expressly altered by this Act, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect to all. Intents and Purposes, and the said Powers,

Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, For- fcitures,. Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, (except as before excepted), shall continue and be duly observed, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Greett Britain, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes (except as before excepted) as if the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, bad been expressly inserted and re enacted in this present Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the Duties Hull be Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and ac- carried to Coofo-counttng for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid iBto

the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XXV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of 45 G, 3, e, 3iu

' the Reign of His present Mijcffy, intituled, Act for granting unto

4 His Majesty several additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain; it is provided. That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall for the Period of Ten Years from the Commencement of the said Act, cause a separate and distinct Account of the additional Duties by the said Act granted, to be prepared and annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty-second ? Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for di 45 G* 8* c*

resting certain Publick Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament

and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Use; and whereas One-third Part of the Duties by this Act repealed, and in lieu of which other Duties are by this Act imposed, constituted, and made Part of the additional Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and it is therefore expedient that Provision fjiould be made for afeertaiaing the Produce of One-third Part of the l^uties by this Act imposed f Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said First Day of In what Manner Augu/ly One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Whole of the Duties the Account of granted by this Act shall be entered together in One Account; but jj* Duties flail that the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or Lords Commis- " kePt* fioncrsof His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being shall, for and during the Remainder of the said Period of Ten Years, to be computed from the Commencement of the said Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, cause a separate and diilind Account of One-third Part of the Duties by this Act granted to be made out in such Manner and

Commnraeimnt of Act.

Continuance two Years.

C63, 64. 49' GEO. IfT. A.D. 1809.

Form at (hart appear tn the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or the Lords Commirttooers of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time beine, betl adapted to ascertain the Amount of One-third Part of the said Duties, wh*ch Account the said Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or the Lords Cnmrmfliocefa of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, are hereby required to cause to be laid before Parliament, together with the Publick Accounts directed to be laid before*Parliament, purfutnt to the Provisions of the said Act passed in the Forty-fecood Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall 'commence and take Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commeocdmcr* is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the Fiftt Day of Altgift One thousand eight hundred and nine, and shall remain and continue rt. force for the Space of Two Years, to be computed from that Day*.

49G. 3, C. 142. I 13.

life Annuities under recited Act extended to dQOOl. Sec.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities, ^nd it was thereby provided that the total Amount of any Annuity or Annuities to he granted upon the Continuance of the Life of any One Nominee, should not in any Case, except as therein 19 excepted4 4 exceed the Annual Sum of One thousand Pounds/and that the total Amount of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted upon the Continuance of the Lives of any Two Nominees, or of the Life of the longer Liver of them, should not in any Case (except as aforesaid} exceed the annual Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds; And whereas it is expedient to enable the granting of Life Annuities to a larger Amount than is limited by the said recited Act; Be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lor^s Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to grant under the Provisions of the said recited Act any Annuity or Annuities of any Annual Amount, upon the Continuance either of the Life of any One Nominee or of the Lives of any Two Nominees, and of the Life of the longer Liver of them, so as the same do not in any Case exceed the Annual Sum of Three thousand Pounds, except in such Cases wherein by the said recited Act an Annuity or Annuities to a larger Amount than is thereby limited, is or are, under the Rertridlions and Provisions therein contained, authorised to be granted, in which. Cases it shall also be lawful, under the like Restrict ona and Provisions, to grant any Annuity to a larger Amount than by this Act is provided, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 64.4$

II. And whereas for enabling the Receipt of Half, yearly Payments of Life Annuities granted under the Provisions of the said recited Act, certain Certificates ami Affidavits are thereby required to c be produced to the Officer appointed in pursuance thereof, in Proof

that the respective Nominees of such Annuities are living at the Time of the respective Half-yearly Payments thereof becoming due, and

such OfiL-eris thereupon required, upon the Production of such Certificates 3nd Affidavits to grant a Certificate in the Form in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, marked (F.) for authorising such ' Half-yearly Payments at the Bank of England: And whereas it is expedient to dispense with the Production of the said Certificates and Affidavits in Cases where the respective Nominee shall appear personally before the said Officer, and such Officer shall be satisfied of the Identity of such Nominees Be it therefore further enacted,

That in case any Nominee on whose Life any Annuity shall depend, iu{^ad of the whether finely or jointly with any other Nominee, shall appear per- Certificates, &c. fonally before the Officer appointed in pursuance of the said recited required by Ad, on the Day on which a Half-yearly Payment of the said An- 48 G. 3. c. 142. nuity shall become due, or on any Day subsequent thereto, it shall be $ l6 — '18* for lawful for the said Officer, in case he shall be fati-fied of the Identity AmmUies° the of such Nominee to grant a Certificate in the Form specified in the Certificate'in the Schedule to this Act annexed, although the Certificates and Affi- Schedule shall davits required by the said Act shall not be produced to him, which he used, where Certificate to be granted by the said Officer in pursuance of this Act, ^he Nominees being produced to and lodged with the Governor and Company of the a*>1>ear'

Bank of England, shall be sufficient to authorize them, and they are hereby required to pay to the Person entitled to receive the said Annuity, not only the Half-yearly Payment thereof which shall have become due on the Day on which any such Nominee shall be certified as living, but also all preceding Half-yearly Payments of such Annuity which shall have become due, but which shall not have been paid, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall personatlug wilfully, falsely, and deceitfully, personate any true and real Nominee Nominees or or Nominees, or shall wilfully, falsely, and deceitfully represent any forging Certlfi-other Person or Persons than the true and real Nominee or Nominees cates> Falony. -to be such true or real Nominee or Nominees, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or ad, or assist in forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Certificate or Certificates to be granted by the said Officer in pursuance of this Act, or shall utter any such forged Certificate knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, then and in every such Case all and every sack Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted,

shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Case* of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of CERTIFICATE to be granted, in order to enable the Receipt of the Annuity from Time to Time at the Bank of England*

j DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of

Englandi in pursuance of the Provisions of an Act passed in the

Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, iqtituled*

An Act [here insert the Title of this Act] that A.B. the Nominee

49° GEO. III. JL i

*46 0.64*65* 49° GEO. UP. 'A.D. 1809.

[or in case of Two Nominees, One of kthe Two Nominees] de

feribed in the Certificate No. of the

Day of granted for the Purpose of enabling the Trans-

fer of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated [or Re-

duced] Bank Annuities for the Purchase of a Life Annuity on the

4 Life of the said [or on the Lives of the said

and and the Life of the

longer Liver of them] appeared personally before me. on the % Day of Witness my Hand th»

Day of 18

CAP. LXV.

An Act for giving Jurisdiction to Justices of the Peace to hear and determine Prosecutions for Penalties incurred by any Offence against the Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs; and also requiring all Goods, customable and not exciseable, seized by any Police or Peace Officer, to be brought to the Custom-House Warehouse in London, within a certain Period.

[3d June 1809.]

Jurisdiction to two Justices for Recovery of Penalties incurred by Offences against the laws relating to the Customs.

Distress on Non-payment. Imprisonment '»> dpfriult of JKftrefs.

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen as to the Jurisdiction of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Cases of Prosecution for Penalties incurred by certain Offences against the Laws relating to

His Majesty's Revenue of Customs: And whereas it is expedient that the said Justices should have Jurisdiction in such Cases; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty whrrcin the Offence shall arise, or wherein the Offender or Offenders shall be fouad, to examine into, hear, and determine all Prosecutions for Penalties incurred by any Offence against this or any Act or Acts now in force, or hereafter to be made relating to His Majesty's said Revenue of Customs; and the said Justices are hereby authorised and required, upon Information exhibited before them for the Recovery of any such Penalty or Penalties, to summon the Party accused, and upon his, her, or their Appearance or Default, to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of Fast, and upon'* due Proof thereof, either upon the voluntary Confession of such Patty, or upon the Oath of Oflt or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer) to convict the Offender or Offenders in the said Penalty or Penalties, and in case of the Nonpayment thereof the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to cause the same by Warrant of Distress and Sale under their Hands and Seals, to be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of the said Offender or Offenders, and in Default of (efficient Distress, to commit the said Offender or Offenders to any of His Majesty's Gaols in the County wherein the Offence shall have arisen, or wherein the Offender or Offenders shall have been found, there to remain for the Space of Six Months, or until the said Penalty or Penalties shall be paid.

II- Pro-

i

*47

this Act shall extend to or be constru£d to extend to empower the Penalties beyond said Justices to examine into, hear, or determine any Prosecution for 50' such Penalties as aforesaid, in any Case wherein the same shall in the Whole exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, unless they shall be so empowered by any other Act or Acts of Parirament now in force or hereafter to be made.

III. And Whereas Doubts Have arisen in Proceedings before

Justices of the Peace for Penalties or Forfeitures inpurred by Offences against the Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of

Customs, where such Justices have issued oitt Summons for the Appearance of the Party against whom such Proceedings have been

instituted, which Summons hath been left at the House or usual Place of Residence of such Party, whether the same (hotild be deemed a good and sufficient Summons, and as legal and effectual a Notice

as if the same had been personally served upon such Party; for the

Removal of such Doubts/ Be it declared and enacted, That in all Service of Proceedings before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any Fine, Summons at Penalty, or Forfeiture incurred under any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made relating to His NLjeftjfs said Revenue of Customs, every such Summons so left as aforesaid, and directed to such Party by his, her, or their right or assumed Name, ia and shall be (except where particular Provisions are or shall be made for summoning Offenders, or for condemning Seizures made from Persons unknown) deemed to be as good and sufficient a Summons, and as legal and effectual a Notice as if the same were personally served upon such Party, and as if the same were directed to such Party, by his, her, or their proper Name or Names*

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any ju^c,

Party shall or may be convicted before any Two or more of His Ma- mitigate jesty's Justices of the Peace, in any Penalty or Penalties incurred by Penalties to any Offence against any Act or Acts relating to His Majesty's said One-half. Revenue of Customs, wherein no Power of Mitigation shall be given

to the said Justices, or where it shall be given not specifically by the same Act or Acts, but only by reference to some other Law or Laws, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, in Cases where upon Confederation of the Circurtiltances they shall deem it expedient so to do, to mitigate the Payment of the said Penalty or Penalties, so as the Sum to be paid by such Party be not less than One-half of the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties in which such Party shall have been convicted.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any imprisonment such Offender or Offenders shall have been committed to any such expired shall Gaol as aforesaid, for Default of such Distress as aforesaid, and shall dear from there remain until the Expiration of the Period for which he, (he, orhies. they, shall have been committed, he, she, or they shall be wholly discharged from the Payment of such Penalty or Penalties, in respcA

whereof such Warrant of Distress hath been issued to all Intents and Purposts, as if the full Penalty or Penalties had been paid by the said Offender or Offenders immediately upon his, her, or their Conviction therein.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no In- Limitation of formation or Proceeding for any Fioe, Penalty, or Forfeiture incurred Time for by any Offence against any Act or ACt3 now in force or hereafter Informations,

La

to Six Months.

V

14*

41 G. 3. c. 115. $ 1*

All C.uftomable find prohibited Goods feieed as (uUjcA to Forfeiture, shall be conveyed to the ( uftom HouTe, within forty-ei^lit Hours.

Customable and inhibited Goods Teized as fdoni-c'ufly stolen, shall be deposited in thsTbaraes&r

C. 6$.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

to be made, relating to His Majesty's said Revenue of Customs, shall be exhibited or instituted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace after the Expiration of Six Months from the Time of committing the Offence whereby such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture hath been incurred.

VII. And Whereas, by an Act made in the Forty*third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend Tnvo Acts made in the Second, and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing the committing of 4 !Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats and other Boats f upon the River Thames, and for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations thereon, so far as relates to the Seizure of Exciseable Commodities, it is amongst other Things enacted, that all Goods, Wares* g or Merchandize, subject or liable to a Duty of Excise, which shall be Hopped, detained, or taken by any Police or Peace Officer or other Person or Persons under and by virtue of the Acts of Parliament therein recited, or under or by virtue of any other Authority whatever, for or by reason of the same having been unshipped, smugglcrd, or run on shore, shall, and the same are thereby directed and required to be carried, conveyed, or taken to and deposited and

lodged in the Chief Office of Excise in London, in order that such Articles and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same were found, may be prosecuted or proceeded against, as the Nature of the Case shall or may require: And whereas it is expedient that ail Goods, Warce, or Merchandize liable to the Payment of the Duties of Customs, and not to the Duties of Excise on Importation thereof, or which shall be prohibited to be imported, or prohibited to be worn or used in this Country, or which shall be subject to Forfeiture for being unshipped without the Presence of an Officer of the Customs, or for any other Cause whatever under any Law relating to the Revenue of Customs, which shall be so Hopped, detained, or taken, should be deposited and lodged in His Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom House in London \9 Be it therefore further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which by any Act or Acts now in force or hereafter to be made, are or mzy be liable to the Payment of the Duties of Customs, and not to the Duties of Excise on Importation thereof, or which are or may be prohibited to be imported or to be worn or used in this Country, or which are or may be subject.ro Forfeiture for being unshipped without the Presence of an Officer of the Customs, or for any other Cause whatever under any Law relating to the Revenue of Customs, and which shall be so (topped, detained, or taken, shall, and they are hereby directed and required to be carried, conveyed, or taken to and deposited and lodged in His Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom House in London, within Forty-eight Hours after the same shall have been fa taken, (topped, or detained, in order that all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same were found, may be prosecuted or proceeded against, as the Nature of the Case shall or may require; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, Thai in case any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which are or may be so liable to the Payment of the Duties of Customs and not to the Duties of Excise, or which ire or may be prohibited to be imported or to be worn or used in this

Country,

M9

A.D. 18c9» 49* GEOf IU/ C. 65.

Country, or which are or may be so subject to Forfeiture for being unshipped without the Presence of an Officer of the Customs, or for any other Cwfe whatever under any Law relating to the Revenue of Customs, shall be flouprd, detained, or taken by any Police or Peace Officer or other Perfort or Persons, on Suspicion of the same having been feloniously ftoleu, taken, or r-xtived, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Police or Peace Officer or other Person or Persons so flopping, detaining, or taking the same, to lodge and deposit all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as aforesaid, in the Office of the 'Thames Police, or the Police Office nearest to the Place where the same shall be so flopped, detained, or taken as aforesaid, there to remain until and in order to be produced at the Trial of any Person or Persons who shall or may be charged with feloniously Healing, taking, or receiving the same as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Police Officer or Peace Officer or other Person or Pet-for.s who shall so Hop, detain, or take any such Goods* Wares, or Merchandize as aforesaid, on Suspicion of the same having been so feloniously stolen, taken, or received as aforesaid, shall within Forty-eight Hours' after' he or they shall have flopped, detained, or taken the same as aforesaid, give Notice, thereof in Writing ta the Commissioners for managing His Majesty's Customs, together with the Particulars of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so flopped, detained, or taken as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Person or Persons so charged with feloniously Healing, taking, or receiving any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize as aforesaid, shall have been tried for the said Felony, all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as aforesaid, shall be immediately conveyed to, and deposited in His Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom House in London, to be prosecuted or proceeded against for such Cause of Forfeiture as the same may be liable to, or be restored upon Payment of such Duties as may be due in respect of the same, to such Person or Persons as may prove himself to be the legal Proprietor, or otherwise be dealt with in such Manner as the Case may require.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which are or may be so liable to the Payment of the Duties of Custotas, and not to the Duties of Excise, or which are or may be prohibited to be imported, or to be wotn ot used in this Country, or which are or may be so subject to Forfeiture for being unshipped without the Presence of an Officer of the Customs, or for any other Cause whatever under any Law relating to the Revenue of Customs, and which shall be flopped, detained, or taken as aforesaid shall not be conveyed to and deposited and lodged in His Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom House in Landofi, in the Manner and within the Time or Times respectively by this Act directed, all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall and may be seized or re-seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, and the Party or Parties neglecting or refusing so to convey to and deposit and lodge the same in His Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom House as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds, Orte Moiety whereof shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform or sue for the same.

L3 CAP.

other Police Office, to he produced on Trial of Offender.

Notice of such Detention shall be given to the Custom House.

Such Goods shall be carried to the Custom Hoise after Trial.

Goods so ferzed and not carried to Custom House, may be seized or re-seized by Officers of Customs; and the Party neglecting Audi forfeit 2QL

C. 66)6'j.

A.D. 1809.

150

49° GEO. III.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for the Abolition of certain Holidays, and for altering and extending the Time for keeping open the Chief Office of Excise.

[3d June 1809.]

S3 G. 2. c. 26.

12.

No Holidays at the Excite except Saadats, Christma* Day, GaoflFfidayj&c.

s

Office Horns from Eight to Three*

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty.third Year of the Reign of His Ute Majesty King George the Second, amongst other Things, for appointing the Time for which the Exc»fe Office

shall be kept open, it is provided that Inch Office shall be kept open

from Eight of the Clock in the Morning, until Two of the Clock

in the Afternoon and no longer: And whereas certain Holidays

have been and are now kept at the said Office, by which the Publick Business has ofteu been delayed, and Individuals put to Incon-f venience: And whereas it would be for the Benefit of the Revenue,

and contribute materially to the Accommodation of the Publick, to f abolish many of the Holidays hitherto obstrved, and to extend the

Time for keeping open the Chief Office Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no {iohdays whatever shall be permitted or allowed to be kept at the Chief Office, or at any other Office of Excise, except Chr't/lmas Day and Good Friday in every Year and any Days which mail be appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fail or Thanks-giving, and also the Anniversaries of the Restoration of His Majesty King Charles the Second, and of the Coronation of His Majesty, and the Birth Days of Their Majest»es, and of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; but that all Business at the said Offices relating to the Revenue of Excise shall be carried on and performed on every Day throughout the Year, Sundays and the Days before mentioned only excepted, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it also enacted, That from and after the said passing of this Act, the said Chief Office shall be kept open from Eight of the Clock in the Moraing until Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and to make further Provision for exonerating small Livings and Charitable Institutions from the Land Tax.

[3d June 1809.]

46G. a. c. 133.*WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the §2.* Reign of H s present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend

i an Act passed in the Forty fecovd Year of His present Majesty, for consolidatitig the several A Els passed for the Redemption and Sa, e of the Land Tax and to make further Provision for exonerating small Livings and charitable Jnjhtutwns from the Land Tax, after rearing that the Profits anting to the Publick from the Redemption of Land Tax by. Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Companies and Feoffees and TrulUes for Charitable and other Publick Purposes, by Sales under

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. IIE0.67. 1: 5V

the Authority of the Commissioners appointed by Letters Patent tinder the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Purpose of regulating,

difesting, approving, and confirming such Sales, amounted to a very large Sum, and was fkeiy to be considerably increased by further Sales and Contrafts for Sale for the Redemption of Land Tax under,

the Authority of the said Commissioners, and that it might be expedient to augment the Income of Small Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices, and of Charitable institutions, by exonerating the,

fame from the Land Tax charged on the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments belonging to such Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Irflitutions in the Manner therein mentioned, it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Purposes aforesaid, at any Time within the Space of Two Years after the passing of the said Act, to direct the Exoneration and Discharge of the Land Tax charged upon the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments belonging to any Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Institutions in Cases where the clear Annual Income of such Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable institutions should not exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, without the Transfer or Payment of any Consideration for the same, in the Manner and under the Directions and Restrictions in the said Act mentioned, provided that the Annual Amount of Land Tax to be exonerated by virtue of the said Act, under the Direction of the said Commissioners without the

Transfer or Payment of any Consideration should not exceed the Sum of Six thousand Pounds: And whereas it appears from the 1263 Benefice*

Proceedings of the said Commissioners in the Execution of the a.ud 308 Cllar

Powers and Authorities vested in them by the said Act, of which Proceedings a Statement has been laid before Parliament, pursuant from Land

to the Provisions for that Purpose in the said Act contained, that Tax, amount-,

they have directed the Exoneration and Discharge of the Land igto

Tax charged upon Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Here*, 6s. a|d.

ditaments belonging to One thousand two hundred and sixty-three

Living % or other Ecclesiastical Benefices, and to Two hundred and

eight Charitable institutions in Cases where the clear Annual Amount of such Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices and Charitable Institutions do not exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, without the Transfer or Payment of any Consideration in the Manner and under the Directions and Restrictions in the said Act mentioned, and that the Annual Amount of Land Tax which has been so exonerated is only Five thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds

Six Shillings and Three-pence Three Farthings: And whereas the 3 J

Time limited by the said Act, for transmitting to the said Commissioners the Memorials which were required by the said Act, in order to entitle the Parties claiming such Exoneration to the Benefit thereof is expired: And whereas the Profits arising to the Publick from the

Redemption of Land Tax by Bodies Politic and Corporate and*

4 Companies and Feoffees and Trustees for Charitable and other Publick Purposes, have been considerably increased by further Sales and Contrafts for Sale for the Redemption of Land Tax under the Authority of the said Commissioners since the Time of passing the said recited Act, and much Benefit to the Publick may be expected

L4«if

x5*

Commi loners appointed under the Great Seal, may within 18 Month* exonerate from the Land Tax (not exceeding 800ol. per Annum) Messuages belonging to Small livings and Charitable Institu-lions; asunder6G, 3.C. 133.*

H EHx. e. a.

.67*68* 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

4 if such Redemption of Land Tax by Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Companies and Feoffees, and Trustees for Charitable and other

Publick Purposes, shall continue to be made unebr the Provisions and

Authorities to that Effect, in the said Act of the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign contained: And whereas it is expedient further to extend the Benefits of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign to such other Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Institutions in Cases where the whole clear Annual Income thereof does not exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds as have not yet

had the Benefit of the said recited Act; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Con* sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the raid Comm (fioners at any Tinpe within the Space of Eighteen C endar Mouths after the passing of this Act to direct the Exon^ation an(j Discharge of the Land Tax charged upon such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments in the Manner and under the Directions and Restrictions, as in the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty are. mentioned, provided that the Annual Amount of Land Tax to be exonerated by virtue of this Act, shall not, together with the before mentioned Annual Sum of Five thousar.d six hundred

apd seventy Pounds Six Shillings and Three-pence Three Farthings exceed the Total Yearly Sum of Eight thousand Pounds: Provided also, that Memorials, such a* were directed by the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty to be tnnsmitted to the said Commissioners, and which mud be verified in such Manner as they shall require and direct, and also the Certificates directed thereby to be transmitted to the said Commissioners, signed by Two or more Commissioners of Land Tax, which Certificate* such said last- Commissioners were by the said Act and are hereby authorised and required to grant, and shall be so transmitted to the said Commissionera appointed under the Great Seal of Great Britain, within Twelve Months after the passing of this Act.

Commissioners may by Indorsement on the Certificate of Land Tax, declare the Lands exonerated therefrom. §3. Sufch Certi-4t ficates of Exoneration shall be registered gratis. £ 4. Proceedings of Commissioners shall be laid before Parliament before Close of the 4t Session 1811. §5. Deeds enrolled or registered at any Time before the passing of this Act, or within twelve Months after, declared 11 valid. $ 6. Powers of recited Acb extended to this Act. §7.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to explain and amend the Law of Bastardy, so far as relates to indemnifying Parishes in respect thereof.

[3d 1809.]

WHEREAS the Provisio-'s of an Act made in the Eighteenth Yeer of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, concerning Bastards begotten and born out of lawful Matrimony, are found to be inadequate to the Purposes of indemnifying Parishes against the Charges and Expences incurred by the apprehending and freuring the reputed Father, and also by the obtaining the Order of Filiation

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 68.

' And whereas it is expedient that such Charge! and Expences should

he borne and discharged by the adjudged reputed Father of such

Bastard Child or Children, at the Discretion of the Justices by whom such Adjudication shall be made, either in the Court of Quarter

Sessions or otherwise, not exceeding the Amount herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords, Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who shall hereafter be adjudged to be the reputed Father of any Bastard Child or Children, shall be chargeable with and liable to the Payment of all reasonabk Charges and Expences incident to the Birth of such Bastard Child or Children, and also to the Payment of the reasonable Costs of apprehending and securing such reputed Father, and also to the Payment of the Costs of the Order of Filiation, such Costs of apprehending and securing the reputed Father, and of the Order of Filiation, not to exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds; and all such Charges, Expences, and Costs, "shall be duly and respectively ascertained on Oath before the Justices of the Peace or the Court of Quarter Sessions making such Order of Filiation, which Oath such Justices or Court are hereby respectively empowered to administer.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Single Woman shall declare herself to be with Child, and that such Child is likely to be born a Bastard and to be chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Extra-parochial P^ace, and shall, in an Examination to be taken in Writing upon CLth before any Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City. Liberty or Town Corporate wherein such Parish, Townffi p, or Piace shall lie, charge any Person with having gotten her with Child, it shall be lawful to and for such Justice, upon Application made to him by the Overseer of the Poor of such Parish or Township, or by any substantial Householder of such Extra-parochial Piace, to out his Warrant for the immediate apprehending of such Person £0 charged as aforesaid, and for bringing him before such Justice, or before any other Justice of the Peace of such County, Ri-ing, Division, Liberty, or Town Corporate; and the Ji.ftice before whom such Person shall be brought, having Authority id this Behalf, is hereby authorised and required to commit the Person so charged as af >resaid to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County, Riding, Division, Liberry or Town Corporate, unless he shall give Securi y to indemnify such Parish or Piace, or shall enter into a Recognizance with sufficient Surety or Sureties upon Condition to appear at the uext General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, to abide and perform such Or<}er or Orders as ffiali then be made in pursuance of the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, unless One such Justice as aforesaid, shall have certified in Writing under his Hand to such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace, that it had been proved before him upon the Oath of One credible Witness, that such S»ngle Woman had not been then delivered, or had been delivered within One Month only previous to the Day on which such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace shall be holden, or unless Two Justices of the Peace of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, shall have certified

*53

Reputed Father of a Bastard shall be chargeable with Expences incident to the Birth, and with Costs of his own Appreliension and of the Order of Filiation.

Men charged on Oath by Women likely to be delivered of Bastards, maybe apprehended by Warrant of a Justice and compiled to give Security to indemnify the Parish, or to abide the Order of Sessions under 18 Eliz. c. 3.

49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

lifted in Writing under their Hands to the next, or where such Woman shall not have been delivered as aforesaid, then to the immediately subsequent General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace, that an Order of Filiation had been already made on the Person so charged, or that such Order was rot then rtauifite to be made, on account of the Death of the Child born a Bastard, or for other like sufficient Reason; in each of which Cases firftly before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Justices aflrmbled at such General Quarter S.fiions or General Sessions of the Peace, to respite such Recognizance to the then next General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, Riding, Division, City, or Town Corporate, without requiring the Personal Attendance of the Putative Father so bound, or of that of his Surety or Sureties, and in either of the said Two last mentioned Cases it shall be lawful for the Justices assembled as aforesaid wholly to discharge such Recognizance.

III. And Whereas Parishes are often put to great Expence in enforcing the Performance of Orders of Maintenance made on the Filiation, of Bastard Children f Be it therefore further enacted. For Maintenance That if any reputed Father or any Mother of such Bastard Child or ol Bastard Children on whom any Order of Filiation or Maintenance of such Child Children. or Children shall have been made by the Court of Quarter Sessions, or which shall have been made by Two Justices of the Peace and confirmed Father or by the Court of Quarter Sessions, or against which no Appeal shall

Mother neglect- have been made to the Court of Quarter Sessions, shall neglect or refuse ingtopay for to pay any Sum or Sums of Monty which he or she shall have been Muntenuiceof ordered to pay towards the Maintenance or other Sustenation for the ing to Order, Relief of any such Bastard Child or Children by any such Order, it may be appre- shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, hended and v r Division, City, Liberty or Town Corporate in which such reputed committed by*Father or such Mother shall happen to be, and the said Justice is hereby One Justice, for*rcqUjrc^[ Upon Complaint made to him by any One of the Overseers of Payment! 01 ^oor any Parish, Township, or Place liable to the Maintenance

or Support of such Bastard Child or Children, or where such Bastard Child or Children shall then be, and upon Proof on Oath of such Order for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and of such Sum or Sums of Money being unpaid, and of a Demand of such Payment having V been made, and a Refusal to pay the same, or that such reputed Father or such Mother hath left his or her usual Place of Abode, and hath avoided a Demand thereof being made by such Overseer, to issue his Warrant to apprehend such reputed Father or such Mother; and to bring him or her before such Justice or any other Justice of the Peace > of the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, to answer such Complaint; and if such reputed Father or such Mother shall not pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear to the said Justice before whom such reputed Father or such Mother shall be brought to be due and unpaid, or shall not ftuw to such Justice some reasonable and sufficient Cause for not so doing, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and the said Justice is hereby required to commit such reputed Father or such Mother to the Publick House of Correction or Common Gaol of the said County, to be there kept to hard Labour for the Space of Three Months, unless such reputed Father or such Mother shall, before the Expiration of the said Three Months, pay or cause to be paid to One of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish,

154

G 68.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.<58.SS

Township, or Place on whose Behalf such Complaint as aforesaid was mad?, the said Sum or Sums of Money so due and unpaid as aforesaid, and so from Time to Time and as often as such reputed Father dr such Mother shall in Manner aforesaid neglect or refuse to pay any other S'im or Sums of Money that shall afterwards become due by virtue of and under such Order after the Expiration of or Discharge from any such former Imprisonment as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Expences and Charges, ExpenceF, and Costs shall be wholly subject to the Discretion Costs subject to of the Justices or Court of Quarter Sessions who shall make such the Pifcretion of Order of filiation; and the Justice$ or Court of Quarter Sessions arc gj^and hereby authorised, if they shall see fit, to allow and order Payment recoverable as of the Whole or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the Costs of under apprehending and securing the reputed Father, and of the Order of*8 Eliz. c. 3. Filiation, shall not in any Case exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds; and for ftculing the due Payment of the same, after such Allowance and Order as aforesaid, all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions*

Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elt % abeth> concerning.Bastards begotten and born out of lawful Matrimony, shall be respectively observed, uftd, and practised in the Execution of this Act, and shall be construed, deemed, and taken to apply as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Provisions,

Clauses; Matters and Things were specially recited and re-enacted in this Act.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Appeal to the Persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by Quarter Sessions, any Order made by such Justices as aforesaid under the Provisions of on giving Notice this Act, and not originating in the Quarur Sessions, may appeal to

the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County where such Order shall be made, on giving Notice to such Justices or to One of them, and also to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Pcor of the Parish on whose Behalf such Order shall have been made, or to One of them, Ten clear Days before such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace at which such Appeal shall be made, of his, her, or their Intention of bringing such Appeal, and of the.

Cause and Matter thereof, and entering into a Recogn'zance within Three Days after such Notice before some Justice of the Peace for such County, with sufficient'Surety conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Judgment and Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be, awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, which said Justices at their said Scfii>ns, upon Proof of such Notice beii g given, and of entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to proceed in, hear, and determine the Causes and Matters of-all such Appeals, and shall give such Relief and Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they in their Discretion shall judge proper; and such Judgments and Orders therein made shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and to all Intents and P Tposes whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in So much of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the 6 Geo. 2. c. 3l. Second, intituled An Act for the Relief of Parishes and other Places §1, 2, as au- from such Charges as may artfe from Bastard Children horn within the thari2es t!ustice3 same, as authorizes the Justice or Justices before whom the reputed ^Fadieri

Father 1

15$

before Birth of the Bastard, repealed.

No future Appeal without Notice.[*Ste§50

48 G. 3. c. 48.

C68 — 71. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Father of a Ballard Child shall be brought, in Cases where the Woman has not been delivered, to commit such reputed Father to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, unless he shall give Security to indemnify' the Parish or Place, or (hah enter into a Recognizance with sufficient Surety upon Condition to appear at the next General Quarter Stiltons or General Sessions of the Peace, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Appeal in any Case relating to Bastardy shall be brought, received, or heard at the said Quarter S (lions, unless such Notice shall have been given, and such Recognizance (h*il have been entered into in Manuer aforesaid, according to the Provisions of this Act

fl Commencement of Ad, 20th July 1809. §8.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have inadvertently printed, published, or dispersed Papers or Books without a full Description of the Place of Abode of the Printers thereof, from Penalties incurred under an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign.

[3d June 1809.]

39 G. 3. c. 79 /. 27. recited. Persons having printed Papers or Books with the Name of the Street of their Abode, omitting the of Name of the Town or City (qr vicevcrfa), indemnified against " Penalties under recited Act. § i. Ad shall not extend to Cou-11 vidions or Judgments had before the passing of the Ad. §3.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General of Ireland to purchase Premises for the Enlargement of the General Post Office in the City of Dublin.

[3d June 1809.]

u Postmaster General of Ireland empowered to contract for the Pre-« mises on which the Post Office in Dublin Hands. $ I. Powers of former Act extended to this Act. §2. Money necessary for the " Purposes of this and former Act shall be paid out of the Duty on u Postage. §3.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen Millions Six hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

[3d June 1809.]

fi Every Contributor of 100l. shall be entitled from 5th April 1809 " to a Principal of Sol. in the Four per Cents. 60l. in the Three u per Cents Reduced; and an Annuity of 8x. 10d. for 50 Years and "9Months. §1. Duties under 46 G. 3. c. 65. shall not be charged V on the first half Year's Dividends. §8. Treasury may remit to " Ireland 3, 000, 000l. §24. To be provided for in Ireland. §12: u 600, 000l. for the Service of the Prince Regent of Portugal raised " in the Three per Cents Reduced, creating a Capital of 895, 522l.

*57

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 71, 72, 73 i

Js. 9d. Interest 26, 865l. 13*. Sinking Fund 50, 000l.

Charges of Management 304l. 9l. 6|J. All to be provided for by the said Prince. §§ 13. 16. 25. 800l. per Million may be retained by the Bank as the whole Charges of Management. §28. Forging Receipts for Contributions, Felony without Clergy. $32. Bank " shall remain a Corporation till Annuities under this Act shall 4' cease. f 33.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland. for the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Passages through the same, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof, and for other Purposes.

[3d June 1809.]

Irish Act 21 & 22 G. 3. c. 17. (continued by 22 & 24 G- 3. r. 31

30 G. 3. c. 19.) further continued to 25th March 1811. Provisions in recited Act respecting the Freedom of the Coal Trade, declared to be in force. §2. Act may be altered this Session. §3.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and upon British Spirits imported into Ireland, and upon Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors in Ireland in Quantities not less than Two Gallons.

[10th June 1809.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembicd, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have freely and voluntarily rtfolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Duty Duty on Spirits, of Excise charged and payable under and by virtue of any Act or Acts masse in Ireland, in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitae, Strong Watets, or Spirits, made or Great Britaill distilled in Ireland from Corn malted or unmalted or from Sugar, or for after Sept. 29, which any Distiller in Ireland is chargeable by Law, and also the 1809, shall be Duty on the Importation into Ireland from Great Britain on every charged Gallon of Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain, or Sugar, in ^rSuIncth Great Britain, shall, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September eiT enStn* One thousand eight hundred and nine, be charged and paid in Ireland on all such Spirits as shall be of a Strength not exceeding the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and that for and upon every Gallon of all such Spirits of a greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, there shall be paid the like Duty as is payable for Spirits not exceeding the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof 5 and also a further Duty in proposition to the Duty payable for Spirits of the same Denomination according to the Degree of

6 Strength

C-73>74« 49° GEO- III. A.D. T&09.

Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-on Dcenc« to* ninth Day of September One thousand eififht hundred and nine, so much fell Liquor* from an Act made in the Forty-Eighth Year of His present Majesty's 2 to 50 Galions, Reign, intituled An Act to repeal certain Duties of Excise in Ireland* repealed. and to grant certain Stamp Duties in lieu thereof, and also certain other

Stamp Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and of the Schedule thereto annexed, as imposes any Duties on Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities not less than Two Gallons and not exceeding Fifty Galions, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

like Duty on

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-

Spirta from2 to n'nt^ Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, there 50Galions, as on shall he paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and Retail Licences, upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrosstd, written, or printed any Licence to any Person in Ireland to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors in any Place in Ireland in Quantities not less than Two Galions, the like Stamp Duty as is payable under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland on a Licence to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in any such Place respectively.

u Duties placed under the Management of Commissioners of Customs* " Excise, and Stamps respectively. §4.

Regulations may V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for be made by the Commissioners of inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three Commissioners of of them, to frame and make such Rules and Regulations, and to give Excise and such Orders and Directions to the several Officers of Excise and afoerminin*' the Custoras in /1 eland, and to the several Distillers and Persone making Stren«nl> ol or distilling of Spirits in Ireland for the ascertaining the Strength aC Spirits, &c. which any Spirits shall be distilled in Ireland, and the Amount of the Duty payable thereon in proposition to such Strength; and in like Manner it (halite lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Three of them, to frame and make such Rules and Regulations, and to give such Orders and Directions to the several Officers of Customs in Ireland, and to all Persons concerned in the Importation into Ireland of Spirits made and distilled in Great Britain, for the ascertaining the Strength of such Spirits, and the Amount of the Duty payable thereon, in proposition to such Strength as the said Commissioners respectively shall from Time to Time think fitting and expedient f -r such Purposes; and all such Rules, Regulations, Orders, and Directions, shall be obeyed and complied with by all Officers of the Excise and Customs, and by all Distulers and other Persons concerned in the distilling or importing of any such Spirits respectively.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland.

[ioth June 1809.]

6 M Recital

*si

Duties under

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO- III. C. 74, 75. Xg9

" Recital of Stats. 45 G. 3, c. 185 46 G. 3.A 62; 47 G. 3.^. k c. 31; u 47 G.3.j#. a. r. 165 47 G. 3 JI. 2. c. 18; (lad continued and amended " by 48 G. 3. c. 80.) Duties and Drawbacks under recited Acts " continued till 3th July 1810, except tie Drawbacks and Bounries u on Sugar, &c. provided by 47 G. 3. ft, 1. c. 195 (continued by V 49 G. 3. 30.) Regulations in all the recited A&3 also continued

" to said 3th July 1810. §1. Duties shall be carried to the Irish

" Consolidated Fund. §2. Acts may be altered this Session. §3.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to provide for the better Collection of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Servants, Horses, and Dogs, in Ireland.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for the Cohesion of the Rates and Duties in respect of Carriages, Servants, Horses, and Dogs, in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Parts of an Act, made in the Forty-eighth Year 43 q. 3. c. 42. of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His §5. as to general Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Carriages, Notices by Dogs, Fire hearths* Vorses, Male Servants, and Windows, in former Duties and Taxes in respect of the like Articles, as enacts, That the Collector of the Taxes on Fire-hearths, or some Officer appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, shall yearly within Sixty-one Days after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, and in each and every subsequent Year, cause to be affixed on the Doon of the Church, Chapel, Market-House, or publick School House of every Parish or Place, as in the said Act mentioned, a general Notice to the Persons residing in such Parish or Place, to make out and deliver the Lifts and Accounts of Carriages,

Servants, Horses, and Dogs, as in the said Act is mentioned, in Manlier as by the said Act is directed, and as imposes any Penalty on any Person who shall negkft or refuse to make out or deliver such Lift or Account in Manner in the said Act mentioned; and also so much and and §7, as to such Part of the said recited Act as directs that the Colltftors of the particular Taxes on Fire-hearths, or other Officer in the said Act mentioned, Notic^by them. shall yearly within Sixty-one Days after the Fifth Day of January re*

One thousand eight hundred and nine, and in each and every subsequent Year, leave particular Noticts with the Persons in the said Act mentioned, to prepare and produce and deliver Lifts and Accounts in the said Act mentioned, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Supervisors of the Taxes Colle<stors, &c. on Firc-hearihs, or the Collectors thereof in their respective Walks or shall yearly post Divisions, or any other Officer appointed for that Purpose by the gene»l Ntices Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, shall, within Sixty-one x)oorsU&c for Days after the passing of this Act, and yearly within Sixty-one Days Returns under after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, 47 G. a. ft. 1. and in each and every Jiibsequent Year and at such other Days and c. 21- from Times as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint, cause to be affixed on the*e utiles,

Door*

!<S» C. 7$. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market-House, or publick School House, if any such there shall be, of every Parish or Place within the respective Walks or Divisions of such Supervisor, ColLftor, or Officer, or in such of the said Parishes and Places as shall he prescribed and directed by the said Commissioners (and if any Parish or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, Market-House, or publick School House therein, then on the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market-House or School House of the nearest or adjoining Parish), a general Notice in Writing signed by such Supervisor, Collector, or other Officer, in such Form as shall be directed by the said Commission era, addressed to all Persons residing in such Parish or Place, who by an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for regulating and securing the Colie Sion of certain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in respeS of Dwelling Houses, Fire* hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs, and Carriages, arc required to make out, and deliver Lilts or Accounts of Carriages, Servants, Horses, and Dogs, requiring that such Persons shall make out the Lifts and Accounts required by the said recited Act, and shall deliver the same directed to or for the said Supervisor or Co ileft: >r of Taxes on Fire-hearths, or to or for the said Officer appointed as afere-said, at iome House or Place within the said Parish or Place to be specified in such Notice, within Twenty-one Days after the Date of such Notice; and such general Notice shall from Time to Time, when the same shall be affixed, be deemed a Requifnion or Demand upon every Person within such Parish or Place, to deliver such Lifts or Accounts within the said Space of Twenty-one Days accordingly; and if any Person within such Parish or Place shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Lift or Account at the House or Place mentioned in such Notice, directed in Manner aforesaid, within the said Space of Twenty-one Days, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lift or Account, every such Person shall for every such Offence be subject and liable to the like Penalties and Forfeitures and Payments as Persons neglecting to deliver Lifts or Accounts of Carriages, Servants, Horses, or Dogs, or delivering undue or false Lifts or Accounts of such Matters, are by the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid subject and liable; and all Persons shall be liable to such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Payments, for not complying with such general Notices, whether any particular Notice requiring any such Lift shall have been delivered or left to or for such Person or not; and if any such general Notice so affixed shall be removed or defaced at any Time during the said Space of Twenty-one Days, the respective Supervisor or Collector, or any Officer concerned in the Collection of Hearth Money, shall, from Time to Time, cause a similar Notice to be so affixed, and so from Time to Time as often as Occasion shall require during the said Space of Twenty-one Days; and any Person who shall wilfully tear, deface, or obliterate any such Notice so affixed, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor ltfs than Five Pounds.

Particular

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whether such general

Notices shall also Notice shall be peffted or not as aforesaid, the Collector of the Taxes 0 on Fire-hearth?, or any Officer appointed by or acting under the Corn-requiring missioners of Inland Excise ani Taxes in Ireland, to colhft or super-

Retum-s from intend the Coiltftion of all or any of the Duties and Taxes under the

Peifous liable to Management of the said Commissioners, shall and may, from Time to Duties. Time,

A.D. 1809. 4p° GEO. III. C. 7$.

Time, give or serve, or cause to be given or served, a particular Notice or Notices with any Person or Persons in their relpt ftive Walks, Divisions, or Di'*r»£b, liable or supposed to be liable to the Duties on Carriages, Male Servants, Does, Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, or any of them, requiring ail inch Persons respectively to deliver to such ColUft >r or within Ten Day* n<xt after such Notice given or

served. the several LilU and Accounts required to be delivered by the Lid recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid, in Manner required by the said recited Act 5 and that it shall and may be lawful for such Supervisor or Collector of the Taxes on Fire-hearths, or other Officer as aforesaid, to cause such Notice to be serv.-d at the House or Place of Abode of any such Person, by delivering the same to the Owner or Occupier of such House, or to the Wife, or to some Child or Servant of any such Person above the Age of Sixteen Years; and every Notice so fci ved shall be deemed to be duly given and served within the Intent and Meaning of this Act. and of every Act in force in Ireland respecting the Duties on Fire-hearths, Windows, Carriages, Servants, Horses, or Dogs; and in case any Person to or on whom, or at whose House or Place of Abode any such Notice shall be so given or served as aforesaid, shall neghft or refuse to deliver any such Lilt or Account as shall by the said Notice be required, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lift or Account, every such Person shall for every such Offence be subj.ft and liable to the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Payments, as Persons negh sting to deliver such Lifts or Accounts, or delivering undue or false Lifts or Accounts, are subject and liable to by or under the f ii recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid; and all such Persons shall be liable to the said Penalties, Forfeitures, and Payments, for not complying with such particular Notices, whether any such general Notice as by this Act is required shall have been polled in Manner aforesaid or not.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Notices by this Act required to be given by any Officer in respect of the Rates, Taxes, and Duties mentioned in this Act, requiring such Lift or Account as therciu mentioned, and the frveral Lifts or Accounts to be delivered pursuant to such Notices by every Person subject to the said Rates, Taxes, and Duties, or any of them, shall and may be in such Form and Forms, adapted to the particular Lifts or Accounts required, as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland may from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person having or owning any House subject to any Tax in respect ot Fire* hearths or Windows, or keeping, using, retaining or employing any Carnage or any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Dog, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, upon or in respect of which any Rate, Tax or Duty is or nftay be payable as aforesaid, shall be absent from the Place of his Abode at the Time of the Service of such Notice requiring such Lift or Account with resptft to such Taxe^ as aforesaid, thru a List or Account of any and every Carriage, or Male Servant or Male Person, or Dog or Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, kept, used, retained, or employed by such Person, made out and subscribed by the Agent, Steward or Servant of such Person so absent and delivered as aforesaid, shall be to all Intents and Perpofcg of the same Effect as if such Lift or Account were made out and subscribed and delivered by the Person owning and occupying such House,

49 Geo. III. M or

t6t

Notices, See. may be in Form prescribed by

ComiaiifiouMs.

In absence of Parties, Lifts may be delivered by their Servants.

162

CoadiVnakcis fttall keep Aef-ouni? of Second-hand ('arrid^cs sold by ikeju.

Penalty for N#glt& 5 Oh

Books of Coach-makers, &c. fl.alV be kept in.Form directed l>y Ceuiuullioners.

Penalty 5 61,

C. 75. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

or keeping, using or emptying any such Carriage, M-le Srrvant or Male Person, Dog, Hotfe, M:rr, Ge'ding. or Mule r* foedively, as the Cale may he; and in case Inch Li(l or Account shall be an undue JLid or Account, the same shall subject such Own-r or Orcup*er. or Person nfing or employing fu^h Carria/e, Male Servant or Male Perfm, Dog, H 'rfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule respectively, to the like Payments, Penalties and Forfeitures, as if the same had been made and subscribed by himself or lie rfe, I resp dlively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Coachmak-r or Maker of Carriages in Ireland, who from and after the passing o( this Act shall part with, fell, or difp de of any Carriage at second hand on his or her own Account, whether the same shall have been repaired or alter* d by such Coachmaker or not, shall enter in a Book to be kept foleey fer that Purpose an Account of the Number and Kind of each such Carriage so parted with or fold or d»fp >fed of, distirguifhirg the Number of Wheel* of each, and if with hfs than Four Wheels, whether con-ttrudfed to be drawn by Twfo Horfts abreast or other wise; and the Names and DescriptHis and Places of Abode of the several Persons to whom every such Carriage wa« fold, parted with or disposed of re-fpictively, and the particular Day when each such Carriage was delivered or ftnt out of the Shop or Concerns of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages respectively; and all such Books shall be open to the Inspection of the like Officers, and Copies of the Entries therein shall be delivered and verified upon Oath or Affirmation in like Manner as by the said recited Act made in the Forty feverth Yrar aforesaid, intituled An Act to provide for regulating and securing the Co (led ion of certain Rates and Taxes in I relard, in respect of Dwelling houses, Fire-hearths, Windows, Male Servants, HorJ'es, Dogs, and Carriages, is required with resptdl to the Books in and by the said recited A dt required to be kept by any such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages; and if any such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall negh&to keep such Book, or to deliver such Copies of the Entries therei» verified as aforesaid, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein, or shall refuse to admit any such Col'«dT>r or other Officer into the House, Manuf dlory, Workshop, or other Buildings of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, at a reasonable Hour in the Day* time for the Purposes aforesaid, such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further emdied. That the Books required to be kept by every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages for the Purpose of entering the Number and Kind of Carriages which shall be built or constructed for Sale by such Coachmaker, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid, and also the Books by this present Act required to be kept by every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages for entering the Particulars of Carriages sold at second-hand, and also the Books required by the said last-recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year to be kept by every Person selling Carriages by Auction or on Commission, shall be kept in such Form or Forms of Columns and Headings respectively or otherwise as shall from Time to Time be fumiffied or ordered, appointed or directed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes; and if any Coachmaker -or Maker of Carriages, or Person felling by Auction or on Commission, shall uegUdt or refuse to keep such Books or any of them in such

163

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 75.

Forms as shall be so furnished, ordered, appointed or dirrdled, such C oachmaktr or Maker of Carriages or other Person shall for every such Offence' forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Carriage shall be sold i'r diipofrd of by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, such Coachm-tker or Mak* r of Carriages shall, before such Carriage fhalibe sent out of cr from h*s or her Shop, Warehouse or Concerns, apply to the proper Officer of Excise in the District for a Permit to convey such Carriage to the Person to whom the same shall have been parted with, fold, or disposed of by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and such Officer shall forthwith without Delay grant such Permit accordingly without Fee or Reward, dating the Nature or Kind and Dcfiription of the Carriage, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Coachmaktr or Maker of Carriages, and of the Person to whom the same is to be conveyed; and if any Carriage so sold or disposed of shall be removed out of or from the Shop, Warehouse or Concern of any such Coachnr.sker or Maker of Carriages without such Permit duly obtained as aforesaid, such Coachmaker shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages fhril part with, fell, or dispose of any Carriage whatever, whether the fam^ shall be new or second-hand, every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carnages shall, within Twenty four Hours after such Carriage shall be sent but of his or her Shop, Warehouse, or Concerns, deliver at the Office of the Coliedor, or to same Officer of Excise of the District in which such Shop or Warehouse shall be situate, a full and true Copy of the Entry made by him according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year or this Act, with respect to the Sale and Disposal of such Carriage, together with the Date of the Permit sent out with the same; and if any such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall neglect or refuse to deliver the Copy of such Entry at the Office of such Collector, or to such Officer within the Timt aforesaid, such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Aud'iioneer or Person feliing by Commission, shall fell by Auction any Carnage subject or liable to any internal Tax or Duty in Ireland, unless such Audfior.eer or Person felling by Commission shall have given Forty-eight Hour3 previous Notice of such intended Sale at the Excise Office of the Dliridl in which such Carriage shall be intended to be sold; and that every Person who shall fell any such Carriage by AudHon or on Commission, shall, within Twenty four Hours after such Sale, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Excise Office of the District, or to some Officer of Excise in the District in which such Sale shall take place, a Notice signed by such Auctioneer or Seller as aforesaid, containing the Name, Addition, and Place of Abode of the Person to whom such Carriage shall be sold, and the Day of the Month and the Year when the same wa3 so fold; and every such Auctioneer or Seller as aforesaid, who shall neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such Notice, shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person who shall be chargeable with any Duty in respect of any Carriage kept by

M2 such

Carriages sold by C oach makers shall not be removed without Permit

Penalty 20b

On Sale of Carriage, whether new or second-band. Coach-maker shall fend Copy of Entry of Sale to the Excise Office.

Penalty aoh

Sellers of Carriages by Auction, 8cc. shall give Forty-eigha Hours Notice of Sale, and aft* r Sale give Notice of Purchasef.

Penalty lo|»

Private Persons felling Carnage* shall tend Mount

164

thorrof to the

Excise Office, or ih; ill continue chargeable.

JVrfnns having arria<; es, of the Sale u hereof Notice ll-all not ha\<' been nivni, shall I't.y double Dtity.

Carriages imjxifttd into Ireland shall not be removed without Permit from Officer of hxcise.

i'euaky 20l.

C-75- 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

such Person, shall part with, fell, or dispose of any such Carriage to any other Person, the Person so felting, parting with, or disposing of such Carriage, shall, within Twenty-four Hou«-s after the same fh11 be so fold, parted with, or disposed of, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Excise Office of the District, or to f me Officer of Excise in the District in wh*ch such Person flnll rt fPe, a Notice signed with the Name of such Person, describing the Nature or Kind of such Carnage, and the Name?, Additions, and Place of Abode of the Person to whom such Can-tag.- shall be so parted with, fold, or disposed of, and the Day of the Month and Year when the same was parted with, sold or disposed of; and if any Person who shall part with, fell, or dispose of any such Carriage, shall neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such Notice as aforesaid, tvtry such Person shall conticue chargeable with the Duties in resptft of such Carriage as if the same had remained in his Custody or Pofflflion until such Notice shall be delivered in Manner aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of th'S Act, if any Person in Ireland (had receive or have in his or her Custody or Possession any Carriage which shall have been sold or disposed of to such Person at any Time after the Expiration of such Calendar Month, and of the Sale and Disposal whereof due Notice shall not have been given according to the Dirr&ions of this Act, every such Person shill be liable to and Ihdl be charged with and pay Double the Duty which such Person ought otherwise by Law to be charged with in rtfpedt of such Carriage for the Year, in any P rt of which such Carriage shall have so been in the Custody or Possession of such Person, without such Notice having been given as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Coach or other Carriage which by Law is liable to any Duty under the M-magement of the Commissioners of inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, shall be imported into Ireland, the Entry which shall be made of such Carriage at the Port of Importation, {hdl contain the Description of such Carriage, distinguisting the Number of Wheels, and if with less than Four Wheels whether conttru&ed to be drawn by Two Horse# abreail or otherwise, fp as to ascertain the Inland Dutits payable in respect of such Carriage by the Owner thereof, and also the Name, Addition, and Place of Abode of the Person on whose Account such Carriage was imported, and a Copy of such Entry shall forthwith without Delay be sent and delivered by the Officer of the Cuflpms making such Entry, to the proper Officer of Excise in such P.^rt of Entry; and such Officer of Excile {hdl forthwith and without Driay and upon Demand grant a Permit lor conveying the same from the Customhouse or Place of Entry to the Residence of the Owner thereof, or to such Place as such Owner or foroe Person in his Behalf Hull require and direct; and if any such Carriage so imported shall be found without such Permit, after the same shall have been removed from the Customhouse or Place of Entry, and before it shall have been placed in the Custody of the Owner thereof, or according to his Order or Direction such Carriage may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and shall be forfeited unless the Sum of Twenty Pounds shall be paid for the same.to the Collector of Excise for the District in which the same shill be so seized as aforesaid, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO- III. 0, 75, 76.

XIV. And be it farther enacted, That no Boy apprenticed to serve for any Term not exceeding Seven Years by the Foundling Hospital, the Incorporated Society, the Hibernian School for Soldiers' Children, the Hibernian Marine Society, or any Society or Charitable Inilitution in Ireland for the Care and Education of Children supported in the Whole or in part by Publick Money or Assessment, (hill, during the Term of his Apprenticcih'p, be deemed a Male Servant within the Meaning of the said Act of the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting to His Majesty Duties and Taxes in Ireland in respect of Carriages, Dogs, Fire-hearths, Horses, Male Servants, and Windows, so as to induce any Tax or Charge under the said Act for or in respect of such Boy serving any Person; nor fha.il any Person whom such Boy Hull serve be liable to any Tax or Charge during such Aoprenticefh p, for or in respect of such Persons retaining or employing such Boy as a Male Servant; any Thing in the said recited Act or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

Powers of former Act*, 47 3- ft- r. c. 21. and 48 G. 3, c. 42.

M qstended to this Act. §15.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for vesting in the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, by Advice of the Privy Council the Power of prohibiting the Exportation and carrying Coastwise of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, Arms, Ammunition, and Naval Stores.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Powers veiled in His Majesty, by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A Subjtdy granted to the King, of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise exported and imported; by another Act pdf. d in «. the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George ' the Second, intituled An Act to empower His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Salt pelre % and tb enforce the Caw for empowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms and Ammunition, and also to empower His Majesty to restrain the carrying CoaJlwifC) of Salt petre % Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms or Am - munition; and by another Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to restrain the Exportation of Naval Stores, and more effectually to prevent the Exportation of Salt-petrc, Arms, and Ammunition, when prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council, for prohibiting the Exportation ' from Great Britain, and the carrying Coastwise, of Gunpowder,

4 Salt-petre, Arms or Ammunition, and Naval Scores, should be veiled

in like Manner, as far as regards Ireland, in the Lord Lieutenant ' or other Chief Governor or Governors there for the Time being,

' with the Advice of His Majesty's Pi ivy Council of Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it Hvill and may be lawful, during the Continuance of the said Acts, for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice

M 3 of

165

Boys apprentic ed by Charities shall not be rated aa, Servants.

Englifti Ad* v

12 Car. 2. c. 4. §13.

s

Pritish Acts,

29 G. 2. C. 16.

33 G. 3. C. 2.

Lord Lieutmant and Council of Ireland may, by Proclamation or

166

Order, prohibit the Exportation or carrying Coastwise of Gunpowder, Arms, Ammunition, &c.

Regulations fn recited Act» extendi d to Proclamations and Orders under Act.

47 G.S. ft.l. C. 18.

47 G. 3. ft.l* C. 38. §2. '

j^.14#

G. 75, 77. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

of His Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, by Proclamation or Order of Council, when he and they shall see cause, and for such Time as shall be therein exprtfTed, to prohibit the exporting out of Ireland or the carrying Coastwise, and the attempting such Exportation or carrying Coastwise of Gunpowder, Salt-petre. Arms or Ammunition, Pitr Iron, Bar Inn, Hemp, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Turpentine, Anchors, Cables, Cordage, Malta, Yards, Bowsprits, Oars. Oakum, Oker, Sheet Cop. per, and o: her Naval Stort9, in the Manner authorised and provided in the said Acts respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Ike Exceptions and Provides, Rules, Regulations, and Rcttridions, Penalties and Forfeitures, which are specified and imposed in the fifid Acts respectiv'-ly, in the Case of any Proclamation or Order of Council for such Prohibition to export from Great Britain or carry Coastwise. or for attempting such Exportation or carrying Coastwise as described in the said Acts> shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be in force, in the Case of any such Proclamation or Order of Council iffufd as aforesaid by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend the several Acts for securing the Duties on Paper made in Ireland.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respeti thereof, in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Taxes, and Drawbacks, a certain Duty of Excise of One Penny for every Pound Weight is imposed on Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without any Mixture of other

Materials therewith; and by another Act, made in the same Session of Parliament, for amending several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, it is amongst

other Things enacted, that Brown Paper made of old Ropes dr Cordage only, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Paper of the Second Clafb; and it is also, by the said last recited Act, among other Things enacted, that if in any Engine of which Notice shall be given by any Paper Maker as employed in the making of Paper, chargeable with a Duty not exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, any Materials shall be at any Time found other than old Ropes ard Cordage, then and in every such Case, such Paper Maker shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: And whereas it sometimes happens that certain refuse Materials fit only for making Brown Paper, and not fit for or capable of making Paper chargeable under the said Acts, with any Duty exceeding One Penny per Pound

Weight, is occasionally mixed with such old Ropes or Cordage, for the making of such Brown Paper; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without any

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 77, 78, 79.^167

Mixture of other Materials therewith, in Manner in the said Act men- I'3!*1, tioced, or made of such old Ropes or Cordage mixed with such refuse ^r^alse> Materials only, as are not fit for makine any Paper chargeable with fit oniy for a Duty exceeding One Penny per Pound Weight, shall be liable to the inferior Paper, said Duty of One Ptnov per Pound Weight, and shall be denominated shall be liable to Paper of the Second Cat's under the said recited Acts; and that so the Duty of id. much of the said last recited Act as dirtfts, that if in any Engine of shroud any Paper Maker of which Notice shall be given as aforesaid, any Q»fsC &c. U Materials shall be found other than old Ropes or Cordage, such Paper

Maker shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That tf in any Engine of any Paper Penalty, if in Maker, of which Notice shall be given under the said last recited Engine em-Act as employed in the making of P^-per chargeable with a Duty not ployed for low-exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, any Materials

fit for making a higher priced Paper than such Paper as old Ropes or Materials fit for Cordage will make, or any Materials fit for making or which can making higher b»employed in making any Paper chargeable with a Duty excetding priced Paper, One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, shall be at any Time 100l. found, then and in every such Case such Paper Maker shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in like Manner as any other Penalty of like* Amount may be recovered and applied under or by virtue of the said ^ail recited Act.

III. And be it declared and enssted, That every Paper Maker in H w Paper Ireland shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay for and in Makers shall pay respect of every Vat or Wet Press which-ever shall be most in Number, for Vais or Wet which shall at any Time be kept or used by such Paper Maker, the keiH several and respective Sums which by the said recited Act of the r$'47 q 3 porty-seventh Year aforesaid, for amending the Aft3 for regulating^1. c. 38. §4.] ?nd securing the Colltftton gf the Duties on Paper made in Ireland,

are charged and m ide payable for or in respect of any Vat or Wet Press of such Paper Maker, whether such Sum is charged and made payable for any Vat or Wei Press kept or used, or for any Vat or Wet Press k-pt and used by any such Paper Maker, at such Time and in such Propositions as in the said lift recited Act is mentioned, specisted, and contained.

" Powers of recited Acts, 47 c. 18. and c 38. extended

to this Act. §4.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of One Million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland.

[10th June 1809.]

" Contributors for every ioo/. (Irish Cu rency,) shall be entitled " to 120l. in the Irish per Cents, from 25 December 1808; and

" to 9l. is. 6d. in Treasury Bills payable in Four Years from 25 March 1899, and bearing Interest at 5 per Cent, per Annum. § I. Forging " Receipt or Debentures Felony without Clergy. §19,

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[10th June 1809.]

j 68

A.D. 1809.

10 C. i. c. 10.

§ ai, &.«.

Dealers 5n Coffee may roast their own Coffee on making Entry at the next Office of Excite.

Penalty for not making Entry 50l.

Dealers receiving unroafted Coffee in less Quantity than 56lbs. shall not be permitted to roast Coffee.

Penalty 50l.

C. 80. 49° GEO. III.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for allowing Dealers to roast their own Coffee on certain Conditions.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by in Act made In the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, among other Things for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee imported, and for granting certain Inland Duties in lien thereof, the Commissioners for the said Inland Duties for the Time btirg, or the major Part of them, are authorised and empowered to provde Houses for the

roasting of Coffee, and to appoint Officers for attending the fime, and One or more Person or Persons well skilled in the roasting of Coffee, to attend at each such Roasting House for that Purpose;

and it was by the said Act directed, that from and after the providing of such Roasting Houses, and during the Continuance of the same for the Purposes aforesaid, no Coffee Berries should be

roacted, burnt, or dried in Great Britain, in order to make the same fit for Sale, but in some or One of those Houses, under the Penalties in the said Act mentioned, and certain other Provisions were by the said Act made with respect to such Roasting Houses: And whereas it is expedient to allow all Sellers of and Dealers in Coffee to roast their own Coffee, under, subject, and according to the Rules and

Regulations herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefept Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act ail Sellers of and Dealers in Coffee shall be at liberty to roast his, her, or their own Coffee, under, subject, and according to the Rules and Regulations herein after mentioned; that is to say, Every such Seller of and Dealer in Coffee, being desirous to roast Coffee, shall, before he, she, or they, shall prtfume to roast any Coffee, make true and particular Entry in Writing at the next Office of Excise, of One or more Room or Rooms for that Purpose, which Room and Rooms respectively shall either be adjoining or as near as possible to the Rooms or Places by him, her, or them entered and made use of, for keep ng Raw Coffee; and if any Seller of or Dealer in Coffee shall presume to ro^lt any Coffee m any Room or Place whereof he, she, or they shall not have made such Entry as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pound?, togtther with all the Coffee which shall at any Time be found in any such Room or Place whereof no such Entry shall be made: Provided always nevertheless, that no Seller of or Dealer in Coffee, who shall at any Time receive into his, her, or their Custody or Poffdfion, any unroafted Coffee, less in Quantity than Fifty-six rounds, save and except Coffee returned to him, her, or them, by any Customer for being disliked, shall be at liberty to roast, or put in Operation of roacting, or shall presume to roast, or put in operation of roacting, any Coffee; and if any Seller of or Dealer in Coffee shall contrary to the Directions of this Act, presume to roast, or put in operation of roacting, any Coffee, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with all such Coffee by him, her, or them so roalted or put in operation of roasting.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.$o.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, from Time to Time and at all Times by Day and by Night upon his or their Request (bnt if in the Night in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace), to enter into all and every Room and Rooms entered or made use of by any such Importer, Seller, or Dealer in Coffee, for the Purpose of roasting or burning Coffee, and to in-spest, examine, weigh, or take Account of all the Coffee, either raw, roacting, or roacted, which shall at any Time be in any such Room or Rooms, and to remain and continue in any such Room or Rooms during the Time that any Coffee shall be in the Operation of roasting.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, or any or either of then*, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to take at any Time and Times a Sample or Samples of any Coffee, cither raw, roacting, or roasted* which such Officer or Officers shall at any Time find in any such Room or Rooms pay ing for every such Sample the usual Price thei^of; and in case any Seller or Seliers, or Dealer or Dealers in Coffee* or any Workman Qr Servant to him, her, or them belonging, shall refuse to permit such Officer or Officers to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his or their offering to pay for the same after the Rate aforesaid, or shall any wife obstruct or hinder him or them in taking such Sample or Samples, such Seller or Seliers, or Dealer or Dealers in Coffee so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Commissioners may permit the Dfe of the present roasting Houses tiil 08. jo,809. $4.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any PerCon whatsoever shall affaijlt, oppose, moled, obstruct, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby granted other than in any Case for which a Penalty is herein-before specifically imposed, all and every such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence severally forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pound?.

VI. And whereas the Officers who before and at the Time of*passing this Act were employed in the roasting of Coffee may, by reason of the Liberty given by this Act, be without such Employment, and may thereby lose their Salaries, and it is therefore expedient that some Compensation should be made to such Officers for the Loss of such their Salaries j* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, to direct during Pleasure the Commissioners of Excise to pay to such Officers out nt the Revenue of Excise such Yearly Allowances as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successjrs, shall judge fit, so as no Allowance to any such Officer shall exceed Three-fourths of the Yearly Amount of the Salary of which he or they is, are, or shall be deprived in consequence of such Liberty as aforesaid being given by this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That ail Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall and may be iued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated by such Ways, Means, and Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information

I6j>

Officers of Excise may efiter the Premises of Pcalers,

and may taka Samples of Coffee*

Penalty for refilling Samples* 10Ql.

Penalty on obftnnSting Officers, 100l.

Compensation to Officers for Lola of Salary for roasting Coffee.

Penalties shall be levied and recovered as under former Laws of Excise.

170

C. 8o, 3l.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

tion in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster. or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or Cue for the same.

47 G. 3. ft. St.

c. 30. §13. repealing 34 G. 3. C. 20.

19.

instead of Penalty of 5001. under 34 G. 3. <*. 20. Persons counterfeiting Marks on Paper, or having Paper in their Possession with such counterfeited Marks, &c. shall be guilty of Felony, and transported for seven years.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Paper, Silks, and Salt, and for authorising the Seizure of Utensils in Cases where Vessels used in Excise Manufactories are subject to Forfeiture.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act, made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other Things to amend several Laws of Excise in Great Britain, so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as i3 recited in the said Clause is repealed, save and except as is therein excepted, and it is by the said Ciapfe enabled, that if any Person or Persons whatever shall counterfeit or

forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Scamp, Device, or Label provided or diredLd to br uftd in pursuance of the said Act made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, every Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall for such his, her, or their Offeree, be transported as a Felon or Felons for the Space of Seven Years: And whereas by the said Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His laid Majesty, it was also enacted, That if ary Person or Persons should counterfeit, forge, or resemble the Mark or IrrprcfTion of any such Stamp or Device in Manner therein mentioned, or should have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or should utter, vend, or lell any Paper with such 4 a counterfeit or forged Mark or Imprdhon as is therein mentioned, knowing the lame to be counterfeited or forged, cr should upon any Ream, Bundle, or Quantity of Paper as is therein mentioned, know, ingiy put or place any Cover, or Wrapper having thereon such counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression as is therein mentioned* ' or any such counterfeit Label, every such Person so offending therein should, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: And whereas in lieu of the said pecuniary Penalty of Five hundred Pounds by the said Act imposed. it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Act of the Fortyseventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty to Pet suns guilty ef any of the said Offences lastly hereinbefore recited Be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ?nd Commons, in this present Parliament a fie m bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons whatever shall upon any Cover or Wrapper of or belonging to or uftd with or upon any Label affixtd to any Ream or Quantity of Paper, or upon any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaltboard, or glazed Paper, counterfeit, forge, or resemble the Mark or Impression, or any Stamp or Device provided or directed to be used in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign,

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 8i*71

or shall have in his, her, or tluir Custody. or Possessiort, any such counterfeit Stamp or Device, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or shall utter, vend, or fell any Paper with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device on the Cover or Wrapper of such Paper, or on any Label affixed thereto, or any Pasteboard, Millboard,

Scaleboatrd, or glazed Paper, with a counterfeit or forged Mark or impression of any such Stamp or Device upon such Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, or glazed Paper, or upon any Label affixed thereto, knowing the same to be so counterfeited or forged, or shall upon any Ream or Quantity of Paper which has not been duly entered with the proper Officer or Officers, and charged with the Duty -of Excise imposed for or in respect of such Paper, knowingly put or place any Cover or Wrapper having thereon such counterfeit or forged Mark or impression, or any such counterfeit Label, every Person, so in either of the said Cases offending, and being thereof duly convicted,

shall, in lieu and ir.stead of the said Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, be adjudged a Felon, and shall for such his, her, or their Offence be transported as a Felon or Felons for the Space of Seven Years.

II. 'And whereas, by an Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present M?jdly, intituled An Act to repeal the 43 G. 3.C. 69.

4 Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties

in lieu thereof \ the Duties on Licences imposed by an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken 24 G, 3. c. 41.

' out by the Makers of and Dealers in exciseable Commodities therein mentioned, were repealed, and other Duties 011 Licences are by the ' Lid first mentioned Act imposed in lieu of the said Duties on Licences so repealed, and among the Duties so repealed was a Duty

of Ten Pounds on every Licence to be taken out by every Calico

Printer, and by every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Silks, Linens, Cottons or Stuffs: And whereas by the said Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid a Duty of Ten Pounds is imposed on every Licence to be taken out by every Calico Printer, and by

every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Linens, Cottons or Stuffs* v*but by Miilake no Licence Duty is by the said Act of the Forty-

third Year of His said Majesty's Reign impoLd on any Printer,

Painter or Stainer of Silks, and it is therefore expedient to rectify

the said Mitlake Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Printers, &c.ot

passing of this Act, every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Silks, shall Silks, shall take

take out such Licence, and pay for the same such Sum of Money as

he, ffie, or they would have been subject and liable to if the said Act 24q^c. 41.

of the Forty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid had not been made*

and shall also be subject and liable to the like Penalties for every Neglect to take out or renew any such Licence as such Person or Persons would have been subject or liable to if the said last mentioned Act had not been made.

III. And whereas by the said Act, made in the Forty-third Year 43 fc. 3# c. 6g 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Duty is imposed on Salted [Schedule A*

4 Beef, Pork or Bacon, brought by Land from Scotland to England, Salt.']

to be paid by the Person bringing the same upon Entry thereof at the nearest Office of Excise in England, on Pain of the Forfeiture of such Beef* Pork* or Bacon, or the Value thereof; And whereas

172

Salted Beef, &c. brought by Land from Scotland to England, if not entered at the nearest Excise Office, shall be forfeited.

38 G. 3. C. 89. §67.

§ 105.

Penalty for Deficiencies of Salt in the Possession of the Proprietors of Export Ware-houses and of Fish-curers, instead of l*2s. per Bushel under recited Act, shall be 17s. per Bushel,

C. 8l. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

it is expedient to make such Provision as is herein after mentioned for the Forfeiture of such Salted Beef, Pork, or Bacon; Be it therefore enacted, That the Person or Persons bringing- any Salted Beef, Pork, or Bacon, by Land, from Scotland to England, shall immediately on the Arrival thereof ir^ England make Entry thereof at the nearest Office of Excise in England, and in Default of making such Entry, all such Salted Beef, Pork, or Bacon, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited.

IV. And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty^ Reign, intitnhd yin Ail for transferring the 1 Management of the Salt Duties to the Contmifioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties. Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon, the Proprietor or Proprietors of any export Warehouse, provided and entered for the Purpose of laying, storin^, and keeping Salt (or Exportation at the Port of Liverpool or Bristol\ is and are for any Deficiency found upon the proper Officer of Excise weighing and taking the Account in the Month of "June therein directed of the Stock of Salt remaining in any inch Export Warehouse, subject and liable to forfeit and lose at and after the Rate of Twelve Shillings for every Bushel of Salt so deficient, One Sixth Part of which is by the said Act directed to be to the Officer or Officers who shall discover such Dtficiency, and the other Five Parts to and for the Use of His Majesty:

And whereas the Fish curer or Fish-curer9, whose Stock of Salt appears to be deficient on weighing and taking Account of and balancing the same in the Month oLMay, is by the said Act subject and liable to forfeit and lose at and after the Rate of Twelve bhiling3 for every Bushel of Salt so deficient, Five-Sixth Parts whereof is by the said Act directed to be applied to the Use of His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, and the remaining Sixth Part thereof to the Use of the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall discover such Deficiency: And whereas the said Sums of Twelve Shillings per Bushel respectively were Two Shillings per Bushel above the Rate of Duty to which Salt for Home Trade was liable at the

Time of passing the said Act, but by the Laws now in force the said Duty ha6 bcenraised to the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bushel,

and it is therefore expedient to raise the said respective Sums of Twelve Shillings in Manner herein-afteT mentioned; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Pro-: prietor or Proprietors of any such Export Warehouse shall in Lieu and instead of the said Sum of Twelve Shillings for every Bushel of Salt deficient in Manner in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, forfeit and lose at and after the Rate of Seventeen Shillings for every Bushel of such Salt which shall be so deficient, and that the Fish-curer or Fish-curers whose Stock of Salt shall appear to be deficient in Manner in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned shall, in liru and instead of the said Sum of Twelve Shillings for every Bushel of Salt deficient, in Manner in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, forfeit and lose at and after the Rate of Seventeen Shillings for every Bushel of such Salt which shall be so deficient: which said Sums of Money shall be paid and applied by the Commissioners of Excise in Manner herein after mentioned, that is to say, Fifteen-Seventeenth Parts

*73

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 8r.

thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the remaining Two Seventeenths to the Use of the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall discover such Deficiency.

V. And whereas by the said Act made in the Thirty eighth 38 G. 3. c. 89.

4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is enacted, That in §115*

case any Sdt, or Rock Salt, Tor which the Duties by tha* Act im- N°Relief shall

poled ffiili have been paid, of which shall have been delivered upon a 4 Bond, free of those Duties, shall be lolt or dtll royed through Strefa of Excise in of Weather, or Storms at Sea, or by the accidental or unavoidable London for Salt ending away, sinking, or branding of any Fiat, Boat, Barge, or loft by Capture 1 Veiled, in or on board of which any such Salt or Rock Salt shall on the Coast of be removing or transporting from one Piace to another, it should, CntaUj

and might be lawful for the Owner, Proprietor, or Shipper of such gwct 6

4 Sait or Rock Salt to make application in Writing for Relief to His 4 M jrtty's Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division,

or S lire neared: to which any such Accident Should happen at the Qu irttr Sessions of the Peace, or to the Commissioners of the Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or any Three of the said Coimmfll >ners, and thereupon it (hou'd and might be lawful to and for such Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions or Commissioners of Excise, or any Turee of fuen Commissioners respectively, to receive and admit such Application, and to examine all Parties touching the Matter contained therein, and upon due Proof of the Fast by Two or more Credible Witnessis, one of whom 4. Should be the Mailer or Mate of such Fiat, Boat, Barge, or Vessel, if such Miller or Mate be living at the Time such Justice or Commissioners respectivdv are thereby authorised and required to grant their Warrant in Manner in the said Act direct^d: And 39 G. 3.C. 65. 4 whereas by another Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, among other Things for amending an Act,

made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, the said Commissioners of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or any Three of them, are*

authorised to grant Relief in Manner therein mentioned with respect to Salt or Rock Sale loll by Capture of Enemies: And whereas it is expedient to rdlrift the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London to such Salt only as shall be lolt or ddlroytd on the Coalts of that Part of Great Britain called England and in Rivers or Inland Navigation thereof Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful to or for the Commissioners of Excise or any of them, to receive or admit any such Application, or to grant any Relief for or in respect of any Salt loft by Capture of Enemies on the Coall of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or loft or ddlroyed through Stress of Weather or Storms at Sea, or by the accidental or unavoidable calling away, linking, or llranding of any Fiat, Bi'at, Barge or Vessil, on the said last mentioned Coast, or in any Rivitr or Inland Negation in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; iny Thing in the said last mentioned Acts, or either of them, to the contrary in anywise iyutwwithstanding.

VI. And whereas by an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of 45 g. 3. c. 14. 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for gratiiing §3. Hpefting t additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain, it is enacted, That in all I>rawback$ ou

4 Cases Salt repealed.

Salt seized and put up to Sale which will not produce the X)uty Oiall he defbroyed, and the Commission-«ts shall reward the Seizer.

Utensils used with Vessels liable tp Forfeiture, shall also be forfeited.

Penalties shall be levied as under Ejdfe Laws.

C. 8r. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Cases where Duties are granted and Drawbacks allowed by that

Ad on any specific Quantity of S ilt, the lame fr.ouid in every Case be uitderttond and deemed and taken to apply in the same Propor-

tion and after the same Rate to any greater or less Quantity than

such specific Quantity: Ai: d whereas it is exDfdiciit to repeal so much of the said lecifed Chute, as relates to the said Drawbacks; Be it therefore enadrd, That so much of said recited Clause, as relates to the said Drawbacks, shall be and the same »s hrrtby repealed.

VII. And whereas Sait seized by the Officers rf Excise is frequenly so saul and dirty that it will not fell b r#a Sum equal to the Amount of the Duties, and the Sale thereof at a less Piice would

he injurious to the Revenue, and it is therefore expedient to make such Provision as is herem-afttr mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That if upon the putting up or offering to puhl'ck Sale ary Salt which now is or hereafter shall be ftr'Zcd by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and condemned under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or which shall hereafter be made, no Person or Persons shall offer or bid for the same such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be equal to or exceed the Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of Salt made at any Salt Wotk in England or Scotland respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commis-Goners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them reipeetivtny, to cause such Salt to be ddlroyed, and to give the Officer or Officers by whom the same was seized such pecuniary Reward a3 they the said Comm, (Tinners respectively shall think proper, such Reward r or exceeding Five Shillings per Bushel for each and every Bushel of such Salt so destroyed.

VIII. And where as by several Laws of Excise the Vessels made Use of in private Manufactories of the Exciieable Commodities

therein mentioned are forfeited, hut the Forfeiture does not extend to the Utensils made use of in such Manufactories and it is therefore expedient to make such Provision as is hertin-after mentioned \ Be it therefore enacted, Thai where any Vessels would if found be

liable to Forfeiture for want of E' try having been made or Notice given thereof, or for being private or concealed, all the Uttnfiis used or employed, or fit or proper to be used or employed, in the Manufacture of any excisable Commodity in any private or unentered Room or Place where any such Vessel shall be found or have been made Use of shall be forfeited, sod all such Utensils shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the Duties of Excise, shall and may be sued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated, by such Way?, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise (not otherwise specially directed by this or any such other Act or Acts of Parliament), or by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that one Moiity of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

A.D. 1809.

C. 8z;

49° GEO. III.

*75

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to amend several Acts passed in the last and present Sessions of Parliament, relating to the Local Militia.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, 4$ G, 3*. c. ill.

intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to efiabiifh a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Reflrihions, for the Defence

of the Realm: And whereas an Act passed in the prrfent Srfiion

of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual 49 G. 3.C. 40.

an Act, pojfed in the last Sejfwr. of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Rejlriflions,

for the Defence of the Realm: And whereas an Act, paffid in the

last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling His Ma- 48 G. 3. c. 150.

jesty to 'Jlabiifh a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under

Certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm: And whereas an Act, polled in the prtfmt S--ffi >n of Parliament, intituled An Act 49 G. 3.C. 48.

to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Pari ament, for enabling His Majesty to cjtoblish a permanent Local

Militia Forte in Scotland, under certain Rejlrittions, for the Defence of the Realm: And whereas it is expedient that the said Two recited Acts, passed in the pnfent Session of Parliament, (hon'd be amended and that further Provisions should be made in relation to the Local Militia eilahhffied by the said Two recited Acts passed in the lalfc Session of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and C nfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That no Serjeant No Serjeants, or Non-commifiuned Officer, or Drummer, or Musicitn in the Local &c. notonPer-Miittia of Great Britain* not being on Permanent Pay as inch, shall nmnentPay, be required or compedabie to f-rvein the Local Militia for any longer fcryelonger Period of Time than is in the said Acts of the last Session of Parlia- 1 ian nvales* ment respectively fueci.itd and required as to Private Men ballotted and enrolled to frrve in the Local Mditi.a, notwithstanding any Oith or Engagement into which any such Serjeant ? Non commissioned Officer, or Drummer, or Musician shall have taken or entered into at the Time of his becoming a Serjeant. Non-commissioned Officer, or Drumnur, or Mulican, in the said Local Militia.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Adjutants, &c. Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, nr Serjeants, or Non-commissioned shall not train Officers of the Local Militia of Great Britain, to receive or command. Men for Regular or train or exercise any Men enrolled for the Regular Militia of

their rtfpest: ve Counties or Stewartries as diredLd by the said recited Lieutenancy. Acts of the present Stffi in, utiless th*y shall be ordered and directed [, sVe 49 0.3. so to do by the Lieutenants, or Vice-Lieutenants, or Deputy-Lieu- c. 40. §24.} tenants acting for any Lieutenant of any such County or Stewartry, who are herthy respectively autftorizeed and empowered to make or give any such Orders and Directions to such Adjutants, Quarter-Matters, and Non-commissioned Officers, as they shall see fit in that J3ehah.

III. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Provision in 49 G. 3. c. 40. the fai^ recited Acts of the present Session of Parliament contained, ^26. as toQua-as to making Estates of the Value required by the Laws relating !\fiatlon*

to the Militia, good and valid Qualifications for any Officer of

Militia, XVXilitia only.

I

Indemnity to Warden of Stannaries respecting Enrolment of Local Militia.

[Sec 48 G. 3. c. ill. §7-3

Privy Council empowered to fix toe Quota of Local Militia for the Cinque Ports, &c.

[See 48 G. 3.

C. 111. §68.]

C.&2, 83. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Militia, although the same shall not be fitnate' in the County or Stewartry to which the Officers having such E Hates, respectively shall belong, shall be deemed and construed to extend to the Local Militia only, and not to the Regular Militia.

IV. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Enrolment of 1 the Local Militia of the Stannaries by the Warden of the S^nnanes; ' for Remedy whereof, be it declared and enacted, That the Enrolment of the Local Militia of the Stannaries by the Warden of the Stannaries, and the adminifUring the Oath to the Persons enrolled in the Local Militia of the Stannaries, shall be and be deemed to be as good, valid, and rffcctual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been done by any special Deputy Wardens at any Meeting, and the said Warden of the Stannaries shall be and is hereby indemnified for and on accounc of the same, and released and discharged from all A&ione, Suits, Penalties, and Forfeitures whatever incurred by him for any Thing done in relation to such Enrolment of the Local Militia of the Stannaries as aforesaid.

V. And whereas the Quota of Local Miltia established for the

Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members, by the said recited Act of the Forty.eighth Year aforesaid, bave been found, by reason of the Number of Seafaring Men reOding within the said Cinque Ports, ancient Towns, and Members, to exceed the

due Proposition of Establishment of Local Militia according to the Number of Men liable to serve Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Privy Council, and they are hereby empowered, to ascertain, settle, and fix the Quota of Local Militia for the fa; d Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members, and for that Purpose to require and have all such Returns of the Number of Men liable to serve apd exempt therein, as shall be necessary to enable the said Privy Council to regulate and fix a proper Quota for such Local Militia y any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for the Amendment of the Laws now in force in Ireland; relative to Persons entering into Recognizances in Criminal Cases, in Custody under any Fine, or under such Recognizance.

[loth June 1809.]

WHEREAS great Negle&9 have been committed in the issuing of the Process for levying the Sums due for forfeited Recognizances in Ireland, and for Fines imposed at Affixes, Commissions of Over and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery and Sessions of the Peace in Ireland, and in conseqntnce thereof many Recognizances, which have been forfeited by Persons bound for the Appearance or Prosecution of Persons charged with Crimes, or for keeping the Peace, have remained for a great Length of Time in Arrear and unpaid, and many Fines imposed at Assizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery and Sessions of the Peace, have remained unpaid and uncollefted: And whereas it would not be expedient to issue and enforce the Process for levying the Arrears thereof which have been suffered so long to remain due$* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern-

A.D. 1809. 490 Geo. III. C. 83.

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Recognizances which have been forfeited by Persons who have become bound therein for the Appearance or Prosecution of Persons charged with any Crimes or Offences, High or Petit Treason and Murder only excepted, or for keeping the Peace, and all Fines imposed at Assizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer 01 General Gaol Delivery and Sessions of the Peace, before the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, and which now are and Hand unsatisfied and unpaid respectively, shall be henceforth for ever discharged and vacated to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and from henceforth no Proctfs or Execution shall issue or be exteured thereon from His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, nor shall the Officer or Officers of the said Court of Exchequer, by whom the Process ought to have been issued for the f-ime, be in any Sort answerab!e for their Conduct or Neglect with iefpt& to the same.

II. And whereas under and by virtue of several Acts passed in

the Parliament of Ireland\ Persons about to enter into Recognizances in Ireland, as Sureties for others in Criminal Cases, are required to make certain Oaths in order to qualify themselves to enter into such Recognizances; and, in order to obviate all Doubts, it is

expedient that a Form of Oath be provided to be so taken, and

that the Casts in which the same shall be taken be clearly defined Be it therefore em&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That no Court or Judge, or Justice of the Peace, or other Officer or Person whatsoever in Ireland, shall receive any Person to become a Surety, or be bound for the Appearance of any other Person or Persons charged with any Offence \yhatsoever, or that ary other Person or Persons should keep the Peace, or be of good Behaviour, unless such Person so offering to become Surety, or be bound, shall have first made Oath before such Court, Judge, Justice, or other Officer or Person in One of the Form3 here following, or in some other Form of Word* of the like Import and Effect resp; lively, that is to say, if such Person shall rtfide in a County at large, in this Form; (to wit),

' J do swear. That I am a Householder,

and have a House wherein I usually reside at

in the Parish of Barony or Half Barony

of and County of and

that I support and maintain myself by and that

I am worth the Sum of [here insert double the Sum in which he or

Jhe is to be boundJ over and above my jull Debts.

So help me GOD.' And if such Person shall reside in a County, County of a City or Town, the Words "rtfide at" and from tiience to "County of" shall be omitted, and instead thereof these Words shall be inferred; (to wit) " rtfide in [naming the Street, Square, Lane, or Place] in the Parish of*and County of the City " or Town of and every such Oath shall be annexed to or

written on the same Piece of Paper or Parchment with the Recog-ifzance, and shall be signed by the Person making the same, and at-telted by the proper Juratof the Court, Judge, Justice or other Person taking the same as aforesaid and shall be fuflkient in lieu of 49 Geo. III. N all

177

Recognizance* which have been forfeited and Fines imposed at any Assizes, &c. in Ireland, before July 1, 1808, shall he dif-cl larged and vacated, and no Process or Execution to be had thereon.

Persons entering into Recognizances in Ireland as Sureties for others In Criminal Cases take the following

Oath.

Irish A<R,

38 G. 3. c. 50.

Frrfons in Custody shall not be relieved from Payment of Fines on Recognizances, unless <m Payment of so much as they can pay.

On Petitions for Relief, Court shall inquire into the Circum-stanct s under which the Recognizances were forfeited.

C 83. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

all and every Oath? snd Oath required by any Law in force in Ireland to be taken by any such Surety.

III. And whereas by an All made in the Parliament of Ireland

in the Thirty-eighth War of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for the better Cdkdion of Sums arif.ng from forfeited Recogni-

zanies, and from Fines imposed at AJfrzes, Commisswns of Oyer and 1 'Terminer and General Gaol Delivery and Sejftcns of the Peace, and for the future Application of the same, it is among It other Things enacted, that it fhoi: ld be lav. hi! for the Court c f Exchequer, or the Judges of Affze, on the Petition of any Person or Persons in Custody of any Sheriff or She?ids. for Non-o?ymer.t of any Sum or Sums due on any Fre or Fu es, or Recognizance or Recogni-

zances enten d into in any of the Cases aforesaid, by either a ' Surety or a Principal, to examine into the Fasts of such Petition

in a summ2ry Minns.r. ard if they should he sufficient Reasons to ' grant an Order or Warrant (as the Case may be) under their ' Hands to discharge any Person so in Custody: And whereas it is

expedient that the said Provision fhnuld be modified, and the

Powers of the said Court and Judges extended in Manner here following d Be it therefore enacted, That »f the Petition in any such Case dull ail edge the Inability of the Petitioner to pay the Amount of the Sum or Sums for which he or she dial i be so in Custody, the Court or Judge in examining into such Petition shall inquire whether such Petitioner may not be of Ability, cr h?.ve the Power to pay and discharge some and what Part or Proposition of the Sum or Sums for which he or she shall be so confined, and shall not on the said Ground of Poverty or Inability order such Petitioner to be so discharged but on the Payment of such Part or Proposition of such Sum or Sums as he or she may so have the Power to pay and discharge.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in any Case in which such Petitioner shall have been fined, or (hah have betn the Principal in any Recognizance on which he or she shall be so in Custody, such Court or Judge shall also inquire into the Nature of the Offence for which such Fme shall have been imposed, or of the Charge in consequence of wlrch such Recognizance shall have been entered into, and under what Circumstances the same was forfeited; and in case such Petitioner shall be so in Custody under any Recognizance to answer or appear to any Charge, and shall, after the Forfeiture of such Recognizance, have been tried and acquitted of such Charge, such Court or Judge shall inquire whether cn such Trial all the Witnesses for the Prosecution attended and were examined, and if not, then, whether by the Forfeiture of such Recogn zirce, the Attendance of any such Witness was in any Respect prevented; and if such P. titioner shall be a Surety, then such Court or Judge shall inquire whether such Surety used due Diligence to make the Principal amenable to the Law; and in all and every of such Cases, the said Court or Judges or Judge of Assize, shall have full Power and Authority, if they or he shall think proper, to order the Discharge of such Petitioner, either generally or after such Length of Time as such Court or Judges or Judge, in his or their Discretion, shall think fit, having Respect to the Circumstances of the Case, and to the Length of Time that such Petitioner shall have been so in Custody as aforesaid previous to the making of such Order, and to the Object and Purposes of this and

i79

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 83, 84.

the other Acts relating thereto; and such Order in such Form shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

u Powers of Irish Acts 38 Geo. 3. c jo; 39 Geo. 3. c. 67; and % 40 Geo. 3. c. 30. extended to this Act. §5.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for amending the Irish Road Acts.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the providing for the Expence of repairing of Post Roads in Ireland, by Barony PreRntmerits, may in

certain Cases prove unequal and oppressive; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, f

it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a faynclosing* City, or County of a Town in Ireland, at any Assizes or Presenting fencing, and Term to be held after the paffi g of this Act, to present all such improving Post Sum and Sums of Money as may be necessary for widening, fencing, Poads, mayb« leyelling, repairing, and otherwise improving any Road nomade, 0r^r

upon which His Majesty's Mails are or shall be carried in Four-wheel Barony. Carriages, leading from the City of Dublin dirtdly to any Poll Town in Ireland\ or leading directly to any Poit Town from any Port in Ireland, to which His MajestyN Packet Boats with Mails from Great Britain regularly fail, to be raised either off the County at large, or off any Barony or Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town, in which such Road or any Part thereof is or shall be situate.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every such Subject to like S im and Sums of Money so to be presented shall be presented, and all Affidavits, &c. Payments on account of such Presentments shall be made on the like as required by Affidavits, and subject to like Regulations and Conditions as are 8#i G. 3. (I.) prescribed and required with respect to the presentin? and paying c*55*

Money for the like Purposes, by an Act made in the Parliament of

Ireland, in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Amendment of Publish Roads, for directing the Power of Grand Juries respecting Preferments, and for repealing several Laws heretofore made for such Purposes, except so far as the same may require to be altered in order to make them conformable to the Provisions of this Act.

III. And for the more speedily repairing sudden Breaches in the said Roadj, and the Bridges and Gullets thereori, Be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the Grand Jury of any Grand Juries County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, at any empowered to Affixes to nominate and appoint such and so many Persons poffifled appoint Super-of a Freehold or Leasehold Ellate of not less than Five hundred Pounds viforsof Ro*ls yearly Value, who may be willing to ad without any Salary or Allow- without SaW* ance, to be Supervisors of such Roads in the said County, County of

a City, or Town, or of such Part thereof as shall be specified by such Grand Jury, not exceeding Eight Miles in Length, for the Purpose of superintending the same, and of preventing all Nuisances and Injuries thereto, and from Time to Time to remove any such Supervisor, and to appoint another in his Stead; and it shall and may be lawful Supervisor may for every such Supervisor to expend and lay out in each and every Year any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One Shilling by the petPerd

N 2 Perch 'V

i So

Supervisor may appoint a Deputy with a Salary; and with Powers of C'onftr\ators under 36 G. 3. (I.) C. 5*.

Grand Jury may present for reimbursing the Supervisor; and for Payment of Deputy; upon Affidavit.

Grand Juries shall present, in the first Instance, for levelling and forming new Roads from Market '1 owns.

term of Affidavit iW presenting.

C. 84. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Perch for each Perch within the District of such Supervisor, in repairing, cleansing, and otherwise improving such Roads or Part of them, and the Bridges and Pipes thereon, and in removing all such Nuifenees as may occur thereon; and it shall and may be lawful for every such Supervisor to appoint One or more Deouty or Deputies, with a Salary by the Year not exceeding for the Whole of such Deputy or Deputies a Sum to be calculated after the Rate of Two-pence for each Perch of the Road, to the C^re of which such Supervisor shall be so appointed; and such Supervisor and his Deputy or Deputies shall have all such Powers and Authorities with relped to such Roads or Parts thereof as aforesaid, as are given to Overseers and Conservators of Roads under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, where such Supervisors shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and such Grand Jury shall and they are hereby required at any Assizes to present such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be ce-cessary to reimburse and defray all Sums so advanced and laid out by any such Supervisor, and for the Payment of any such Deputy or Deputies, to be levied either off the County at large, or off any Barony or Half Barony wherein such Road is situate: Provided always, that an Affidavit made and signed before some Justice of the Peace by such Supervisor shall be laid before such Graud Jury, flat'ng that the Work has been properly executed, together with an Affidavit made and signed in like Manner by the Deputy employed in such Work, dating that the Money has been fairly and honestly expended, and is a reasonable Charge to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, with the Particulars of the Expenditure.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, shall at any Assizes or Presenting Term have presented any new Road to be laid out and made between any Two Market Towns, or from any Market Town to the Sea, pursuant to the Dre&ions of the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year and shall deem it expedient to make a Presentment for forming, leyelling, and draining the same diltindl from the Presentment for gravelling or making it with small Stones, it shall be lawful for such Grand Jury to present all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for levelling and forming, or draining the same, to be raised off the Barony or Half Barony, or County of a City, or County of a Town, in which such Road shall be situate: Provided always, that an Affidavit sworn by Two credible Witnesses who can read and write, before a Justice of the Peace for such County, in Form following, shall have been first laid before such Grand Jury; (that is to say),

BOUNTY of of

and of

do swear, that the Sum of will be necessary to form, level, and to drain [as the Case may be\

Perches of the new intended Road from to

between and all in the Barony or Half

Barony of in this County, Feet wide in the

clear of all Ditches, Banks, Drains, and Fences, being at the Rate

of

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. 0*84*

of by the Perch, and that the said Sum is a reason-

able Charge to the best of their Judgment and B.l: ef/

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Money shall be paid by the Treasurer of any County on account of any such Presentm?nt, until an Affidavit of One of the Overseers appointed by the Grand Jury, sworn before a Justice of Peace for such County, in the Form following, be first allowed by the Grand Jury and the Court;

(JAUNTY of Whereas the Sum of

was presented at Assizes, in the Year

to be expended in forming, leyelling, or draining [as the Case may

4 heJ Perches of the new intended Road from

1 to between and all in the

4 Barony or Half Barony of in this County,

4 Feet wide in the clear of all Ditches, Banks, or Fences: Now 4 I do swear, that have faithfully and honestly

expended the Sum of in forming, leyelling, or

draining [as the Case may be-\ Perches of the said

4 Road, and that every Part of the said Perches is

Feet in the Ciear between the Ditches, Banks, or

Fences, and is level throughout the Whole of the said Width; and

that there is not adjoining to either Side of the Road so formed, ' levelied, and drained, any Grip, Trench, or Drain, without a Wall

or other sufficient Fence between it and the Side of the Road, and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of

1 and that every Part of the said Work was finished on the Pay of /

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County in which such Road shall have been so for formed and laid out, at any Assizes which shall be holden for such County, to present any such Sum or Sums as may be necessary for making and finishing of such Road with Gravel or small Stones; ?nd all such Sum and Sums of Money shall be presented and paid upon the like Affidavits, and subject to the like Regulations and Conditions as are prescribed and required for presenting and paying Jdoney for making new Roads by the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Sums allowed and required by the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid, for the making apd repairing of any Foot-path on any Road, it shall and may be lawfql for the Grand Jury at any Assizes or Presenting Term after the passing of this Act, to present any Sum not exceeding Three Shillings by the Perch for making, and One Shilling and Sixpence by the Perch for repairing Foot-paths; and the said respective Sums shall be presented and paid under the Provisions, Regulations, and Affidavits prescribed by the aforesaid Act, with respect to Money presented for Footpaths under the said recited Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, that in lieu of the Sum allowed and required by the said recite^ Act of the Thirty-fi^th Year aforesaid, to be presented by Grand Juries for Cour^house peepers, it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury at any Axc8 or Presenting Term after the passing of this Act, tq present any Sum, not exceeding Eight Pounds in each Year, io\ $$ Courtrhouse Kecpey

181

Overseers* Affidavit for Account before Payment of Money by Treasurer.

Grand Jury fhat present for finishing such Road, upon Affidavits prescribed by 36 G. 3. c.

Grand Juries empowered to raise Sums for repairing Footpaths instead of the Sums stated in 36 G. 3. c.ajr.

Increased Preferment for Court-House Keepers, instead of that under 36 G.8. c. 55.

Repairs of Battlements of Bridges.

Grand Juries may present for the paving of a Roul by the fq; litre Yard in'lead of the Perch, &c.

3

Presentments for Pipes.

Presentments for Mile Stone?, &c. by 36 G. 3. c. 55. increased.

Affidavit of Estimate.

Trustres of Turnpike Roads shall erect Mile Stones and Finger Polls.

C. £4* 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

of any County, County of a City, or Town, subject to the lik»* Affidavit and Regulations prefcnbtd by the aforesaid A cl of the Thirty-sixth of His present Majesty.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury, in Cases where the Battlements of Bridges shall have been lately bpilt or repaired by Presentment, to contract for keeping the same in Repair for any Term not ltfs than Seven Years; provided that no larger Sum than One Shilling shall be paid annually for every Perch in Length of such Battlement; and provided that no Money shall be pa'd, uaL-ls it (hah appear to the Grand J uy, by the Affidavit of the Contractor, and the Certificate of the Conservator the Road in the B-irony in wh ch the Bridge i* fr.uate, or of a Magistrate, that the said Battleme nts are and have been kept in good and sufficient Repair since the Affix: s preceding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury of a C unity. County of a City, or County of a To am, in such Cases where they may deem it advifccble to present for the paving of a Road or Street by the square Yard, inllead of making or repairing the same by the Perch, with Gravel or small Stones: Provided always, that all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be presented shall be so pres-nud, and all Payments on account of such Presentments shall be made on the like Affidavits, and sub-jd to like Regulations and Conditions as are prescribed and required with respect to the presenting and paying Money for the like Purposes by the aforesaid Act of the Thirty sixth of His present Majesty, except so far as the same may require to be altered in order to make them conformable to the Provisions of said Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Affidavit upon which any Presentment for any Pipe, Gullet, or Sewer, shall be granted, shall specify the Dimensions of such Pioe, Gullet, or Sewer.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and afrer the passing of this Act, in lieu of the Sum which Grand Juries are allowed to present for Mile S ones and Finder Polls by the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to present, to be raised off the County at large for each and every Direction Poll, Mile Stone, or Mile Poll, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty Shillings for each Mile Stone or Mile Poll, and not exceeding Thirty Shillings for each Finger Poll; Provided always, that an Estimate upon Oath be previously laid before such Grand Jury, dating the Expence of procuring and erecting such Mile Stones or Mde Polls or Finger Polts, Hating the Dimensions thereof, and the Size of the Letters and Figures to be inscribed thereon respedmdy.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees, Overseers, Commissioners, or Directors for the Time being of the several Turnpike Roads in Ireland, shall and they are hereby required to ertd or cause to be erected upon and throughout the Lines of the respective Roads under the Care and Management of such Trustees respectively, within Two Years after the passing of this Act, proper and sufficient Mile Stones or Mile Polls at exact and due Distances from each other, on each of which shall be legibly inscribed the Number of Miles such Mile Stone or Mile Poll is dillant from the City of Dublin, if the Road leads to or from Dublin direct, and a!so the Number of Miles the same is dillant from such Town, on each Side

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 84. 183

thereof, on the Line of such Road, as they shall think proper; and also to erect or cause to be erected at all Publick Cross Roads which

occur in the Line of any such Road, prop-r and Efficient Finger

Pods, on each Side of which shall be legibly inscribed the Number of

Miles such Finger Pod is distant from any Town or Village to which such Finger Pod shall point or direct; and in case the Trustees, Indefaultof

Commissioners, or Directors of any Turnpike Road shall neglect to Trustees, Grand

e.-e£t proper and sufficient Mile Stones and Finger Pods in and Juries shall

throughout the respect'.ve Lines of their Roads within the Term of pwfenu

Two Years aforesaid, then and in such CTe it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a

Town wherein any such Neglect shall take place, at any Assizes or

Presenting Term after the Expiration of the said Two Years, to present such Sum or Sums as may be necessary for procuring and erecting

such Miie Stones or Mile Pods and Finger Pods, not exceeding

Twenty Shillings for each Mile Stone or Miie Pod, and Thirty

Shillings for each Finger Pod; and it shall and rifay be lawful for the Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a

Town in which the Grand Jury shall have cauftd Mile Stones or

Mile Pods and Finger Pods to be procured and erected as aforesaid,

to sue the Trustees of the Turnpike Road on which the same shall have been ereSed, by One or more Civil Bill or Bills (in which Suit

either the Treasurer or Secretary to the Trustees of such Roads shall be made the Defendants) and to recover from them the full Amount Amount shall

of the Sum so expended by order of the said Grand Jury in erecting be recovered

Mile Stones and Finger Pods as aforesaid, together with the Coda of by Trusteesby

Suits, and also a Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound upon the ^Svil Bill.

Amount recovered, as a Reward for his Trouble.

XV. And be it further enacted, That on every Presentment for No Presentment the raising of any Publick Money whatsoever, which shall be made shall be allowed by any Grand Jury appointed by the Court at any Assizes or Pre-n future which fenting Term, for any County, County of a City, or Town in o^belpace^f Ireland, the Title of the particular Act of Parliament under, which -lt the Uw from such Presentment shall be made and dated, shall be dated on the which Grand Face of such Presentment j and that every such Presentment shall Juries derive be entered in the County Book, and Quere Book, with a Marginal llluuf Authority. Nate of such Act, specifying the Year of the King's Reign, and the

Chapter and Section of such Act as printed by the King's Printer;

and that all Preferments not m^de according to the Directions fore- \

going shall be null and void. 1

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the jvotto extend foregoing Regulation shall not extend or be construed to extend to to Roads,

any Presentment for forming, leyelling, fencing, draining, widening, Bridges, Seflum making, repairing, or otherwise improving any Road, or to the build- Houses, See. ing, repairing, or otherwise improving any Bridge, Sessions House,

Gaol, or other Mason Work.

XVII. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Words

contained in Affidavits accounting for the Repairs of Roads, dating

that Part of the Width of such Roads is made with Gravel or small

Stories, do not imply that in every Perch to be repaired the whole f Width has been Honed or gravelled anew Be it further enacted,

That the Repairs of Roads may be estimated, presented, and ac- Affidavits as to CQijnted for, without specifying any particular Breadth in each Perch gravelling Roads,

N4 to

184 C. 84. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

to be newly stoned and gravelled 5 any Thing in any such Affidavit so required to be made as aforesaid notwithstanding.

Affidavit for

XVIII. And be it further enacted, that from and after the End

accounting for of tfoe ftVeral Lent Affixes which shall be held in Ireland in the Year stan^Ute^tliaT'One thousand eight hundred and ten, no Affidavit for the accounting Backs of Ditches ^orhe Repairs of any Road shall be allowed by the Grand Jury, or are turned to by the Court at any Assizes or Prefer'ting Term in or for any County,

the Road. or County of a City or Town in Ireland, unit fa it shall be fptcially

stated in such Affidavit that there is not on eithtr Side of any Part

Grand Juries may present for filling up Grips, on Affidavit.

Grand Juries may prefect for Damage done by taking Gravel, &c. to be levied off die Barony, &c.

Accounting Affidavit when Repairs of Road are contracted for.

Accounting Affidavit for publick Work shall Rate that the Work was fmished Six ays before ^Jftzes, See.

of the Road specified in such Affidavit, any Grip, Trench, or Drain, without a Wall or othrr sufficient Fence between such Grip, Trench, or Drain, and the Side of such Road.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury of a County, Com ty of a City, or County of a Town, at any Affixes or Preferring Term, to present any Sum that may be necessary for filling up Grips on the Sides of Road, provided an Affidavit be first laid before them, (hting the Length, Breadth, and Depth of such Grips propcf.d to be filled up, and that the Sum is a reasonable Charge; and provided also, tint no Money on account of such Prtfentment shall be paid until an Affidavit is first hid before the Grand Jury, dating that the Money has been fairly and honestly expended according to such Prtfentment, with the Particulars of the Expenditure.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever and as often as any Sum, by way of Compensation for Damage, is awarded (under the Provisions of the said recited Act) to any Owner or Occupier of Land from whence any Gravel, Stones, Sand, or other Materials have been taken by any Oversee r for filling up Grips, as lveil as for the other Purposes therein specified, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to present the same, to be levied off the Birony or Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town in which the Materials have been expended, provided it shall appear to them that the Appraisers have viewed the Land both before and after the Damage has been committed, and that all the Stipulations contained in the said Act for the like Purposes have been duly complied with and performed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Words in any account* ing Affidavit, required by the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year, or this Act, importirg that the Account annexed to such Affidavit is true in every Part, shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the passing of the Accounts for any Road which shall have been or shall be repaired by Contract: Provided always, that the Time of such Contract shall be specified in such Account, and that it shall be stated in such Affidavit that the said Contract was fairly made and entered into, upon the bell and most advantageous Terms that could be procured, without Favour or Partiality to the Con-traftor, and that such Contractor has given Security to the Overseer for keeping the Road in repair for One Year from the Date thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That ro Affidavit for the accounting for the Expenditure of any publick Money for any Road, or for any publick Work, shall be allowed by the Grand Jury, or by the Court at any Affixes or Frefenting Term or October Session, in any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, unh-fs it shall be stated in such Affidavit that the Road or Work therein mentioned ft as completed on some Da y* being not less than Six clear

A.D. 1809. 49 GEO. III. C. 84.

Days previous to the Commission Day of such Assizes or Prt Tenting Term, or Six clear Days previous to the First Day of such October Session?, as the Case may be; nor unless such accounting Affidavit shall be lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury, previous to the Commission Day of such Assizes, or the First Day of such October SessionF, of which Lodgment so made the said Secretary shall make Oath in open Court.

XXIII. And whereas in the aforesaid Act of the Thirty sixth of His present Majesty, it is enacted, That in every Warrant to be issued by the Treasurer of the County to the several Persons who,

under the Provisions of the said Act, are to be the Collectors for levying or collecting the Sums of Money to be raised off each Barony or Half Barony, there shall be inserted the Names of the several Manors, Parishes, or Denominations contained in that Portion of the County which such Person is to collect from, as the same is contained in the County Book, and also the whole Sum to be collected, and the Portion thereof which each Manor, Panto, or Denomination is to pay, according to its Contents in the County Book, or as it has been usually rated at: And whereas there are some Counties which either have no County Book, or in which Book no Manors, Paritoes, or Denominations are inserted, or in which the Contents of all or some of the Manors, Paritoes, or Denominations are not speciSed, and no usual or regular Rate has prevailed, so as to give official Knowledge to the Treasurer, and enable him to insert, agreeable thereto, the Portion which each Manor, Panto, or Denomination is to pay; Be it therefore enacted,

That in all or any of such Counties, it toal) be lawful for the Grand jur*CT

Jury, at the next Assizes after the passing of this Act, or at any shall form Tahiti

subsequent Assizes, to f mm a Table of the Names of the several of the Names

Paritoes, Manors, and Denominations, and the Contents of each in of such Faritlies,

any Barony or Half Barony, the Manors, Paritoes, and Denomination and toe

whereof, with their Contents, are not contained in the County Book.

and the Treasurer of such County toall cause publick Notice to be contained in the

given thereof throughout such Barony or Half Barony, by ordering County Boole.

the Collector, High Constable, or Sub-Constable, to post a Copy of such Table on the Door of each Church within such Barony or Half

Barony, and on the Door of every Market Hopfe therein, Thirty

Days at the least previous to the then next ensuing Assizes, requiring

all Persons who may think themselves aggrieved by such Table to

appear before the Grand Jury at such then next ensuing Assizes, and

such Grand Jury at such Assizes toall proceed, if they toall think proper, to examine such Persons as toall so appear upon Oath, (which Oath such Grand Jury is hereby empowered to administer,) respecting

such Table, and any Objections thereto, and it toall be lawful for

such Grand Jury, at such last mentioned Assizes, to amend such Table

as they toall think fit, and to present such Table, either as originally

formed or amended as aforesaid, to be the Table by which the several

Manors, Paritoes, and Denominations in such Barouy or Half Barony,

toall in future be propositionably rated for the Purpose of levying all

Money to be raised thereon under Presentment of Grand Juries, and the Names of such Manors, Parishes, and Denominations, with the Contents of each, shall be inserted in every Warrant to be issued thereafter by every Treasurer of any such County to any Collector as aforesaid, in like Manner as if the same had been contained in

the

Collectors of Frefentmenta shall «ive Security before the Grand Jury.

Affidavit of

Collectors before Presentment for their Poundage.

Before Frefentmenta for Salary to Treasurer, Certificates of their Seeuritiet shall be produced.

Affidavits for

Presentments shall be lodged 15 Days before the Commission Day of each Assize, &c.

Bxpenee of printing Schedules of Affidavits shall be presented.

C. 84. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 18C9.

the County Book or otherwise, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no High C ndable or Coliedor shall be authorised to collect any Presentment, Eels or publick Money, unless the Security required by the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year, to be given by him, shall be duly entered into before the Grand Jury by whom such High Constable cr Coliedor shall have been appointed, by Bond and Warrant of Attorney, without Stamp, conditioned as in the said recited Act is specified and set forth; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Presentment for Poundage shall be made for collecting any publick Money by any Grand Jury, or Bated by the Court, under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid, unless the Treasurer's Warrant under which such Coliedor has proceeded to levy the Cess be annexed to such Presentment, nor unless such Coliedor and his Deputies shall make Affidavit before the said Grand Jury that such has been fairly and impartially levied, and that no more than the Sum authorised by the Treasurer's Warrant, with the customary Collector's Fees, ha* been collected, to the bell of his and their Knowledge and Belief.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Preftntment. for any Salary, Poundage or Allowance, to any Treasurer of any County, County of a City or Town in It dandy shall be made by any Grand Jury or Bated by any Churt or Judge, unless there shall be previously produced to such Judge by the acting Clerk of the Crown at the Assizes or Presenting Term in which such Presentment shall be required to be made, a Certificate signed by the proper Officer, dating* what Securities for the due Performance of his Office such Treasurer has given and entered into, and that such Securities have been duly recorded in the proper Office, and such Certificate shall date the Dates when such Securities were entered into, the Names of the respective Sureties, and the Sums for which such Sureties were severally bound.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Affidavits for Pre* fentmento for terming, leyelling, fencing, draining, widening, making, repairing, or otherwise improving any Road, and for the building, repairing, or otherwise improving, any Bridge, Session House, Gaol, or other Mason Work, shall be lodged Fifteen Days at the lead before the Commission Day of each Assizes, with the acting Secretary of the Grand Jury, who is hereby required to keep an Office open for the Purpose, in the Manner prescribed by the aforesaid Act of the Thirty-sixth of His present Majesty, and such Secretary shall forthwith after the Receipt thereof, (provided he shall be ordered by the Grand Jury at the previous Assizes so to do) cause Copies of the Schedules of such Affidavits to be printed rni ready for Delivery at his Office, Three clear Days before each Affizts, to such Magistrates and Over-seers of Roads, or other publick Works, as may apply for the same, provided that the Number so to be pnuted shall not exceed Twenty-five for each Barony or Half Barony, and Twenty-five for each County of a C'ty, or County of a Town.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Grand Juries of Counties, Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns, shall at each Assizes or Prelenting Term, present such Sum as shall be necessary for defraying the printing of the Schedt^les of the Affidavits as aforesaid

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 84* >87

laid: Provided always, that an Affidavit of the Printer dating his Charge to be usual and reasonable, be first laid before the Grand Juries, and that no such Presentment for the printing of such Copies shall be made, unless they are ready for Delivery at the Secretary's Office Three dear Days before eaeh Assizes as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further ensued, That the Clerk of the Crown Presentmenta for every County, County of a City, and County of a Town in Ire- and QuereBool land, shall within Twenty-one Days after every Assize9 or Presenting each^ Term, deliver to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or

County of a Town (in addition to the Copies of the Presentmenta which he is by the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid required to deliver) an accurate Copy, signed by himself, of the Queries which remained unaccounted for at such Affixes; and such Treasurer or Grand Jury Secretary, or Chief Clerk, as the Grand Jury shall think fir, shall forthwith after the Receipt thereof, cause a Number of Copies of such Piefentments and such Quere Book to be printed and distributed to the Magistrates and principal Overseers, not exceeding Twenty-five for each Barony or Half Birony, and not exceeding Twenty-five for each County of a City or County of a Town; and the Grand Juries of such Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns, shall at the Assizes or Presenting Term next following, present to be levied off the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, such Sum as shall be necessary for defraying the Expence of priming and distributing such Copies: Provided always, that an

Affidavit of the Printer, llating his Charge to be usual and reasonable, be first laid before such Grand Jury; and that no such Presentment for the printing and distributing of such Copies as aforesaid shall be made unlef3 the printed Copies of such preceding Presentments and Queries shall have been printed and distributed within Six Weeks after inch preceding Assizes or Presenting Term.

XXX. And, for the Safety and Convtnience of Passengers and

Travellers upon the Publick and other Roads, and in the Streets

of Towns in Ireland Be it enacted, That from and after the First Drivers,

Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten, Passengers and all Drivers of Waggons, Carts, Cars, Coaches, Chariots, Curricles, p^l^tTons Gig3, Chairs, and of every Kind and Species of Carriages, and all {^11 take the Persons riding on Horseback, or driving any Animals, either with or Left-hand Side without Burdens, on any Road, or in the Street of any City or of the Road, in Town in Ireland, shall be obliged and they are hereby required to keep all Oifes as herein iheir Left Hand Side of the Road or Street in going and coming or fPecified* travelling thereon, and shall leave the other Side free to all other Drivers

of such Carriages or Animals, or such Travellers; and all Drivers of

Carriages or Animals, and Travellers of every Description, who shall have Occasion to pass by the Drivers of other Carriages or Animals,

or Travellers of any Description, going in the same Dirt&ion, shall in

all Cases where it is pr2&icable, take and go on the Right Hand of the Driver or Traveller by whom they shall so have Occasion to pass

and if any Person shall wilfully refuse or neglect to drive and pass in Offender may be

Manner and according to the Regulat ions aforesaid, it shall and may apprehended and

be lawful for any Magistrate, Constable, Conservator, or Turnpike- shall forfeit ios.

keeper to flop and detain such Offender, and the Carriage and Horse &c*

or Horses or other Beast on or with which such Offender shall be, and

forthwith to carry or convey such Offender before any Juitfce of the

Peace for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town where

m

Half© the Iftibrraei and Halt'to Parochial Charity.

Copies of all Fiefeutments shall hi yearly forwarded by Treasurer to the Chief Secretary of Lord lieutenant, to be laid before Parliament.

Act shall not extend to Dublin County, except §§ 14^31.

ProriUona of leeited A 6k &6 G. 3. c. 5A. extended to this Act. §2d.

C. 84. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1&09.

such Offence shall be committed, or for any Person whatsoever to lodge an Information against such Offender before such Magistrate, and upon his being convicted thereof upon the Oath of One credible Witness, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, or by Distress and Sale of the Carriage or Horse or Horses or other Beads, and the Goods therein or thereon wherewith such Offender shall have been travelling at the Time of such Offence, such Distress to be made by Warrant under the Hand and S.-al of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the said Fine and the Expences of such Distress and Sale to the Owners or Owner on Demand 5 One Half of the Amount of the Penalties so levied to be paid to the Informer, and the remaining Half to the Minister or Curate of the Parish in which such Offence shall be committed for the Use of ti e Poor of such Parish 5 and if Distress sufficient for such Penalty or Penalties shall not have been seized or found, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby empowered and required to commit such Offender so convicted to the Common Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Offender shall sooner pay and satisfy the said Penalty or Penalties; and every Person offending as aforesaid shall likewise be liable to pay and satisfy all Damages whi.b shall happen in confluence of any such Neg!c& or Default as aforesaid.

XXXI. ' And, for the procuring Returns to be made annually to Parliament of all Preferments made by Grand juries in Ireland* Be it enacted, That the Treasurer of every County, County of a City, and County of a Town or Place in Ireland, shall on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of December in each and every Year, cause a true Copy, signed by himself, of alt Preferments which shall have been made by the Grand Jury, and fiated by the Court at any Assizes cy Presenting Term in such Year on the County, County of a City or Town or Place whereof he is Treasurer, to be forwarded to the proper Officer in His Majesty's Castle of Dublin % to be from thence transmitted so loon as may be to be laid before Parliament; and in case any Treasurer of any County, County of a City, or a Town or Place in Ireland, shall neglt& to make such Return as aforesaid, he shall forfeit his Office, and be for ever after incapable of acting as Treasurer of any Ccur.ty, County of a City, or County of a Town or Place in Ireland,

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to the County of Dublin j except so far as relates to the obliging of Truiters, Ovtrseers, Commissioners of Din&ors of Turnpike Roads to erect Mile Stones, Mile Posts and Finger Poll?, and except so far as relates to the Treasurer making Returns to Parliament annually of all Presentments made and fiated by the Court; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions. Ruits and Regulations of the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid, shall be extended to this present Act \ and that this Act and the said recited Act, so far as the said recited Act is not repealed or altered by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, shall be construed together as one As, to all Intents and Purposes.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 84, 85, 86.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall take Effedi from and after the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten, and not at any earlier Period; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[10th June 1809.]

[See 43 G. 3. c. 88. to which this Act isjsimilar, mutatis mutandis. J

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to make Provision, in certain Cases, for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it 19 expedient to make some Provision for the Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Private*

serving in the Militia of Ireland, when called out into adiual Service and the Laws at present in force are inefficient for the Purpose; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this present Act, an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make Provision in certain Cases for the Wives and Families of Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland; and also an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save so far as the same or either of them repeal or repeals any former Act of Parliament, or any Charge, Matter, or Thing the rein; and also save as to the Payment and Allowance on account of any Sum or Sums of Monty which shall have become due before the said Time under or by virtue of the said Acts or either of them, and the obtaining the proper and necessary Voucher for receiving or vouching any such Payment; and also save as to any Offence which shall or may before that Time have been committed against the said Acts or either of them, and any Proceeding to be taken for the Punishment of the Offender or Offenders, or the recovering or levying any Penalty for or by reason of any such Offence; and also save as to any Allowance to any Father, Mother, Brothers, or Sifters of any Militia Man who shall be serving in the said Militia at the Time of the passing of this Act, and which Allowance shall continue to be paid under the Provisions of the said recited Adb; and also save as herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Militia of any County, City, or Place in Ireland\ shall be embodied and called ont

into

189

Commencement of the

43 G. 3. c. 14S.

G. 3. c. 34. repealed, except as to Acts done under them.

Allowances to the Families of

190

Militia Men inarched out of their C-ountica, on Certificate of Commanding Officer.

Allowance payable only for* Wife and Two Children, or 4s. in the Whole.

Families of Substitutes marrying without Consent of Officers not entitled to Kelief.

Two Justices, on Production of Certificate, may order Allowance tO"be jiaid.

C. 86. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

into actual Service, and any Man serving or enrolled therein as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, or as a ballotted Man, Substitute, or Volunteer, shall have left a Family less able in conf<q'Cnce of his Absence to support themselves, and the Colonel or other Commanding Officer shall give a Certificate in Writing in the Manner and Form herein after contained and set forth, which shall be countersigned by the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion, then and in such Case every such Militia Man's Family, the Requifices here in-after mentioned being first duly performed, shall be entitled to and shall receive during his Absence on actual Service the Weekly Allowance following, (that is to say), after the Rate of One Shilling for every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Age of Ten Years, not exceeding the Numbers her: in-after mentioned respectively; and of Two Shillings for the Wife of such Man, it he shall be a ballo ted Man; and of One Shilling for the Wife of any such Man who shall not be a ballotted Man; the said Allow nee to the Wife io either of the said Cases to be paid whether such Man shall or shall not have any Child or Children, provided (he does not follow the Regiment; and the Form of the aforesaid Certificate shall be as follows

J Colonel [or Commanding Officer, as the

Case may he] of the M'litia, do hereby certify, That A.B. a Serjeant [Corporal, Drummer, or Private, ballotted Man, Substitute, or Volunteer, as the Case may be"\ in the said Militia, was calitd out into actual Service, and did, on the

Day of march from and is now absent on Service from the said County [Town, City,

or Place, as the Case may be and that he hath declared to me that

his Family resides at and consists of

and that by his Absence they are rendered less able to fiiDport them- selyes; and I do certify that the said A.B. never deftrted from the said Militia.'

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Wife of any Militia Man so ordered on actual Service shall not be entitled to the aforesaid Weekly Allowance of One Shilling for each Child, for more than Two Children; and in case there shall be no Wife of such Militia Man living, the Weekly Allowance to the Children of such Militia Man shall not exceed the Sum of Four Shillings in the Whole.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance under this Act shall be given or ordered to be given to the Family of any Substitute or Volunteer who shall have married after the Time of his being called out into a£ual Service, unless such Marriage shall have taken place with the Consent of the Colonel or Commanding Offker of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Man shall belong, and that such Consent shall have been certified under the Hand of such Colonel or other Commanding Officer, and no such Certificate as aforesaid shall be granted to any such Substitute or Volunteer who shall have so married while on actual Service without such Consent first had and obtained as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Barony or Half Barony, Town, City, or Piace in which the said Family shall reside, on the Production of any such Certificate, to inquire into the Circumstances of the Family of the Militia Man to whom such Certificate shall

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 86 lpr

have been granted, whether they reside in the Parish or Place mentioned in the' Declaration of such Militia Man; and if on such Inquiry they shall find that such Family do so reside, and if such Justices shall be of Opinion that such Family is less able to support itfeltin confluence of the Absence of such Militia Man, they shall then indorse such their Opinion in Writing under their Hands, on the Back of the said Certificate, with the Date of the Month and Year and shall subjoin thereto an Order, requiring that the several Allowances herein mentioned, after the Rate aforesaid, shall be paid to such Family, specifying in such Order the Names and Ages of each Person of the said Family entitled to receive the same; and such Certificates, with the Opinions and Orders, of such Justices thereon, shall be forthwith deposited by the Person or Persons (ecking Benefit thereby, or some of them, ot some Person or Persons on their, his, or her Behalf, with the Colltdlpr of the publick Geo. in such Barony or Half Barony, or the Treasurer of such City or Town,

VI. And be it further enacted, That at the Expiration of Three Such Orders of Calendar Months next after the Date of any such Order of such Juf- Justices shall b« tices, Application shall be made by such Baronial Collector or Trea- renewed every surer to the Justices who shall have made such Order, or te any ^lrce Months, other Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for such Barony or

Half Barony; and on Production of the original Certificate aforesaid, and of the Order so first made thereon, it shall be lawful for such Justices to make a fresh Inquiry into the C'rcumftar.ces of such Family; and if such Circumstances are not altered, such Justices shall on the Back of such original Certificate, and at the Foot of such First Order, sign their Names in Affirmance and Renewal of the same, with the Date of the Month and Year; or if it shall be made appear to such Justices that the Circumstances of such Family are any Way altered, such Justices shall make a new Order for such Allowance as aforesaid, specifying the Names and Ages of each Person of such Family entitled to the same at the Time of such Order; and so after the Expiration of every Three Calendar Months a like Inquiry and Order shall, fr 'm Time to Time, be made and renewed or altered by Two Justices of such Barony or Half Barony, so long as any such Allowance shall be made on Behalf bf such Family.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Baronial Coilec- Baronial Cof-

for or Tre2furer shall, from Time to Time, within Three Days after le&or, &c. flnll any such Order or Orders shall be made by such Justices, prepare and fend Order and sign an Abstr^dl of every such Order, and shall forthwith deliver or Abstra<ft thereof fend such Abstract duly dated by him to the Collector of His Majesty's,

Excise for the Distriii in which such Barony, Half Barony, Town, or comuerfio-i^the City shall be situate, together with every such Certificate and Order Order, and file thereupon; and such Collector of Excise having compared such Ab- the Abstract. stradt with such Order shall, if the same shall agree therewith, counter-

sign every such Order, and forthwith restore the same to such Baronial Collector or Treasurer, or to the Person by whom the same was sent, and shall then countersign and file such Abstratft, and shall keep the same as a Voucher for his future Payments in Manner herein after mentioned.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every such Baronial Collector or Baronial Col-Treasurer, on obtaining any such Order so countersigned by such Col- le&or shall pay lc&or of Excise, shall from Time to Time pay the several Allowances Allowances ac-mentioned ia such Order to such Family, save as herein after mentioned, cordingly.

until

Allowance* frail

W paid Weekly.

Allowances frail fee repaid Quarterly by Collectors of Excise.

If Baronial Collector, 8cc. has not Money in Hand, he frail certify same to Collector of Ex-«ife, who flia.11 thereupon pay Allowances.

Abstract of all Orders frail be transmitted by Coiled or to the Clerk of tive Peace, and Orders may be cancelled or varied by the Sessions.

C. 86« 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Dat of such Ordtr, except in the Cases herein after mentioned.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Allowances under and by virtue of this Act shall be claimed and paid weekly; and that no Wife of any such Militia Man, nor any other Person on Behalf of such Wife, or of the Family of any such Militia Mao, shall be entitled to receive at aoy one Time more thati Two Weeks Arrears of any Allowance to such Wife and Family under or by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Weekly Allowance to be paid under this Act by such Baronial Colleaor or Treasurer respectmly to the Family of any Militia Man, shall be repaid Quarterly to such Baronial ColUftor and Treasurer respectively by the Collector of His Majesty's Excise for the District in which such Barony, Town, or City shall be situate out of any publick Money in his Hands; and the Sums so paid by such Collector of Excise shall be allowed to him in his Accounts, on such Collector of Excise producing the Receipts of such Baronial Collecctor or Treasurer rtfptftively for the same, and also producing the several other Documents by this Act required to be kept by him.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if such Baronial Collector or Treasurer shall not at the Time when any Application shall be made to him to pay any Allowances under this Act, have in his Hands sufficient Money for Payment of the same, such Collector or Treasurer shall and may and is hereby required, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to certify the same to the Collector of the Excise for the District, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Collector of the Excise, and he is hereby authorised and required to remit or pay out of such pufchck Monies as may be in his Hands, to the said Baronial Collector or Treasurer respectively, at lead Once in every Month, a Sum sufficient to satisfy and pay the Monthly Amount of the Sums which shall then be payable under and by virtue of the several Abstracts which shall then be in his Possession under the Provisions of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted,. That every such Baronial Collector shall transmit to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Town, or City within which the Barony for which he is Collector shall be situate, and the Treasurer of any Town or City shall transmit to the Clerk of the Peace there, Three Days previous to each Quarter Sessions, an Abllraft of all Orders which he shall have received as aforesaid since the lad preceding Quarter Sessions, to be by the said Clerk of the Peace laid before the Justices at such Sessions, and it shall be lawful for the Justices there to set aside or alter any such Order of any such Justices, which upon due Inquiry in open Court upon Oith* shall appear to have been fraudulently obtained, or not to be warranted by this Act; and in any such Case, such Justices at such Sessions shall make an Order that such Baronial Collector or Treasurer shall bring in or cause to be brought in the Order of such Justices, and deliver the same to the Clerk of the Peace for such County, City, Town, or Place 3 and such Collector or Treasurer shall within Seven Days after the Service of such Order on him, bring in and deliver, or cause to be brought in and delivered, the said Order of such Justices accordingly, to such Clerk of the Peace, who shall then cancel the said Order, if the same shall be wholly set aside, or if the same shall be altered, he

C.

ftull write under the same a Copy* of the Order for altering the same, and shall in that Case restore the same to such Baronial Collector or Treasurer, who shall proceed thereupon, and the same shall be counter-finned in the same Manner in all Respects as is herein-before directed with respect to any such Order.

XIII. Provided always, and be it eaa&ed. That if such Baronial Collector or Treasurer respectively shall have Reason to believe or shall receive Notice from the Co.le&or of Excise of the District, that he has Reason to believe that by the Death of any of the Family of any Militia Man, or by any other Circumstance, the Allowance to such Family ought to be (topped or lessened in Amount, then and in either of such Cases it shall be lawful for such Baronial Collector or Treasurer, and he is hereby required to stop or lessen such Allowance accordingly, until Two Justicea of the Peace shall direct him otherwise by Writing under theij* Hands and Seals.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance shall be ordered or paid under this Act to the Wife or Family of any Person serving in the Militia for any longer Period than such Person shall continue to serve and remain embodied in actual Service 5 nor in any Case in which the Wife, in respect of or by whom any such Relief is demanded, shall follow the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in which her Husband shall serve.

XV. And, in order to prevent Frauds in any of the Matters aforesaid, be it enacted, That the Adjutant of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall keep a Register of all Certificates whxh shall from Time to Time be granted by the Colonel or other Commanding Officer as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, and Private, to whom such Certificate shall have been given, shall on some Day between the Seventeenth and Twenty-fourth Day of every Month, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Adjutant of his Regimeftt, or to the Person acting as such, a Return in Writing subscribed by himself either With his Name or Mark, and stating whether, since the obtaining fdeb Certificate or since his last Return, any, and if any, then how many, and which of his Farory, and of what Ages respectively* have or hath died, or have or hath received or become entitled to any and what Maintenance, Provision, or Property, and to what Amount, and whether his Wife, if he be married, follows the Regiment; and every Change that shall take place in any of the said Respects in the Family of any such Militia Man shall be noted by such Adjutant in his Register aforesaid, according to such Return, or according to the Truth, if the same shall have come to his Knowledge by any other Means.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of every Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the said Militia, shall within Seven Days after the Twenty-fourth Day of every Month during the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain embodied or in actual Service, make a Return to each and every Collector of Excise within whose District the Family of any Militia Man in his Regiment entitled to any of the said Allowances shall reside, and shall in every such Return set forth a particular Lilt of such Promotions and Vacancies, and of such Deaths, Desertions, and other Casualties, if any, as may have occurred among such of the Militia Men of the said Regiment as shall

49 Geo. III. O have

Baronial Collector shall stop Allowance in case of Death, &c.

Allowance shall continue only during the Service of Militia Man.

Adjutant shall register Certi-fic|tes.

Militia Men shall make Monthly Returns to Adjutants as to the Slate of thur Families.

Adjutant shall make Monthly Returns to Collector of Excise, of Promotions, Vacancies, 8tc.

*94

Colleger of Ex-ciic shall acknowledge and note the Adjutant'* Returns, and transrait them to the Baronial Collector, &c.

In Default of receiving Monthly Returns and Quarterly Order of Justices, the Allowances Audi be flopped.

Allowance shall be tpid according to Returns.

Certificates and Orders under former Acts, Hull be proceeded on as if made under this Act.

49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

have declared their Families to be resident within the District of the Coiledor to whom such Return is so made, and of ah such Alterations as may have taken place in the Family of any of them in Manner herein-before mentioned; and if no such Promotion, Vacancy, Death, Desertion, Casualty, or Alteration shall have happened, then such Adjutant shall by such Return certify to that Effect.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every such Coiledor of Excise shall immediately on the Receipt of any such Return, transmit to every such Adjutant a written Acknowledgment of the Receipt thereof, specifying the Date thereof, and (hill forthwith enter at the Foot of each Abstract so filed by him as aforesaid, all new Matters respectively which shall be noted in such Return as aforesaid, and shall thertupnn sign the said Return, and fend or deliver the same to the proper Baronial Coiledor or Treasurer as aforesaid, who shall also enter the said Matters at the Foot of the Orders made by Justices of Peace so kept by him respectively, and shall then sign the said Return, and return the same to the said Coiledor of Excise, who shall £le the same together with the Abstract* aforesaid.

XIX. And be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of every Month no Payment shall be made by any such Baronial Collector or Treasurer to the Family of any Militia Man until such Return as aforesaid for the preceding Month shall have been so received from the Adjutant of the Regiment to which such Militia Man shall belong, or the Person acting as such, and so sent or delivered to such Baronial Collector or Treasurer as aforesaid; and that from and after the End of every Three Calendar Months from the Date of any Order of Two Justices as aforesaid, no Payment shall be made by any such Baronial Coiledor or Treasurer to the Family of any Militia Man until a new Order of Two Justices of the Peace shall have been received by such Baronial Collector or Treasurer in Manner aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any such Entry shall be duly made at the Foot of any such Order or Abstract, or any Alteration shall be made in any such Order, then and from thenceforth such weekly Sum, and no other, shall be paid and payable to the Family therein mentioned, as would have been payable to the said Family by the Provisions of this Act if an Order for Payment had been made and given by Two Justices, according to the Circumftadces of such Family at the Time of making such Entry or Alteration.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Certificates granted under the said recited Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, and all Orders made by any Justices thereon in Manner provided by the said Acts or either of them, shall stand and be good, valid, and effedaal as if made under this Act > and that the several Baronial Collectors and Treasurers with whom the said Certificates and Orders shall have been deposited, or who now have the Custody thereof respectively, shall immediately after the Commencement of this Act fend the same, together with Abstracts thereof, to the Collcdors of Excise of their respective Did rids in Manner hercia-before mentioned, and as if the same had been granted and made under this Act; and all further and subsequent Proceedings shall be taken thereon, and all Sums which shall afterwards become due thereunder shall be paid in the same Manner in all Respects and subject to all the same Restrictions, Conditions, Rules, Regulations,

*91

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 8<J.

and Provisions as are herein contained, in the same Manner in all Re-spefts as if the same had been granted and made respectively under this Act and not otherwise.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in order to recompense the said Baronial Collectors, Treasurers of Counties or Cities, for the Trouble and Expence which they may severally incur by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Grandjury of each County, Town, or City, at each Assizes, and for the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin, and County of the City of Dublin, at each Presenting Term, to present any Sums they shall think reasonable to be raised off the County at large, to be applied and paid as such Grand Juries shall direct, to the said respective Collectors and Treasurers, ever and above all Sums or Allowances to which they or ary of them are or may be (Entitled by virtue of any other Law or Laws then in force, as a Reward for their Trouble and Expence in carrying the Provisions of this Act into Execution: Provided always, that such Grand Jury shall be satisfied by the Oaths of such Collectors and Treasurers respectively, br otherwise, that such Collectors and Treasurers have duly paid the several Allowances to the Families of Militia Men, in Manner directed by this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of a Baronial Cess, Treasurer, Clerk of the Peace, Officer of the Peace, or Collector of Excise, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to carry the Provisions of this Act or any of them into Execution, and shall be thereof convicted by Presentment or Indictment at the Affixes, or, if in the County or City of t)ub!tn, in the Court of King's Bench, every such Person so offending shall be fined, at the Discretion of the Court, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of the Batonial Cess, or Treasurer of a County or C ty, fhdl on Demand duly made, refuse or neglect to pay and satisfy any Sum or Sums of Money then payable to the Family of any Militia Man by virtue of this Act, every such Collector or Treasurer so refusing or neglecting to make such Payment, shall for every such Neglect forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered upon Conviction of the said Offender before any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed; which said Justice is hereby authorised and required, upon Information exhibited, or Complaint made by the Party aggrieved in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and to examine into the Matter of Fast, and upon Proof thereof, on the Oath of one Witness, not being the Party entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, to give Judgment for such Penalty, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, causing the Overplus (if any), after dedpfting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to be rendered to the Parry, and the Penalty so adjudged shall be paid to the Use of the Party so aggrieved as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it enacted, That every such Conviction shall be in the Form here following, or in some other Form of Words ot t}ic same Import; (that is to say);

: be* remembered, That A.B. Collector of Cess in the Barony of iii the County of [or Treasurer

1 of the County of the Town of or County of the City

O 2*of

Grand Juries shall make Pre-

fen tments for

Collector*

Trouble.

Penalty on

Officers for Neglect, 50lj

Penalty on Baronial Collector, &c. not paying Allowances, Si.

Form of Conviction for such Offence.

I gS

i

Secretary at War shall issue the Sum necessary for the Pay of the Regular and Local Militia, aeircrcling to the Rates herein jacutioned.

C. 86, 87. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

of as the Case may IS] is convicted before me C. D.

one of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, of not having

paid the Weekiv Allowance due on the Day of

last past, to th" Family of a Snjeant, [C >rpora!,

4 Drummer, or Private, as the Case may he] actually serving in the

Regiment of Militia, although the same was duly demanded of him

4 on the Day of last past. Witness my Hand

and Seal this Day of in the Year

And every such Conviction on the said or any other Form of the same Import shall be good and sufficient in Law.

Act may be altered this Session. §26. Commencement of Act One Month after passing. §27.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is neerflary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Ciothing of thr Regular Militia (when disembodud) and Local Militia in Great Britain, for One Year from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding, or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Secretary at War for the Time being is hereby authorised and empowered, and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia respectively, in the Manner and for the several Ufis herein after mentioned; (that is to say), for the Pay of the said Regular Militia or Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter-Mailer, where a Quarter-Master is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence a Day for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant-Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two-pence a Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum-M?jor, where a Drum-Major is apoointed; and also at the Rate of Four-pence per Man for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps; and also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) or Local Militia for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings for each Serjeant-Major, Two Pounds for each Corporal, Four Pounds One Shilling and Nine-pence for each Drum-Major, Three Pounds One Shilling and Nine-pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence for each Private Man; and that

A.D. 180

49° GEO. III. C. 87.

such Serjeant-Majors, Drum-Majors, Corporals, and Drummers who may be retained on constant Pay, and resident at Head-Quarters, shall be clothed Once in Two Years: Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer shall, during such Absence, receive Pay at the following Rates instead of those above-mentioned; (that is to say), every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling a Day, every Corporal the Sum of Eight-pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Sixpence per Day respectively, and no more; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to cause any such Pay to be from Time to Time issued in Advance, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the Time for which such Advances shall be made.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Regular Militia when disembodied, and Local Militia, a Sum of Money in addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, for the Expence of necessary Medicines for the sick, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps during the Period or Periods of Assembly for annual Exercise or Training; and Sixpence per Month for each of the Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps on conftar.t Pay at Head-Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers on constant Pay at Head-Quarters, while such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Exercise.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Quarter-Master or Battalion-Clerk to each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, or Local Militia, shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, Necessaries, and other Stores, under the Superintendance of the Colonel or Commandant; and shall, out of the Money hereby directed to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from Time to Time issue out and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as shall be drawn upon him by the Colonel or ochei Commandant as aforesaid, he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and the Balance remaining in his Hands $ which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Quarter-Master or Battalion Clerk, for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of the Regular Militia and Local Militia, when not drawn out and embodied, shall be entitled to the same Pay and Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embpdied: Provided always, that the said Pay and Allowances shall only extend to such Period or Periods for which the said Regular Mmtia or Local Militia shall be called out for the Purpose of annual Exercise or Training, or whei\ called out for suppreQing Riots or

Q 3 Tumults,

197

Rates of Pay to Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, when absent 00 Fur lew'h.

Allowance to Surgeons.

Quarter-Master or Battalion-Clerk shall hay© the Charge of Arms, Clothing), &c. and account-Three Times a Year for contingent Money ! issued to him.

Balance shall form & Stock > Purse for the Regiment*

Pay to Militia (when not embodied) shall he only during the Period-when called ouse for annual Exercise or Training, &c.

ij>8

C. 87.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

All Money shall be issued under Directions of the Secretary at War.

*9 G. 3. c. 37.

2 G. 3. c. 90.

Tumults, exelufivieof the Days of.trrivingtt and t)eparture from, and marching to and from the Place appointed for Exercise 5 any Thing in any Act or Act: of Parliament to the contrary not with ttanding.

V. And he; t further enacted, That all Suips of Money granted

for the Pay, Clothing, and contingent Expellees for the Regular Militia tldembodied), and Local Militia as aforesaid, shall be

issued and pa d under the Direction of the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to issue such Regulations as ht may deem it expedient to ad pt, from Time to Time, in that Behalf.

VI. And Whereas in pursuance of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for incrcofing the Rates of Subfjlence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers,

certain increased Rates are allowed for the Payment of Innholders

and others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and private Soldiers may, by virtue of an Act passed also in the prefert Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertiop, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be quartered in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, the Dominion of Wales and the Town of Berwick upon-Tweed And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Muitia; 4 the Officers, Non commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men of the said Militia, when called out to annual Exercise, are required to be quartered and billet ted in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houses, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine, or Metheglin by Retail; Be it enacted, That the Innholders and others on whom the said Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men of the Regular Militia (when disembodied), or Local Militia shall be so quartered and billetted, shall be entitled to and receive the same Rates of Allowance for each Serjeant-Major, Drum-Major, Serjeant, Corpora), Drummer, and private Man so quartered and billetted upon them, during the Time of their remaining assembled for Exercise as aforesaid, and under the same Rules and Regulations as such Innboiders or others may now, by the above-mentioned Act for the Relief of Innkeepers, demand and receive for the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Soldiers of the Regular lwfantry, in the respective Cases of their furnishing them with Diet and Small Beer, or supplying them in lieu thereof with the Articles specified in the said Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and the Secretary at War is hereby authorised and required to supply the necessary Funds to defray the Charge of the Allowances so to be made to the said Innholders and others: Provided always, that each of the Non-fjofrmissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men who shall be furmshed with Diet and Small Beer as aforesaid, shall contribute towards the Expence thereof, the like Proposition of his Pay and Beer Money as is or shall be contributed in the like Case by the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Soldiers of the Regular Infantry.

Persons on Half-

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That aBy Person being on Naval or Military Half-pay, or being entitled to any Al-mavreceivedie l°wance as fervtd in any of His Majesty's Forces, or Navy

Pa/allowed^Marines, and serving in the Local Militia, shall and may, and he

by this Act. is hereby empowered, to receive and take the Subsistence Money by

this

Same Rates shall be paid to Innkeepers for hllletting the Militia as are allowed for the Regulars.

Punds shall be provided by Secretary at

Hv.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 87- $99

this Actdirected to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants,

Ensigns, Adjutants, Quarter-Matters, Surgeons; and the receiving and taking any such Subsistence-Money by any such Field Officer,

Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Quarter Matter, Surgeon, shall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay so as in any Manner to prevent such Person on Half-pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half^pay or such Allowance; and such Person shall lake the following Oath before forae Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same:

1 T A* B. do swear, that I had not between the and the any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half-pay

as a Reduced in His Majesty's Navy, [or, in the Marines], [or, in late Regiment of ],

or, Allowance as in late Troop of Horse Guards], [or, Regiment of Horse Reduced], save

and except my Subsistence [as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, or Quarter-Mailer, Surgeon, as the Case may be],

or serving in the Local Militia of the County of .*

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half-pay or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Law, TJsage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any But when Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Regular Militia, or Local Militia, embodied the shall be drawn out and embodied, then and during such Time only Half-pay shall/ as such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, cease# Quarter-Matter, Surgeon, entitled to any such Half-pay or Allowance as aforesaid, shall receive the full annual Pay of their resprctive Commissions or Situations in the Regular Militia or Local Militia, such Half pay and Allowances as aforesaid (hah cease and determine.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Non. Militia Men commissioned Officer or private Man in the Regular Militia or Local may continue to Militia entitled to receive any Chelsea Pensions or Allowance, shall receive Chelsea forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and re-en"ou^ ceiving Pay in the Regular Militia or Local Militia.

X. f And whereas Persons appointed to act as Adjutants in the«Regular Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof; and it is expedient that some Provision should be made for them in consideration of their former Services Be it enacted, That if any Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall have Allowance t6 served faithfully either in His Majesty's Regu ar Forces or in the Adjutants in Regular Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the Whole, the Regular Fifteen of which he shall have ftrved as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, MHuia after 30 shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he (i^hereofin shall, on producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the the Militia), County, Riding, or Place to which such Regular Militia shall belong 6s. per Day. if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland if in Scotland % a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged* be entitled to receive, and the Receivers General aforesaid respectively shall be, and they are hereby authorised and required, to say to fgQh Puffin producing such Certificate8 aforesaid, an Allowance

ICO

C. 87.

GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Allowance to Adjutants of reduced Regiment* Us. per Pay.

Allowance to Surgeons after tfO Years Service, as. per Pay.

Receivers-General of the Land Tax shall pay the Allowances to the Clerks of the General and Sub-division Meetings.

nee at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that rto Person shall be entitled to receive such Allovrar.ee as aforesaid, who shall have served for a lefa Term than Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment

of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, except as Regimental or Battalion Clerk of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Regular Militia.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company shall have already ceased and determined, or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment, during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Three Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independant Company, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, or from the Time such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independant Company shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Eflaolishment, as the Case may be, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten.

XII. 1 And whereas Persons appointed to act as Surgeons in the

Regular Miiilia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable of

doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Provision

should be made for them in consideration of their former Services Be it enacted, That if any Surgeon of Regular Militia, having faithfully served in the Militia for the full Term of Thirty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Receiver General of the L*nd Tax for the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regular Militia shall belong if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland if in Scotland, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Receiverg-General aforesaid respectively shall be, and they are hereby authorised and required, to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Advance at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day: Provided always, That no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding, or Place in England, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver or Receivere-General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding, or Place respectively, and in every County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver General for Scotland shall issue and pay the whole Sums required for the respective Allowances to the Clerks of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Sub'division Meetings in England, at the Rates following; that is to say, to the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting; and such further Allowance shall be made to such respective General and Sub division Clerks, for their Expences and Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons returned liable to serve in the Regular Militia or Local Militia, by taking out the Names of

act

A.D. 18cp* 49° GEO. III.€.67; £01

all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inferring the Names of any Persons that shall have been omitted to be inserted; and in numbering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Bailot, after the Rate of One Pound Fifteen Shillings for every One thousand Names of Persons returned'liable to serve; and also for the actual Expences incurred by such respective Clerks, and for Printing and Stationary used for the Purpose of this Act, as to the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, or Places, shall appear reasonable and proper; and in case the Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants for the Payment of such further Allowances as aforesaid, shall be confirmed at a General Meeting confiding of not less than Five Deputy Lieutenants, but not otherwise.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Receivers-General in England Clerks shall shall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance, at PJ^UC* d» the Rate of Five Pounds and Five Shillings for each Meeting, or such

further Allowance as may be made as herein-before directed, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from His Majesty's Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Lieutenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings; and shall also pay to each and every of the Clerks of the Sub-division Meetings, their several Allowances at the Rate of Orte Pound and One Shilling for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made as herein before directed, upon h*S or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy-Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, assembled in the several Sub-division Meetings; which said Order or Orders, specifying the Day or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places and for what Purpose or Purposes the said General and Sub-division Meeting or Meetings have been assembled and held, together with the Clerk's Receipt or Receipts for the Sums so claimed, shall be to the Receivers-General in England respectively, a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in their Accounts; and that the several Allowances to Clerks of General and Sub-division Meetings, for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act in Scotland, shall be paid and defrayed in the same Manner in which Schoolmaters9 Condablfs, and other Persons employed in the Execution of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to ratfe and establish a Militia Force in Scotland, are 42 G .8. c. 91. directed to be paid for their Trouble and Expences.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Sump Dnty lawful for the Agent-General of Volunteers and Local Militia, and he

is hereby required to re-pay any Sum of Money which may have been MilitTafKall be paid for the Stamp Duty, on any Commission of any Officer in the 'repaid.

Local Militia, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as the Secretary at War shall appoint.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts, and Orders Bills, &c.forPay. drawn for the Payor Allowance of the Regular Militia (when dif- exempt from embodied), or Local Militia under this Act, may or shall be drawn

upon undamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be void, by reason of being so drawn or written on unllamped Paper.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Fee or No Fees for Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrants. Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued iot relation to or

in pursuance of this Act.

XVII I*

20*

Recomy of

fprices, 6ce,

43 G. 3. c. 89. recited and repealed: Except i '22. respecting the Qualification and Appointment of Deputy-Lietiteoants for Bute and Sutherland, and §21. as to Substitutes not having more than two Children.

C. 87 — *90. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

XVIII. Provided always, tod be it enacted, Thit all Penalties and Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money for which any Person or Persons is or are by this A A made answrrable, may and shall be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, according as the Case may require, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Daw, or Protection, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

[10th June 1809.]

if Continuance of Act 25th of March 1810. §10.

[In all RespeSs the same as 48 G. 3. c. 51. J

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to revive and continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

[10th June 1809.]

42 Geo. 3. c. 64. to which tins A3 is similar9 mutatis mutandis.]

CAP. XC.

An Act for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of the Militia Men in Scotland, when called into actual Service.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for providing

Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called into«aQual Service: And whereas the said Act requiring to be amended,

it is expedient to repeal the same, in order that the whole Provisions for such Relief may be consolidatrd in one Act; may it«therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted f And be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months after the passing hereof, the said Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed (excepting in so far as the same relates to the Qualification and Appointment of Deputy Lieutenants for the Counties of Bute and Sutherland; and also excepting in so far as it prevents a Substitute from being received for any ballotted Man in the Militia of Scotland % which Substitute shall have more than Two lawful Children at the Time he shall be produced to be enrolled); and from and after the Expiration ofr such Two Months, wherever the said recited Act shall have been referred to in any Act or Acts of Parliament, this Act shall

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 9<$

be deemed and taken to be the Act so referred to, id the same Manner as if this Act had been therein referred to.

II. And be it enacted, That if any Person serving or enrolled in the families of Militia of Scotland as a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, or as Militia Men

a ballotted Man or Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer respectively, Scotland called shall, when embodied and called out into actual Service, leave a Family g^yj^ unable to support themselves', the Family of every such Non-commis- week!*

(ioned Officer, Drummer, ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Man, or Allowance.*Volunteer respectively, shall receive in the Manner herein after directed a weekly Allowance, by the following Rule; that is to say, a Sum 5

not exceeding the usual and ordinary Price of one Day's Labour in Husbandry within the County, Stewartry, Division, District,

Parish, or Place where such Family shall dwell, nor less than One Shilling for each and every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Acre of Ten Years; and for the Wife of such Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, whether he shall or shall not have any Child or Children, a Sum not exceeding the Price of one Day's such Labour, nor less than One Shilling.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Ratfctf Allows Justices of the Peace of any County or Stewartry, in Scotland, raising tmceshallbe any Militia, assembled in Quarter Sessions, either upon the Day of

which the Michaelmas Head Court is held, or on the Day on which the Commissioners of Supply meet to assess the Land Tax, and they are hereby directed to settle, ascertain, and regulate the Rate of Allowance to be paid under this Act to the Families of Militia Men resident within such County, Stewartry, Division, or Place, and every inch Rate of Allowance so settled, ascertained, and regulated a aforesaid, shall be binding upon all Justices of the Peace making any Order for the Payment of Allowances under this Act ih such County, Stewartry, Division, or Place, until another or new Rate of Allowance shall be settled by them as aforesaid.

Former Rate of Allowance continued till new Rate made. §4.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance shall be, ordered or paid under this Act to the Wife or Children of any Person serving in the Militia, until such Person shall have joined the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs, or for any longer Period than such Person shall continue to serve and remain embodied in actual Service 5 nor in any Case in which the Wife in respect of or by whom any such Relief is demanded shall be in the same Parish or Place wherein the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in which her Husband shall serve shall be for the Time, or shall leave her Child or Children (if any) or depart from her Home or Place of Residence specified in the Declaration herein after mentioned, unless under Certificate of any neighbouring Justice of the Peace, or the Minister and One or more Members of the Kirk Session of the Parish in which such Relief shall be given, authorising such Departure for a Time specified therein, not exceeding Ten Weeks, for the Purposea of Harvest, or obtaining by Work a better Support for her Family.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Allowance under chid Act shall be given or ordered to be given to the Family of any Substitute, hired "Ian or Volunteer! who shall marry after and during the Time of Iris

being

Allowance shall not be made until Militia Man shall have joined his Corps.

Nor to Family of any Substitute, &c. marrying without Consent of Commanding Officer.

CjCk e

fo£ C-9<^ r49e GEO. TIL A.B.1809,

being called out into actual Service, unless such Marriage shall have taken place with the Confenc of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Militia Man shall belong, and such Consent shall have been certified under the Hand of such Colonel or other Commanding Officer previous to such Marriage. Commanding

VII. And be it enacted, That previous to the granting of auy Officers shall rc- such Certificate, such Commanding Officer shall satisfy himself that gHler Certificates every such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, was not previously oKuch Consent, marrje(i. an(j every Commanding Officer granting such Certificate shall keep or cause to be kept, a Register thereof, and of the Marriage, in the Manner appearing from Schedule (F.) hereunto annexed. Ko Family to be

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Wife, entitled to Allow- Child or Children of any Militia Man shall be entitled to any Al-ance unless Huf- iowance under this Act, unless such Militia Man shall make and sign >an ma es a a Declaration before the Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which he belongs according to the Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, and unless such Commanding Officer shall certify that such a Declaration has been made before him according to the Form appearing from Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed, and unless such Commanding Officer shall transmit such Declaration and Certificate to the Clerk of Supply of the County or Stewartry wherein such Wife or Children retide, which he is hereby required to do.

IX. And be it enacted, That any such Declaration and Certificate shall remain in force for Six Months, and no longer.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon such Declaration and

CmificatHhall Certificate being transmitted to the Clerk of Supply of the County be transxmued to or Stewartry where such Wife or Children reside, be shall enter the tlerk of Supply, same in a Register to be kept of such Declarations and Certificates, in the Manner appearing from Schedule (G.) hereunto annexed, and such Clerk of Supply shall transmit every such Declaration and Certificate within Six Days after he shall have received the same to the Minister of the Parish wherein such Wife or Children reside; and any Clerk of Supply receiving any such Declaration and Certificate, and failing or neglecting to register and transmit the same in the Manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Default, to be recovered with Expences or Costs of Suit, by a summary Complaint to be made to the Sheriff or Stewart-Depute of the County or Stewartry by any Person or Persons, One Half of which Penalty to be applied to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to be paid to the Person or Persons suing for the same.

Minister and

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Minister upon receiving Kirk Session shall such Declaration and Certificate, shall lay the same before the Kirk Sw^of The Fa- Session, and the said Minister and Kirk Session shall inquire into the roily, and there- Situation of the Family, and if upon such Inquiry it shall appear that upon grant Cer- they are unable to maintain themselves, such Minister and Kirk Session tificate. shall thereupon sign a Certificate in the Terms appearing from the

Schedule (C.) hereunto annexed, and shall transmit the same to some Commissioner of Supply residing within the Parish, or in the Event of no Commissioner of Supply residing within the Parish, to some Heritor poffifled of Land within the Parish to the Amount of at least Fifty Pounds of valued Rent, or some Person occupying Land within the Parish, and paying Rent of not less than Fifty Pounds Sterling per Annum j and in Cities or Towns Corporate, to om* of

To remain in force only Six Months.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 90.

the Mdgiftratea thereof; and if such Commissioner or Heritor, or Person or Magistrate refo*Aively, shall be satisfied of such Inability, they, ' as well as such Minister and Kirk Session, shall sign such Certificate.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if upon such Smaller Allow Inquiry it shall appear that such Wife or Children may be enabled a»ce imy be paid to maintain themselves with a smaller Allowance than the Rate hereby in certuiu directed to be paid to such Wife or Children, such Minister and Kirk.

Session are hereby authorised to ascertain and specify the Amount of such smaller Allowance to be paid to such Wife or C jildren in such Certificate as aforesaid, and every smaller Allowance, so ascertained and specified, shall be paid in the same M inner as if the full Allowance authorised by this Act were to be paid to such Wife or Children.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That such Certificate shall remain

in force for Three Months and no longer; and if at the Expiration renevve(j

of such Period the Wife or Children shall Hill be unable to support Three Months.

themselves, they shall again apply to the Minister, who shall again lay

their Application before the Kirk Session, and such Minister and Kirk

Session shall again inquire into such Inability, and if such Inability

shall appear to continue, another Certificate shall be granted according*

to the Form and in the Manner before directed, and so at the End of every Three Months as often as any such Application shall be made; provided that a Return shall not have been made in the Manner herein after directed, of the Death, Desertion, Removal, or otherwise from the Regiment of any Militia Man, in Behalf of whose Wife or Children any such Application shall have been made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production of On Profusion of.

such Certificate to a Justice of the Peace of the County or Stewartry Certificate, Juf-where such Family resides, such Justice shall, if he be satisfied there- foi

with, make an Order in the Form appearing from Schedule (D.) iowauCg# ul*hereunto annexed, for the Payment of a weekly Allowance, according to the Rate which shall have been settled by the Justices of the County or Stewartry as aforesaid, for each and every Child and the Wife named in such Certificate, or where a smaller Allowance shall appear to have been ascertained, and shall be specified in such Certificate, then for the Payment of such smaller Allowance.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every such Order shall remain To be in force far

in force for Three Months, and no longer. Three Month*.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Certificate upon Order shall ho which any such Order shall have been made shall forthwith be trans- transmitted by mitted by the Justice of the Peace making the same to the Clerk of Justice to Clerk Supply of the Coins'y, Stewartry, City or Place in which such Families^uPPty vv, .1° shall dwell, who shall record the same, and shall forthwith transmit t^CoUcaorof Copies of so many of such Certificates as relate to Allowances to qc{u Families of Militia Men serving for any other County, Stewartry, City,

or Place, to the Clerk of Supply of such other County, Stewartry,

City, or Place, and shall also transmit the Originate of all Certificates transmitted to him by a Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to the Col-ie&or of the Ccfs for his County or Stewartry, City or Place; and any Clerk of Supply failing or neglecting for the Space of Six Days after the Receipt of any inch Certificates, to record and transmit Copies and the Originals thereof in the Manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Neglect, to be recovered with Expences or Costs of Suit, in the same Manner

Z that

CoTte&or of Cefa shall remit for Allowances to Kiik Treasurer.

Treasurer of Kirk Session shall pay upon an Order from the Justice, and tranl-mit Account to Clerk of Supply.

C9& - 49° GEO. III.' A.D. 1809.

that any Penalty agamd Clerks of Supply it herein directed to be recovered. One Half of which Penalty to be applied to the Use of His Majesty, Hia Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to be paid to the Person or Persons suing for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such

Collector of the Cess, and he is hereby authorised and required to remit or pay out of such publick Monies as may be in his Hands, f6 the Treasurer of the Kirk Session of each Parish, and where there shall be no such Treasurer, then to the Minister and Kirk Session of such Parish, at lead once in every Month, a Sum sufficient to satisfy and pay the Amount of the Allowances specified in such Certificates fd transmitted to such Collector; and any Collector failing or neglecting to remit such Sum in the Manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum equal to twice the Amount thereof, to be recovered with Expences or Cods of Suit, by a summary Complaint to be made to the Sheriff or Stewart-Depute of the County or Stewartry, by any Person or Person6, One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Kirk Treasurer, or to the Minister and Kirk Session where there is nd Kirk Treasurer, to make good the Sum which ought to have been remitted to him or them by such Col it dor, and the other Half to be paid to the Person or Persons suing for the same.

XVIII. And be it further tnaded. That the Treasurer of the Kitk Session or Minister and Kirk Session, (as the Case may be,) 10 whom such Sum shall be remitted, shall give a Receipt for the same; and such weekly Allowances shall be paid by the Kirk Treasurer, or the M nifter and Kirk Session, up n Prr.dudion of the Order mad^ byajudice of the Peace as aforesaid, to the Persons entitled tore-ceive the same, provided such Persons are actually redding in the Par-fli where such Allowances are demanded at the Time, but not otherwise* unless upon Permission for a limited Time, and upon a Certificate thereof in the Manner herein-before directed, and Receipts shall be taken from the Persons to whom such Allowances shall be paid; and the said Kirk Treasurer, or Mioifter and Kirk Session, shall trans-roit an Account orce in every Month to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply, to be by him preserved and kept, shewing the Monies received and paid pursuant to this Act, in which the Persons to whom the same shall be paid shall be tpccially described by Name, Age, Refidtnce, and as the Wife or Children of the Militia Man, declared and certified in the Manner herein directed; and any Treasurer of the Kirk Session, or Minister and Kirk Session, to whom Money shall have been remitted or paid as aforesaid, (as the Case may be,) who shall refuse or delay to pay such weekly Allowances in the Manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum equal to twice the Amount of each Sum so refused or delayed to be paid, or who shall fail or neglect to transmit an Account in the Manner hereby directed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Neglect, to be recovered in a summary Manner, with Expences or Costs of Suit, upon Complaint made to any Justice of the Peace of the County or Stewartry in which such Treasurer, Minister, and Kirk Session residej by the Person or Persons to whom the same otight to have been paid, or by the Clerk of Supply, to whom the same ought to have been transmitud, One Half of which Penalty to be applied to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to be paid to the Person or Persons suing for the same*

XIX.

A.D. tSd^« 49° GEO. III. C.pb.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Supply receiving f such Account, shall within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof fend a Copy of every such Account, certified by him to be a true Copy, to the Collector of the Cess of his County, Stewartry, City, or Place, and where any of the Allowances appearing to have been paid by such Account shall have been made to the Family of any Militia Man serving fer any other County, Stewartry, City or Place* a Copy of so much of such Account, certified as aforesaid, shall within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof be transmitted by the Clerk of Supply, who shall have received the same, to the Clerk of Supply of every County, Stewartry, City, or Place, for which any such Militia Man shall be serving, who shall record the same; and any Clerk of Supply failing or neglecting to transmit Accounts in the Manner hereby dfc.&ed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Default, to be recovered by any Person suing for the same, with Expences or Coifs of Suit, in the Manner in which any other Penalty ib directed to be recovered by this Act.

XX. And be it enacted, that in the Month of January in every Year, Accounts shall be stated by and between the Collector of every County or Stewartry, with ea«h K: rk Treasurer, or Minister, and K rk S^flion, within his County or Stewartry, shewing the Amount of all Monies remitted or paid by such Coilr&or to such Kirk Treasurers, or Ministera and Kirk Sessions respectively, in the Year preceding the First Day of the said Month of January in which such Account is dated, and also shewing the Allowances paid by such Kirk Treasurers or Minister* and Kirk Sessions for the Year preceding such First Day of January, and such Accounts shall be settled by such Collector with such Kirk Treasurers or M'nifters and Kirk Sessiona respectively, who shall thereupon deliver up to such Co*ltdor the Receipts taken for the Payment of such Allowances; and any Collector of the Cess failing or neglecting to settle or to get settled such Accounts in the Month of January in every Year as aforesaid, shall not be allowed to take Credit in his Accounts with the Receiver Central for Scotland for any Monies remitted or paid fy, him under this Act.

XXI. And be it tna&td. That every such Account shall on or before the Fifteenth Day of February in every Year, be examined and compared with the Vouchers thereof by the Clerk of Supply of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, in which the same shall be made up, and shall thereupon be doequetted and signed by him.

XXII. And be it enacted, That fuen Clerk of Supply shall make up from such Account, Accounts shewing the Allowances paid in his County, Stewartry, City, or Place, to Families residing therein of M litia Men serving for other Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places respectively, and shall on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of February in every Year transmit such Accounts, signtd by him, to the Clerks of Supply of such Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places respectively; and any Clerk of Supply failing or neglecting to make up and transmit such Accounts to the Clerks of Supply of such Counties, Stewart-rics, Cities or Places, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as any other Penalty may be recovered and applied under this Act.

XXIII.

ttoy

Certified Copies of Accounts IkJ! be transmitted W Cdletfior of the Cdj,

Annual Accounts shall be stated by the Collector*

Accounts shall be examined by Clerk ef Supply.

Accounts of Allowances paid for other Counties shall be tmnf-'rtaitted to them.

Accounts shall be Rated by Clerk «f Supply Yearly.

ACTcfTment shall be made there-upon.

Houses not rated to House Tax exempted.

No Person shall be assessed for both Houses and Land*

One Half of Assessment shall be paid by Tenants.

Account of Rate shall be made up.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That trt the Month of March in every Year, an Account shall be made up br the Clerk of SupDly of every County, Stewartry, City, or Place9 Rating the Allowances paid previous to the First Day of January preceding, to the Families of any Militia Men serving for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, whether residing in such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or in any other County, Stewartry, City, or Place.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That such Account may be examined by a Committee of the Commissioners of Supply, from Time to Time to be appointed by them for that Purpose, and shall be laid before the said Commissioners of Supply at the next Annual Meeting at which they aflVmble to assess the Land Tax, and at such Meeting the said Commissioners of Supply shall make an AflVflment equal to the Amount of the Allowancesappearing from such Account to have been paid to the Families of Militia Men serving for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, in the following Manner; that is to say, upon L»nd according to the valued Rent of the same, and upon Houses according to the Rent or Yearly Value set on such Houses by the latest AflVflment of the House Tax, and in the following Propositions; videlicet, for every such AflVflment to the Amount of One Shilling Sterling upon One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, an AflVflment shall be laid upon the Rent or Yearly Value of Houses so ascertained, at the Rate of One Penny Sterling in the Pound of such Rent or Yearly Value, and so in proposition for any greater or less Sum.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Assessment shall be laid upon any House which shall not be rated for the House Tax.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be assessed in respect of his, her, or their House or Houses, and also in respectc of his, her, or their Lands in the same County or Stewartry, but it shall be in the Po wer of the said Commissioners to lay such Assessment upon such Person or Persons, either in rcloecl of such House or Houses, or of such Lands, as to such Commissioners shall seem calculated to produce the highest AflVflment.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That for all Sums so assessed upon Land, the Proprietor shall have Relief again! the Tenant or Occupier thereof for One Half of such AflVflment, and every such AflVflment upon Houses shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, who shall be entitled to dedu& from his, her, or their Rent One Half of every such AflVflment so paid by such Occupier or Occupiers.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That at the Time every such AflVflment is made, an Account in the Form in the Schedule (E.) hereunto annexed, shall be Itated, shewing the gross Amount of the Sums for which it is made; and also the Rate at which it is to be levied upon the valued Rent of Land and upon the Rents of Houses, in the Manner directed by this Act, which Account shall be signed by the Clerk of Supply, and by the Praefes of the Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply at which such AflVflment is made, and the same shall be transmitted to the Collector of the Cess as his Authority for levying such AflVflment; and such Account so authenticated, shall, if required, be shewn by such Coilc&or to every Person paying his Proposition of such AflVflment.

XXIX.

A.D. 1809. 4$° GEO. III. C. 90.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Comtftiflionm of Supply shall omit, neglect, or refuse to make any fuel Act-Ament, according to the Directions of this Act, then the Clerk of Supply of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place shall and ht' is hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the Meeting at which such Assessment ought to have been made, to certify to His Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer in Scotland, such Neglect, Omission, or Refusal of such Commissioners, and the Names of such Commissioners, who shall be present at such Meeting; and His Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer is hereby required, on Receipt of such Certificate, forthwith to proceed by all such legal Means as shall be most effectual and expeditious to compel such Commissioners to pay due Obedience to this Act, and to cause such Assessment to be made, and the Money raised, collected, and paid.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow, the Magistrates thereof shall and they are hereby authorised to levy from the Heritors, Burgcfts, and Inhabitants of such City, their Proposition of the Assessment to be made pursuant to this Act, to raise the Sum necessary to afford the Relief hereby provided to the Families of the Militia serving for the said Cities, in such Maimer and in the same Propositions as the Cef9 Stent and other publick Burders and Contributions are in Use by Lafr to be aft fled and levied in the said Cities.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the Two Cities aforesaid, all Certificates of Inability shall be transmitted from the Parities within the same to the Town Clerk of the said Cities respectively, who shall and he is hereby required to do all Matter^ and Tniogs directed by this Act to be done by the Clerk ti the Commissioners of Supply in any County or Stewartry.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of ever^r Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, or where there shall be no Adjutant the Serjeant-Major thereof, shall within Seven Days after thfe Twenty-fourth Day of every Month during the Time that the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain embodied and in actual Service, return to the respective Clerks of Supply of the County, Stewartry or Plgce to which such Regiment, Battalion*, or Corps shall belong, a particular Lift of all Promotions and Vacancies, and all Deaths, Desertions, and other Causes of Vacancy, that shall have occurred among the private Militia Men frrving for the several and respective Subdivisions of the County, Stewartry, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall bJong, in the Calendar Month preceding each such Twenty-Lurth Day as aforesaid, ani shall specify the Christian and Surname of each Man so returned, and whether ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, and the Parish of Place for which he was serving; and such respective Clerks of the Commissioners of Supply shall within Six Days after the Receipi of such Return, transmit proper Extracts of so much thereof as relates to Militia M-n whole Families reside within their own County, Stewartry, City, or Place, to the Kirk Treasurers, or the Minister* and Kirk Sessions of the respective Parifltes or Places therein, and proper Extracts of the Remainder of such Returns to the Clerks of Supply of the other Counties or Stewartries in which the Families of any such Militia Men receiving an Allowance under this Act, shall be then reacting, and such Clerks of Supply of such other Counties or

49° GEO. III. P Stewartries

On Failure of Assessment Application ihaH be made to the Exchequer to compel same.

How Assessment* shall be levied in Edinburgh and Glasgow.

In those Cities, Certificates, &c. shall be transmitted to Town Qerks.

Adjutants shall make Monthly Returns of Vacancies.

C.go.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Allowance for Trouble to Kirk Tieai'urer.

Allowances to

Collectors and Clerks of Supply.

No Collector shall take Credit for Sums remitted, without Vouchers.

Account of Money remitted and levied shall be tianl'mitted by Co!Iector to JEx-chccjuer.

Stewartries shall, within Six Days after the Receipt of the same, transmit proper Extrads thereof to the Kirk Treasurers, or the Mini stera and Kirk Stiltons of the respective Parishes within their Counties or Stewartries, in which the Families of any such Militia Men receiving an Allowance under this Act shall be then residing.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commifikners of Supply of aay County or Stewartry, assembled at the annual Meeting at which they meet to a(Tef9 the Land Tax, and they are hereby empowered to grant such Allowance to such Treasurer of the Kirk Session as they shall think sufficient for his Trouble in paying and keeping the Accounts of such D fburfe-ments, and such Commissioners of Supply shall be and they are hereby further empowered to allow a Sum tqual to what shall appear to them to be the necessary Expences incurred by such Treasurer of the Kirk Session, or by the Minister and Kirk Session, in discharging the Duties hereby required of him or them, which Allowances shall be paid by the Collector of the County or Stewartry upon the Order of such Commissioners, who shall include the Sum speci6ed therein in the Amount of the Assessment directed to be made pursuant to this Act

Provided always, that no such Allowance shall be granted to aBy such Treasurer, or Minittec, or Kirk Seffioa, who shall fail or omit tp settle their Accounts in the Manner directed by this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any County or Stewartry a (Te mb led at such annual Meeting as aforesaid, and they are hereby empowered to graot an Allowance to the Coliedor of the Cess and to the Clerk of Supply of their County or Stewartry for their Trouble in doing and performing the various Matters and Things required by this Act to be done and performed by such Coliedor of the Cess and Clerk of Supply, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds par Annum to any Coliedor of the Cess, and Thirty Pounds per Annum to any Clerk of Supply; and every such Allowance shall be satisfied and paid upon the Order of such Commissioners by being included in the first Assessment made under this Act after such Order shall have been made; and the Coliedor of the Cess levying such Assessment shall account for and pay such Allowance to the Clerk of Supply as he shall be entitled to by such Order.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Sums paid or remitted by any Coliedor pursuant to this Act, shall be allowed in his Accounts with the Receiver General of Scotland\ unless he shall produce, as the Vouchers thereof, the original Certificates of Inability, directed by this Act to be transmitted to him by the Clerk of Supply, of his County, Stewartry, City, or Place, and the Receipts transmitted or delivered to him by the Kirk Treasurers or Mioiiters and Kirk Sessions, pursuant to this Act, and alf > the Accounts, annual'y settled in Manner herein directd, with the Vouchers thereof.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That each Colltdor of the Land Tax, remitting and paving Monty as directed by this Act, shall on or before the Fifteenth Day of April in every Yea-, transmit to the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of His Majesty's Exchequer in Scotland, an Account, with the Vouchers, of all the Money To remitted and paid by him previous to the First Day of January preceding, and of all the Money levied by him pursuant to any Assessment made in Terms of this Act, or otherwise received pursuant to this Act, previous

ta

to the Date of such Account; and any Collector of the Land Tax failing or neglecting to transmit such Account in the Manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be recovered upon the Application of His Majesty's Advocate to the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons aforesaid, besidei being otherwise responsible for such Default as accords of Law.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of Supply of every County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall and is hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the annual Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply, at which they assemble to assess the Land Tax, to transmit to His Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer a Copy of the Account made up by him in the Mouth of March preceding, as directed by this A and shall at the same Time certify to His Majesty's said Attorney in Exchequer, whether an Assessment has been made thereof pursuant to this A«, and shall further certify to such Attorney in Exchequer the gross Amount of all the Allowances made to the Families of Militia Men redding within his County, Stewartry, City, or Place, pursuant to this Act, previous to the First Dav of January preceding; and any Clerk of Supply failing or neglecting to rranlmit such Account, or to certify to His Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer in the Manner hereby dirt died, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same Manner as any Penalty against any Collector of the Ccfs may be recovered.

XXXVII.I. And be it further enacted, That such Accounts and Vouchers so transmitted by the Collectors of the Cef3 and Clerks of Supply to the* Court of Exchequer shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the Receipt thereof, be examined by His Majesty's Remembrancer in Exchequer, who shall report to the Lord Chief Baron ind other Barons of the Exchequer, whether the Direct on8 of this Act have been complied with, and whether it appears that the Assessments have been made and levied which ought to have been made and levied in Terms of this Act, and whether such Collectors have rendered due Accounts, with proper Vouchers, thereof, and have accounted for every Sum of M >ncy which pught to have come to their Hands pursuant to thisJ Act; and the Lord Chief Baron and other Baroul aforesaid shall make such Order, and give such Din ct»ons as shall appear to them necessary and proper to be made and given thereupon.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and they are hereby empower'd, if they shall think proper, to order and direCh the resptCfive Coilt&ors of the Cess of the Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places in which Allowances shall appear to have been paid (or Families residing therein of Militia Men fcTving for other Counties. Sttwartimes, Cities, or Places, to recover from the respt&ve Colh£t>rs of the Ccfs of such other Counties, St t war tries, Ctiea, or Places, such &ume of Money as shall appear to have been paid for Families of Militia Men serving for such other Counties, Stewanrics, Cities, or Places as aforesaid.

11 Accounts under former Act shall be transmitted before the First " of January 1810. f 40. Orders and Certificates shall accompany " inch Accounts. §. 41. General Account? under recited Act shall be made up before 15th February j8jo, §42. Afkflment shall ". be madcaccordingly, it necessary. £43. Any Excess of Assessmen t

P 2* upon

an

Accounts shall be iransmitted by Cferk of Supply to exchequer.

Accounts transmitted to Exchequer shall be examined there.

Barons of Exchequer may direct Collegers of Cess to re- cover from each other.

String of §21.

and 22. of 43 G. 3. c. 89.

No Allowance to Substitutea having more than Two Children, See.

C.pOf 49° GEO. in A.D. 1809

" upon fneb Account, shall be deducted from the firi Assessinrat " under this Act. §44.

XLV. And be it enacted, That so much of the said recked Ad as relates to the Qualification and Appointment of Deputy Lieutenants W the Counties of Bute and Sutherland\ and also so much of the said Act as prevent* a Sabstitute from being received for any ballotted Man in the Militia of Scotland\ which Sub dilute (halt have more than Two lawful Children at the Time he shall be produced to be enrolled, flsaU not be repealed, but such Ad, so far at regards the same, shall remain in force in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; Provided always, thit no Allowance under this Act shall be ordered to be paid to the Family of any Substitute, hired Mao, or Volunteer to be enrolled after the passing of this Act, who shall at the Time of his Enrolment have more than Two lawful Children, or who shall have fraudulently represented and declared that he bad no Wife at the Time of his Enrolment, or who shall have fraudulently and falsely represented and declared at the Time of such Enrolment, that he had not more than Two lawful Children.

u Act may be altered this Session. §46.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

DECLARATION to be made and finned by a Militia Man, having a Wife or Family in a State of Indigence.

I. Where the Wife is living.

I A.B. a Militia Man serving in [focify the Corps] do declare, That C.D. is my lawful Wife, and has been so since the Day of, and that I have by the said C. D.

[One,

Twq, or more Children, as the Case may be] under the Age of Ten Years [Specifying the Name and Age of each Child] and that the said C. V resides (with such Child or Children) in the Parish of [Name of Par\Jh'\ and is unable to support berftlf [and such Child or Cnildren] by reason that [state the Reason\; and if a Substitute, that I had not more than Two lawful Children born in Wedlock at the Time I was produced to be enrolled: And these Things I the said A.B. do solemnly aver and declare to be true.

Dated this Day of A. B*

2. Where the Wife is dead leaving a Child or Children.

T A. &. a Militia Man serving in [Specify the Corps] do declare, That C.D. deceased, lately ufiding [specijy where] was my lawful Wife, and that we were married Persons mice the Day of

Jnd that I have by the said C. D.

[One, Two, or more Children under the Age of Ten Years Specifying the Name and Age of each Child] and that such Child or Children reside with [specify with whom they reside] at [Specify the Place] and that such Child or Children are unable to support themselves by reason that [state xhe Reason]1; and if a Substitute, that I had not more than Two lawful Children born in Wedlock at the Time I was produced to be enrolled: And these Things I the had A.B. do fodemnly aver and declare to be true. Dated ihia Day of, A M*

A.D. 1809.

49* CEO. ftfc C90*

SCHEDULE (B.)

CERTIFICATE by Commanding Officer.

1. Where the Militia Man is not a Substitute, hired Man, or Volun-

teer, or being a Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, was married previous to the 'Time at which he was called out to actual Service,

J E. F. commanding the [fyec'fy the Regiment] do certify. That upon the Day of A.B. a Militia Man

serving in the said Regiment for the Parish of in the '

County or Stewartry of \Jpectly whether a batlotted

Man, or a Substitute, hired Man, and if a Substitute, for whom serving, and for what Parish ir Place] came before me, and made the Declaration hereunto annexed. Witness my Hand this Day of £ FV

2. Where the Militia Man, being a Substitute, hired Man, or Volun-

teer, was married subsequent to the Time at which he was called1 out into actual Service.

J E. F. commanding' the [frctly the Regiment] do certify, That upon the Day of A.B. a Substitute,

hired Man, or Volunteer [as the Case may he] serving in the said Regiment for the Parish of in the County ['sr,

Stewartry] of was married upon the

Day of with the Consent of [JPcctly Name] then

commanding Officer of the said Regiment (certified under the Hthd of the said Clommandieg Officer previous to the Marriage) to [ficcify the Name of the Wife, and the Parish or Place where she now reiides] 1 And I further certify, That the said A.B. came before me, tod* made the Declaration hereunto annexed. Witness my Hand th»

Day of E. F.

SCHEDULE (C.)

CERTIFICATE by the MirfKfter, Kirk Session, Commissioners of Supply, or other Person.

TOTE A.B. Minister of the Parish of and C. D.

E. F. and G. H. Members of the Kirk Session thereof, do*hereby certify. That in consequence of a Declaration and Certificate transmitted to the said Minister, pursuant to an Act passed in the, Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled? [Here insert the Title of this Act] We did inquire into the Situation of [mention Wife or Children] and found her [[or, them], to be unable to maintain herself [or themselves] by reatbn [fate the Reason] and we also inquired whether the Wife had departed from her Home or Place of Relidenae specifkd in the said Declaration, and found tbnt she had not done for (or that (he had done so with the Permission and upon a Certificate thereof, in the Manner provided by the said Act) and we reported these Things to [mention Name of Justied, Heritor, Person or Magiftr^te] of which he also fatufied himself. In Witness whereof theiaid £Just ice, Heritor, Person, or, Magistrate] has with 11a set hit Hand hereto -this Day of

Where the Wife or Children shall be enabled to maintain them* fdves with a smaller Allowance than the full Rate, then after P3 the

49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

the Reason of Inability, these Words will follow14 But we found that upon receiving an Allowance of per

Week, such Wife or Children will be able to maintain themselves.'*

SCHEDULE (D.)

ORDER to be made by a Justice of the Peace for Payment of Allowances.

J A\ B. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County [or, Stewartry] of in consequence of a

Certificate produced to me, of which a Cooy is annexed, do hereby order [mention Name of Kirk Treasurer or Minister, and Kirk Session] of the Parish of [mention Parish] to pay to the therein named [mention Name of Wife or C sildrm] a Weekly Allowance of to the said (Wife) and for each of the said (Children.)

For which this Order shall be a sufficient Authority. Witness my Hand at this Day of E. F»

SCHEDULE (E.)

An ACCOUNT shewing the Amount and Rate of Assessments made this Day of pursuant to Ad Forty-ninth

George III. Cap.

X. For the Amount of Allowances paid to Families redding £. /. el. in this County or Stewartry of Militia Men serving for this County or Stewartry -

2. For the Amount of Allowances paid in other Counties

or Stewartries [vi^fpceify the Counties} to Families therein redding of Militia Men serving for this County or Stewartry -

3. For the Amount of Allowances for Trouble and Charges

in Terms of the Ad -

1. To Officers, specifying to*whom

2. Charges incurred by them -

1. Amount of valued Rent within the County [or Stewartry]

2. Amount of Rents of Houty

£ / d

Rate of Assessment:

on each £100. of valued Rent in the Pound of Rent or Yearly Vahie of Houses, according to the latest Assessment for the House Tax -

SCHEDULE (F.)

REGISTER of Substitut<=8, hired Men, and Volunteers, belonging to the Regiment of \defcr\bt the Regiment] married with the Coufent of the Colonel or Commanding Officer.

Name of Substitute, &c. For what Parish serving. Name of Woman. Where then residing. Date of Certificate. Commanding Officer by whom granted. Date of Marriage.

a

SCHEDULE (G.)

REGISTER of Declarations made by Militia Men serving in the Regiment [describe the Regiment] and of Certificates granted by the Commanding Officer, to enable their Wives and Families to receive the Allowances granted by Ad 49° GEO. III. Cap.

Name of Declarant. P&rHh for which serving. Name of Wife. Name of their Child or Children under Ten Years. Where reading. Date of Certificate. To whom transioitted. When transmitted.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to empower the Judges to try Civil Causes in their own Counties in England.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, it is among other Things enacted, That no Man of Law shall from thenceforth be Justice of Assizes in his own Country: And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled,

An Act that none shall be Justice of AJJtxe in hit own Country, it is 83 Hen. 8. c. 24. 4 enacted, That no Justice nor other Man learned in the Laws of [SteStat.

this Realm shall use nor exercise the Office of Justice of Assize within any County where the said Justice was born or doth inhabit:

And whereas a Compliance with the aforesaid Provisions has been T&miner.]

attended with very great Inconveniences; for Remedy whereof/ be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with

Any Justice of cither Bench or Baron of the Exchequer, or other Teifon* appointed, may be Justices of Affizo in any County although they i ere l>om Or do nhabit therein

G.D. c.«5.

w G. 3. c. 81.

iC G. 3. C. 39.

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful from Time to Time and at all Timet hereafter, to and for the Chief Justice and Justices of either Bench, and to and for the Chief Baron and other Barons of thfc Court of Exchequer, and to and for any other Person or Persons learned in the Law, who shall be appointed Justice or Justices of Assize in any County or Counties within that Part of Great Britain called England, to ute and txcrcife the Office or Offices of Justice or Justices ot Assize, and to act under »n\*Commission of Niff Puns in any such County or Counties, notwithstanding the y or any of them shall have been born or do inhabit within any such County or Counties; and that they shall not be liable for so doing to any Forfeiture or Penalty whatsoever, any Thing in the said recited Laws, or either of them, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in afiywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for charging the Sum of Eleven Millions, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the Sum of Seven Millions nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, funded pursuant to an Act of this Session of Parliament, upon the Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it inexpedient that a Part of the Loan or Loans raised for the Service of Great Britain for the present Year,

and also the Sum of Seven millions nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, funded pursuant r to an Act of this Session of Parliament, ffioukl be charged upon the feverpl Duties granted to His Majesty durirtg the Continuance

of the present War, and until certain Periods afttr the Ratification - of a Definitive TreU^of Peace* except the Duties granted by aa

Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An 4 A3 for granting to H'u Majesty during the present War. and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property. Professions. Trades,

and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Tear of

His present Majesty* for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the

Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Prfits arising from Property, Profejfiuns, Trades, and Offices % 4 and to cotfolidate and render more rffeftual the Provfions for collecting the said Ditties: And Whereas the several Duties of Excise granted

+to His Majesty by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain; and by another Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.pa. a'17

Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff 5 were-, by an Act passed in the Forty-feveoth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for charging the Sum of Twelve millions. Part of the Doan of 47

4 Twelve millions two hundred thousand Pounds raised fir the Service c*

of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven,

upon the Duties of Customs and Excise granted to His Majesty during toe Continuance of the present IVdr, and fir certain Periods after the

Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and for providing a Sinking Fund for the Redemption of the Stocks or Funds thereby created,

1 farther granted and continued for such further Terra or Terms, and in such Proposition?, after the Expiration of the said Period, as is directed in the said last recited Act: And for making an effectual Fund for defraying the Charge occasioned by such Part or Parts of the said Loan or Loans, and by such Sum of Seven millions nine ' hundred- and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds, as is or are or shall be charged thereon, it is expedient that the said last mentioned Duties should be further granted and continued for such a further limited Term, and in such Propositions and Manner as in this Act is directed; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That the said several Duties of Dotfesof Eatfe Excise shall be, and the same are hereby further granted and con- granted by tinued, and shall be payable to and for the Use of His Majesty, His 43^0-3-c.su Heirs and Succdfors, for such further Term or Terms, and in such"39 6fur^. Propositions, after the Expiration of the said Periods, and in such ^edaeanL Manner as herein after is directed concerning the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That in order to defray the Charge Todefray the occasioned by the Sum of Eleven millions six hundred thousand Chargeocca-Pounds, Part of the Loan of Fourteen millions six hundred thousand fioaedbf Pounds, contracted to be raffed for the Service of the present Year, except the Charge of Eight hundred and ninety-two thousand five 49 g. 3. c. 71-hundred and twenty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine-pence, and the funtfing capital Stock ia reduced Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds of 7, 932, ux>l. per Centum lh respect of Six hundred thousand Pounds raised for the Exchequer Bill* Service of His Royal Highness the P.iice Regent of Portugal; andu2^ere shall also to defray the Charge occasioned by the Sum of Seven millions i/e appropriated nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds in Ex- out of the chequer Bills, funded pursuant to an Act of this Session of Parliament, Produce of the there shall, during the Continuance of the present War, and until Duties gnwtel Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, be ptthe set apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, and appropriated J)ut^ graced to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, quarterly, or otherwise, by 46 G. 3.

as the said Charge may from Time to Time be incurred or become c. 6s.) the

-due out of the Produce of any of the Duties granted to His Majestynnual Sum of

during the Continuance of the present War, and until certain Periods#040#0001-

after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, which may from Time to Time be remaining in the Exchequer, except the Duties granted by an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the

prtjint War9 and until the Sixth Day of Aoril next after the Ratification

of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits ctrifing from Property,

Profejfians#

IT no other IWiiion be made after the War Duties shall cease, the said Duties of Excise stall be further continued for defraying the said amiiial Charge of 1, 040, 0001. until further Provision shall he made.

Powers of recited Acts in relation 'to the Excise Duties extended to this Act.

C. 92; 49° GEO. Iff. A.D. 1809.

ProfrJftons, Trade*, and Office*; and for ref eating an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisonx for cal-letting the said Duties; not with handing any other Appropriation of the said Duties by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, but subject to the Charge created thereon by the said recited Act passed in the Forty*seventh Year of His present Majesty, the clear annual Sum of One million and forty thousand Pounds, which annual Sum shall be deemed an Addition made to the Consolidated Fond of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge oca cafioned by any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, in respect of the said Sums of Eleven millions six hundred thousand Pounds, except the Charge in respect of Six hundred thousand Pounds raised for the Service of the Prince Regent of Portugal. Part of the said Loan of Fourteen millions six hundred thousand Pounds j and also for the Purpose of defraying the annual Charge occasioned by Seven millions nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, funded pursuant to an Act of this Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That if no other Provision shall have been made by Parliament for defraying the annual Charge occasioned by the said Sum of Eleven millions six hundred thousand Pounds, except the Charge in respect of Six hundred thousand Pounds raised for the Service of the Prince Regent of Portugal, and also for defraying the annual Charge occasioned by Seven millions nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills funded as aforesaid, from and after the Ex Diration of the said Period of Six Months from and after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Duties of Excise granted or continued to His Majesty by the above recited Acts, or so much and such Part or Parts or Propositions thereof respectively as shall not previously hare been repealed or discontinued by any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall thenceforth be further continued, and be payable to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and so much thereof as shall amount to the Sum of One million and forty thousand Pounds shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by the said Sums of Eleven millions six hundred thousand Pounds, except the Charge in respect of six hundred thousand Pounds raised for the Service of the Prince Regent aforesaid; and also for the Purpose of defraying the Charge occasioned by Seven millions nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills fu ded as aforesaid, until some other Provision shall be made by Parliament for defraying the said Charges; and in case there shall be any Remainder of the Monica arising by the said Duties, after defraying the said Charges, such Remainder or Surplus shall, until the same shall be discontinued or sperially appropriated by Parliament, be applicable and may be applied to such Uses af, d Purposes as the Monies fcompofing the Consolidated Fund may by Law be applied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained, in relation to the said several

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. ^91, 93, 94*

Duties of Excise thereby respectively granted, find the Drawbacks or Bounties of Excise allowed thereon respectively, shall remain and continue in force, and be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution in"respect of the said several Duties, Drawbacks, and Bounties respectively, or such Parts or Propositions thereof respectively, as shall from Time to Time be continued by virtue of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Ciauses, Powers* Provisions, Directions, Fines, Pains,

Penalties, and Forfeitures were respectively repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Forging o* forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, ut^in6^T^ or shall wilfully aid or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of of

this Act, or alter any Number, Figure* or Word therein, or present Clergy* for Payment, utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged* counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders,

(knowing the same to be forged* counterfeited* or altered,) then and in every such Case all and every such Person and Persons being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies at have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[10th June 1809.]

u Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills, in Manner prescribed by*

M 48 G. 3. c. 1. chargeable on Supplies of 1809, and payable at any " Time on Fourteen Days Notice. §1, 2. But not to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of 49 G* 3. c. 1. in any other Manner 4i than they are authorised by that Act, &c. §3. Interest on such u Exchequer Bills not exceeding 3\d. per Centum per Diem. $4.

" Such Exchequer Bills may, at the Expiration of Four Months after M Date, be taken in Payment of the Revenue. $ 5. Bank of England u authorised to advance 6, 000, 000l. on Credit of this Act. §6.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[10th June 1809.]

Number of Tickets 60, 000. §1. Amount of Prizes at a Rate not " esceeding 10l. per Ticket. §4.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Managers and Directors i/, ft0ftiie shall on each Day of Drawing, as soon as conveniently may be after Tickets of each the said Drawing is.oyer, cause to be printed and published complete Day's Drawing numerical Lifts of all the Tickets, as well Fortunate as Blank, which to be printed, shall be drawn on each Day 5 and if any Contention or.Dispute shall arise in the adjusting the Property of the said Fortunate Tickets, it Onager*? 1 6 shall be wholly in the Judgment of the major Part of the said Managers and Directors to determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: And

319

i*

ato

Penalty on forging Tickets, &c. Felony 'Without Ocrgy.

Perfoiw (haring Tickets, &c. contrary to Licence shall forfeit 1001.

Lottery Office* to be open from Eight till Eight. Penalty SOL

Lottery to be drawn in One Pay, to prerent lnfurances.

C. 94. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

if any Person or Persons shall forge or coouurfdt) 6f ctufe or predurfc to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly act or af&ft in the forging or counterfeiting, any Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this prefect Act, or alter any Number, Figure, Word, or Letter therein, or knowingly utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, any such fslfe, altered, forged, or counterfeited Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, or shall bring any such forged or counterfeited Ticket, Certificate, or Order, or sny such Ticket, Certificate, or Order, the Number whereof, or any Figure, Word, or Letter therein, shall have been altered, (knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered.) to the said Managers and Diredfow, or any of them, or to the Cashier or Cashiers, or Accountant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent Intention; or shall willingly aid, abet, aififi, hire, or command, any Person or Persons to commit any such Offeoce or Offences as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, all and every such Person or Persons being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as m Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: And the said Managers and Di-rectors, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorised, required, and empowered, to cause any Person or Persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeited Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order of Orders, as aforesaid, or aiding, abetting, adfisting, hiring, or commanding, any Person or Persons therein, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate* or to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded agUinft for the said Felony according to Law.

Persona licensed to share Tickets shall deposit 150 Tickets, or " more, as the Commissioners shall direct. §22. 28.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall divide Tickets into Shares, or iffoe Chances without the Authority of such Licence as aforesaid, or in any other House or Place besides that named in the Licence, or in any other Manner contrary to such Licence, or to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, (hah forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it farther enacted, That no Inch Office for Lottery Tickets licensed as aforesaid, shall be open for the Transaction of any Bufinefa under such Licence before the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Morning, nor after the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Evening, except on the Evening preceding the Drawing of any Lottery; and if any such Office or Place shall be wilfully lypfe open in point of Time contrary to this Act, the Person or Persons licensed to keep such Office shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Fifty Pounds.

XL. And Whereas it is expedient for the more effectual Prevention of Inforances and1 other illegal Pradliecs in Lotteries, that each Lottery should be drawn in One Day Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury (or the Time being, to order and direct that each or any of the said

ottcrict

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C>p4>9$#

Lotteries shall be drawn in One Day, and to make such Regulations as to the preparing of any Books, and the Mode of numbering and marking of any Tickets, and also as to the Number of Tickets in any such Lottery, and the Forms and Numbers of Chances of Tickets in any such Lottery, and as to the Proposition of such Tickets to be drawn for the Purpose of ascertaining the Fortunate Tickets, and the Mode of drawing the same, and as to all other Matters and Things necessary for drawing each or any of such Lottery in One Day, as shall appear to them to be expedient and proper for carrying into execution the furposes aforesaid, and all such Rules, Regulations, Matters, and Things so made, and which dudl be published in the Gazette Two Months at least before the drawing of any such Lottery, shall be at good, valid, and effectual, as if the same were enacted in this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons CounterfeUiag shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly ad or afllft in the forging or counterfeiting, witho, lT

any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances, or any Agreement or Agree?- meats, for any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances <respectively, of any Ticket or Tickets in any Lottery to be drawn in pursuance of this Act; or alter any Number, Figure, Word, Letter, or Stamp, therein or thereon; or shall knowingly utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Share or Shares, Chance or Chaaces, or Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares,

Chance or Chances of any Ticket or Tickets, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, then, and in every such Case, all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted,

shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer as a Felon.

u Last Lottery under 48 G. 3. c. 139. may be drawn in One Day* under Direction of the Treasury. §6r.

\In all other Particulars this Act is frecifelyJimilar to 47 <?. 3.^. 2. c. 9. mutatis mutandu.]

CAP. XCV.

An Act for further regulating the Constitution of the Board of Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making more 46 G. 3. c. 141* effectual Provision for the moreffetdy and regular Examination and Audit ' of the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom, His Majesty was empowered §2.

to nominate and appoint such Number of Perfooa (including therein 'the Persons who should at that Time hold the Situation of Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts) as should make the*Number of such Commissioners amount to Ten in the whole, who*should thenceforth be the Commissioners for auditing the Publick*Accounts of this Kingdom5 and the Commissioners of the Treasury § j#

were empowered to subdivide the General Board of the said Ten 1 Commissioners into such and so many Boards as te them should seem*expedient; and it was enacted, that any Thing directed to be done $7.

' by the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, or by any of the Boards into which the said Commissioners might be 1 divided, may be dyne by the Majority of the said Commissioners, or

'by

an 'C. 95>9<J. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

by the Majority of any of the said Boards respectively: And whereat

in pursuance of the said recited Act Ten Commissioners were duly

appointed, but Doubts hare anfm what Number of Commissioners shall be reqnifite to constitute a General Board.of Commissioners, and also whether the Majority required by the said recited Act for doing any Thing directed to be done by the said Commissioners muffc be a Majority of Commissioners actually present at a Grne-al Board,

or the Majority of the whole Number of Ten Commissioners; Be it therefore enacted and declared by the King'd most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

F.re Com-nd tyr the Authority of the same, That any Five of the said Commissionws Ml missioners shall constitute a General Board, and shall have Power to do conftWte a any Act, Matter, or Thing, which may be done by the Commissioners General Board, by virtue of the said recited Act.

Majority of

II. And be it further enacted, That any Thing which is, under

General Board the Authority of the said recited Act, or the Acts therein referred present may aft. directed to be done by the said Commissioners, may be done by the Majority of the Commissioners actually present at any such General Board, at which got left than Five Members (had be present as aforesaid.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to provide for a durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers of Excise, under certain Restrictions.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS no Provision whatever is made by the Laws now in force for superannuated and worn-out Officers, and other Persons employed in the Revenue of Excise, to the great Discouragement of such Officers and other Persons, and the manifest Injury of the Revenue; for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Treasury Parliament assembled, ' and by the Authority of the same, That from

empowered to and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for grant Annuities the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty*8 Treasury, or any Three^or out of the Excise more of them for the Time being, by Warrant under their Hands, Officers fa " to £rant and allow out of the Revenue of Excise of England\ to any innuated/ - Officer or other Person who shall have been employed in the said Revenue fer and during the Space of Ten Years at the least, and who shall by Age or Infirmity have become incapable of properly executing or performing the Duties of his Office, a Pension, Annuity, or yearly Payment not exceeding Three-fourth Parts of the Average annual Amount of the Salary which shall have been received by such Officer or other Person during the wholfc Period of Seven Years preceding the Resignation of such Officer or other Person.

And also

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and

Pensions to may be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Officers faffenng Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, to grant jrTlTxecution d aH°w out of said Revenue of Excise to any such Officer or mieir Duty. other Person as aforesaid, who, by Accident met with in the Exccu* tion of his Duty, shall be rendered totally incapable of performing the same, noumhstanding such Officer or other Person may not have

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.$d. S23

been employed in the Revenue of Excise the full Time before meti* tioned, a Pension, Annuity, or yearly Payment not exceeding Three-fourth Parts of the annual Amount of the yearly" Salary actually received by or payable to such Officer or other Person, at the Time when such Officer or other Person shall have met with the Accident by which he shall have been so rendered incapable of executing or performing his Duty: Provided alfor that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to authorize or empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to grant or allow any Pension, Annuity, or yearly Payment out of the Revenue of Excise, to any Officer or other Person whatever, except such Officer or other Person only who shall at the Time of his Resigna-tion have been in the fair and bond side Receipt, payable out of the said Revenue of Excise, of at lead One hundred and eighty Pounds per Annum, nor in the Case of any Person under the Rank of a Commissioner, until it shall have been certified to the said Lords Commissioners, under the Hands of the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time being, that such Officer or other Person claiming or soliciting any such Pension, Annuity, or yearly Payment as aforesaid, is from Age or Infirmity become incapable of properly executing or performing the Duty of such his Office or Station, and that he has been employed in the Service of the said Revenue at lead Seven Years, and what yearly Salary such Officer or other Person shall have received for and during the preceding Seven Years, and that such Officer or other Person had, during his Employment, supported the Character of having faithfully discharged the Duties of his Office or Station, or; in case of Accident as aforesaid, that such Officer or other Person has been by such Accident rendered totally unable to execute or perform the Duty of such his O0ice or Station 5 any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas, for the Relief and Support of the inferior ' Officers of Excise when superannuated or worn-out, certain De-

ductions have been for many Years lad pad, and are now made under ' the Directions and Authority of Warrants of the Lords Commis-i fioners of His Majesty's Treasury, out of the Salaries of Officers and other Persons employed in the Revenue of Excise: And whereas the Commissioners of Excise^ to whom the Money arising by such

Deductions is entruded, are prevented from making the greatest

Advantage thereof, for want of a Power to ved in some of the joint i Stocks of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England; such Pact thereof as may not be immediately required to be expended Be it* therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Forlmprove-Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time raent of Super-being, to ved in the Purchase of any Share or Shares of any of the

joint Stocks of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England. any blished Coin-Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be colie&ed, mifliot.ers of granted, or appropriated for the Relief and Support of such super- Kxcifc may gnnuated or worn-out inferior Officers of Excise as aforesaid, and that invest Money in all and every the Share and Shares of any of the joint Stocks of Jy n^s* TcTe Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, which shall from Time m en*c* to Time be so bought and purchased by the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time being as aforesaid, shall be transferred to the Account and kept in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ as the Share and Shares

22^'9^97*9^' 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1

Shares of and in such joint Slocks respectively, of u the Trustees of the Fund, for the Relief and Support of superannuated or worn-out inferior Officers of Excise and that the Two Commissioners of Excise for the Time being who shall be appointed by Warrant under His Majesty's Sign Manual to preside at all Meetings of the Board of Excise, and the Secretary to the said Board for the Time being, shall have the foie Management, Disposal, Sale, and Transfer of all the said Share and Shares of the said joint Stocks of Annuities so entered and kept in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as aforesaid, and any One or either of them shall from Time to Time receive and give Receipts for all Dividends arising therefrom: Provided always, that previous to any such Two Commissioners and Secretary 6rft acting in such Management, Disposal, Sale, or Transfer, or in the Receipt of such Dividends, and also upon every new Appointment in consequence of the Death* Resignation, or Removal of all or any of them* a Warrant shall for tbst Purpose be granted to such Two Commissioners and Secretary for the Time being by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them, and produced to and depohted with the proper Officers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as the Authority for such Management, Disposal, Sale, or Transfer, or the Receipt of such Dividends.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for empowering the Board of Ordnance to exchange Lands at Purfleet in the County of Essex, for other Lands in the said Parish.

[10th June 1809.]

His Majesty empowered (in consequence of any Agreement by " the Matter-General of the Ordnance) to exchange any Piece of of Land now vetted in him at Purjleet for any other Piece of Land* there. § i. Money necessary to be paid for equalising such Ex-M change may be paid by Order of said Matter-General, out of any u Monies applicable to the Ordnance Service. §4, 5.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the S3 6, 8. s.68.*Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof 5 the Duties of Customs were IQmplitied and consolidated: And whereas many new and additional Duties of Customs have been from Time to Time granted since the patting of the said Act, and which for the better ascertaining the annual Produce and Appropriation thereof have been kept distinct and carried to separate Accounts, both in the Receipt thereof and in His Majesty's Exchequer, and the Computation of the Duties of Customs has thereby again become complicated and intricate: And Whereas it is expedient for the affording Facility and Accommodation to mercantile Transactions, that the several Duties of Customs now payable, (except

as is hereia-after provided, } should be again confdictated: And

A.D. 18^9.

49° Geo. III.

C. 98.2$

whereas it is necessary for carrying into Execution the Purposes aforesaid, that all such Duties (except as in this Act mentioned)

shall ctafe and determine, and that other Duties of Customs should be granted in lieu thereof: And Whereas it will greatly Amplify the keeping the publick Accounts of the Revenue of Custcra9, if the Duties were received and accounted for annually in Two Sums only,

the one being the Produce and Amount of the Revenue of Customs granted to His Majesty as permanent Additions to the Revenue, and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and the other being the Produce and Amount of tht Duties of Customs and Tonnage granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance of the present War, and until certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and to be so carried to account in the Exchequer 4 (except as herein after is provided) j and that separate Accounts for Ten Years from the respective Periods at which any of the said Duties were granted, should no longer be kept, but that in lieu thereof, Accounts should be laid before Parliament for such respective*Periods as aforesaid, of the Produce of such Duties as far as the same can be ascertained: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice^and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth From 5 July Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, all and singular 1809.

the Subsidies, Customs, Impositions, or Duties whatever, (respecting the Revenue of Customs) payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue- Drawback* cessors, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on or taUceafr* immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, upon the Importation or Exportation respectively, # of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, into or from Great Britain, or upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being brought or carried coastwise, from one Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place within the same, (except as in this Act mentioned,) or upon any Ship or Vessel according to the Tcnnage thereof, entering or clearing OuUvards or Inwards at any Port within Great Britain, and the several and respective Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from Great Britain; and also all the additional Impods or Duties charged upon the Product and Amount of the said several Duties of Customs, shall cease and determine; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing Except as to' or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may on the said Fifth Arrau*, &e. Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine: Provided always, that Duties of nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or anywise alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baillage, London or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty continued* and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within Great Britain, or any other special Privilege or Exemption, to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, is or are now enuded by Law, but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

49° GEO. III.

Q-

II. An4

zi6

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

From July 5, 1SJ9, Duties and Drawbacks in annexed Schedule and Tsil; lea shall be levied, and allowed in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks.

Duties payable by Weight, &c. shall be paid in proposition.

Tonnage Duties on Vessels to or from Foreign Farts shall be paid each Voyage, according to their Register under

26 G. 3. c. 60.

All Acts relative to the Revenue of Customs shall be applied in Execution of Shis Act,

II. And Whereas it is necessary that other Duties of Customs

should be granted to Your Majesty in lieu of the Duties repealed by this Act; we Your Majesty*8 most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, hare therefore given and granted to Your Majesty the several Duties of Customs htrein-mfter mentioned, and do ' humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted \9 and be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of jluly One thousand eight hundred and nine, in lieu and (lead of the Subsidits and Duties of Customs hereby made to cease and determine, there shall be raise-i, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, Hia Heirs and Successors, in ready Money (except as herein after is provided) without any Discount whatever, upon Goods, Ware?, or Merchandize imported and brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Sea?, and upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Great Britain, and upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize brought or carried Coattwife from One Pott or Place in Great Britain to any othet Port or Place within the same, and upon Ships or VefltD, according to the Tonnage thereof, entering Outwards or Inwards at any Port within Great Britain, the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A.B. C. ard D.; and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Customs, as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule and Tables marked A. and B.; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted and impose d by this Act, and made payable according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Measure, or Value of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize charged with such Duties, shall b.* charged and payable upon any greater or lefa Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value thereof than the Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value particularly inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed marked A.B. and C. in proposition to the actual Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Ton-, nage hereby imposed on Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, shall be paid to the proper Officer appointed to receive the same on the Entry Outwards, and within

- Fourteen Days after the Report Inwards, each and every Voyage any such Ship or Vessel shall so enter Outwards or report Inwards at any Port within Great Britain, and th^t the Tonnage of every such Ship or Vessel, being British*built or British-owntd, shall be computed and taken according to the Register thereof, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, and that the Tonnage of every other Ship or Vessel, in case of any Doubt or Dispute relative thereto, shall be ascertained by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner prescribed and directed by the said Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the Fifth Day-of 7uly One thousand eight hundred and nine, by which any Rules, Regulations Conditions,

6 - or

A.D. 1869. 49° GEO. III. C. 98.

or Restrictions were made, established, or directed, for the ascertaining the Value of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for the remitting or allowing of any Deduction of any Duties on account of Damage, or for the better securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the regular ImpQrtation into or Exportation from Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying Coast wife, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, or the entering, landing, or shipping of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, except where any Alteration is expressly made by, this Act, and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things relating thereto, shall, and are hereby declared to be ard remain in full Force, and Effect, and shall be applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution as fully and tfftftually as if they had been repeated and re enacted in this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs by, Continuance of this Act imposed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on Ships Temporary or and Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof, and which are parti- War Dunes Six cularly described and set forth in Figures in the Schedule and Tables R^fication^fa hereunto annexed, marked A.B. C* and D. under the Title and De- Treaty of Peace, feription of Temporary or War Duties, shall continue in Force during'

the Continuance of the present War, and fot'Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by this Continuance of Act upon the Importation of Sugar, and inserted, described, and set Duties on Sugar forth in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A.B. 25, f*18i^ and C. shall continue and be in Force until the Twenty-fifth Day of ^umler*6 ^' March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and no longer; and 49G. c. 1. shall be appropriated, applied, and accounted for, according to- the

Provisions of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt,

Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, and on PenJionsy Offices, and Personal Efates in YLng\&n6, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, and that a separate Account of such Duties shall be kept at the Custom House distinct and apart from all other Duties of Customs, and the same shall be paid into the Exchequer pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act, as to the Duties by the said Act granted on Sugar.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear by When Average

Notice in the London Gazette, in Manner directed by an Act passed in Trice of Brow* the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, or Muscovado An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and for Six- 49*433. ^47*. Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive perCwt. is. 2s. Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Mer or 3s. of the War chandize, imported into and exported from, or brought or carried Coaf<wife' Buty may be within Great Britain, that the Average Price ot Brown or Muscovado G8*

Sugar, taken in Manner directed by the said recited Act for Four $10.32£*3* Months preceding the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of May, c. 43* there and the Fifth Day of September respectively in every Year, shall be referred to; anti below Forty-nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, then and in such Case alf° 49 3*

it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lo$ds Comraif-. ct 43*1 sioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, and they are hereby authorised to suspend, until a, new Average according to the said recited Act shall be published, the Sum of One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Temporary or War Duty on Sugar by this Act granted \ And if such Average

ia8 C. 98. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 18»9

Saving for the lVovision* of U rtion aa», &c. between I heat Britain and Ireland, respcfling Duties on Goods imported or e»pcned.

Price shall be below Forty.eight Shillings, then Two Shillings of the said Duty; and if such Average Price shall be below Forty-seven Shillings, then Three Shillings nf such Duty; and to continue froni Time to Time, if the Case shall so require, according to the Averages published as afortfard.

IX. Provided a ways, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or alter rn.y of the Provisions contained in Two Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland\ the one made in the Parliament, of Great Britain in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Acts in Force on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, by which'any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, or any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from Great Britain to Ireland, are respectively made to remain liable to, or are charged with or exempted from any Duties of Costoms, whether countervailing or others, or by which any Drawbacks or Bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

" Ad shall not repeal or affect Tonnage Duties under the London Port " Ad, 39 G. 3. c. lxix.: or the Quarantine Ad 45 G. 3. c. ro. — §10.

shall net

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this afTra Duties Ad contained shall extend or be con ft rued to extend to or in any way uudef to affect, alter, vary, or repeal any of the Duties granted by or any of

48 0.3. t. 26. Provisions contained in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Duties of Customs on the Goodst Wares., or Merchandize, therein enumerated, in Furtherance of the Provisions of jeer* tain Orders in Council; or in an Act passed in the same Sefficto of Par-48 6.3. c. 35. liaraent, intituled An Act for imposing. until the End of the next Session of Parliament, a Duty on Cotton Wool, the Growth of the British Colonies, exported from Great Britain 5 or the Provisions contained in 48 G.a. c. 37. another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for making valid certain Orders in Council, and Warrants of the commissioners of the Treasury. for the Entry and Warehousing of certain Goods imported in Neutral Vessels and for indemnifying all Persons concerned therein; for the remitting of Forfeitures in certain Cases 5 and for cncdfiing His Majesty to allow, during the Continuance of Hojlilides, and until Twq Months after the Commencement of the \iext Session of Parliament, the Importation of Goods from Countries from which the British Flag is ex-eluded, in any Vessels whatever, or in an Act passed in the same Session $sG. 3. c. 71- of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend so much of Two Acts of this Session of Pari'ament, for carry ing into Execution certain Orders in Council, as relates to the Duties on Goods exported from the Warehouses in which they have been secured on Importation, and on certain Prize Goods imported into Great Britain or Ireland.

M Ad shall not affect Duties under 45 G. 3. c. 10. $ 12. See §10.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Fish of every Kind or Sort whatever of British taking and curing, caught. Or taken in any Part of the Ocean by the Crews of any Ships or Vessels built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Iffandg of Jersey % Gncmfey % or Man,

r.fli of iwtifli fftking and curing may he imported In BritHW Ships Duty free.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.y8. ity

+or in any of the Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories which now belong, or at the Time of building such Ships or Vessels did

belong, or which m^y hereafter belong to or be in the Possession of

+His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and wholly belonging to and owned by His Majesty's Subjects, and navigated and registered according to Law, shall and may be imported into Great Britain in Ships built, owned, navigated, and registered as aforesaid, without payment of any Duty of Customs whatever; any Thing in this Act or any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that before such Fish shall be adnvtted to Oath onEutr^.

Entry, the Master or other Person having the Command of the Ship

or VtjTel in which such Fish shall be imported, shall make Oath before

the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port of

Importation (who is hereby authorised and required to administtr i

such Oath) That such Fish was actually caught, taken, and cured

wholly by His Majest's Subjects.

XIV. Provided also, and be'it further enacted, That nothing in this l&eroptions

Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge with J[oni Ao"ntSc the Duty of Tonnage by this Act imposed, any Ship or Vessel Vessel^Veflys employed in the Fisheries on the Coast of Great Britain, and not iR &c.* entering outwards for Foreign Parts, or to charge the said Tonnage

puty on any British built Ship or Vessel owned by British Subjects,

which is not required to be registered by any Act or Acts of Parliament

in Force, on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, or on any Ship or Vessel whatsoever.

which shall enter Outwards or Inwards in Ballad only: Provided Saving for Draw J

always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed backs allowed to

to extend, to repeal or-discontinue any Drawback of the Dupks 6f

Customs on any Sort of Wine intended for the Use of Admirals,

Captains, and other Commissioned Officers serving in any of His the Use 0$ Majesty^ Ships of War by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on Seamen., or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, or to prevent Tobacco for the Use and Consump-tion of the Crew of any Ship of War in actual Service, being removed for that Purpose from the Warehouse in which it may have been deposited without Payment of any Doty of Customs, in Cases wherein Tobacco might have been so removed by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine: Provided always, that all the Conditions. Regulations, and Restrictions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, relating respectivelr to any such Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs, or to any such Tobacco respectively, shall be duly observed and enforced in relation thereto.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Daties ftnJl aet shall extend or be construed to extend, to compel the Proprietor or be payable on Proprietors of Goods, Warts, or Merchandize, to pay the Duties upon the Importation or Landing thereof, in Cases in which such J^whe*1* Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, might on or immediately before the warehouW* said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, have been at the R-quell of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, lodged and secured in Warehouses, or in any Places approved of for that Purpose, by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His QjJ Majesty's

t)utie» under this Act shall be paid on taking out Goods allowed to be delivered for Home Consumption; having been warehoused before 5 July aao9.

1

t;. fWj.: o

Goodslmpotted By the Edt1 ! India Gorrt party and warehoused under 39 G. 3. c. 39. and Prize Goods warehoused under 43 G. 3. c. J34. fraudulently removed, shall be forfeited.

C. 98. 4p° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

M^fty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them,

pr by the Commissioners of the Customs in England\ or any Four or koore of them, or the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland\ or any Three or more of them, under the Provisions of any Act or A 6b of Parliament in force, on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, during the Continuance of any such Act or Acts respectively: Provided also, that in case the Imp orter or Proprietor of any Goods, Warts, and Merchandize which shall have been lodged in Warthouses or otherwise secured, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on or immediately before {he said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and on which the Duties due on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, shall be desirous of taking any such Goods out of such Warehouse, or from any P ace wherein fectired for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain* then and in such Case, the Duties imposed by this Act shall be payable thereon, except as herein after is provided, notwithstanding such Goods may have been imported into Great Britain, and warehoused before the said Fifth Day of July Dne thousand eight hi^dred, and nine: Provided also, that nothing fcerein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend, to permit any Goods to be delivered from such Warehouse or Place, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain unless such Goods could have fieen {awfully so delivered, {0 be used or consumed before the said Fifth D*y of Jply One thousand eight hundred and nine.

Duty under 43 G* 3. c. 70; made payable by 43 G. 3. c. 132. §22. 4i on Warehoused Goods, shall not be paid on such Goods, though* watrehoused before 5th July 1809. §16.

XVII. be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies, to be ware* housedt and for repealing the Duties now payable thereony and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, or of any Goods, Warts, or Merchandize £ajgen and condemned as Prize, and warehoused or other wile fecuied tinker the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prixes with respe3 to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain during Hostilities, shall be embezzled or fraudulently or clandestinely hid or concealed in, or fraudulently or clandtftinely removed from or out of any Warehouse pr Place wherein the same shall faave been so lodged or secured, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so embezzled or fraudulently or clandestinely hid or concealed or removed, together with the Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or of Excise in Cases where that Revenue is concerned, and the Person or Persons so embezzling, hiding, concealing, or removing the same, or aiding or assisting the rein, or to whose finds the same shall knowingly come, shall be ftibje& and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as if such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize had been fraudulently uashipped or landed without Payment of Duty.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.pfc. 331

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where by the T\able Value of East hereunto annexed, marked (B.), the Duties of Customs hereby irrt- I»^»a Goods posed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported by the United ^0^0v flail* Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies afe u-afeeruinrd by charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but the grols Price at according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be ascertained by the dfeirSalos.

[&e Grofy Price at which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be sold at the Publick Sales of the said Company, and the said Duties 1

shall be paid thereon accordingly as the same are inserted, described,

and set forth in Figures in the said Table marked (B.).

4' Duties under this Act shall be payable on Goods imported by the East India Company remaining in Warehouse unfold after^th Ju(y

(i 1809, though imported before. §19. No Pepper sold at the India*

" Company's Sales after June 1, 1804, shall be taken out of Ware-'lt house till the Duty under this Act be'paid. §20.* J

" XXL 4 And whereas by this Act Duties of Customs are payable'on certain Articles according to the true and real Value thereof, to ' be ascertained by the Gross Price at which such Goods shall hare

been publickly sold at the Sales of the United Company of Mef- chants of England trading to the East Indus: And whereas raiieh

4 Inconvenience and Delay hath arisen in the Payment of the Duties.

and Delivery of Articles brought from the East Indies, cither as ' Presents or for private Use, particularly Specimens of Natural Hiftoay, Models, Drawings, and other Articles tending to iliustrate or improve the Arts or Sciences, arising from the Necessity of such Articles being exposed to Publick Sale by the East India Company,

in order to ascertain the Value^accord»ng to which the Duties payable by Law are to be levied and collected, and inch Articles ' -are also thereby frequently exposed to great Injury and Damage

4 And whereas it is expedient in order to remedy such Inconvenience

and "Delay, that the Duties of Customs payable on such Gdods 4 (hobId be ascertained without the same being in future exposed to

4 Publick Sale; Be it therefore enacted, That tromVnd after the Fifth Persons bringing Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, it shall and may Gopd», from the be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall import, or bring into h^us of the East Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters Tra^e. 3

granted to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to Presenta, or for the East Indies any of the Articles before-mentioned, or any Articles private Use, may whatever (not being prohibited to be uf*d or consumed in Great enter Britain), on which the Duties of Customs are now chargeable according ^cVaJuafballbo to the Value thereof, either as Ptefents or for privateUsev and not by De^ratioa aMa way of Merchandize, to enter the same with the proper Officers of His case of Good* no Majesty's Customs, such Good* having been first lodged and housed in imported by the Warehousts according to Law, and that the Value of such Goods Company, according to whifti the Duties of Customs are due and payable, shall be ascertained according to the Declaration of the Value thereof, to be made by the Owner or Proprietor, or his known Agent, in the like Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures and'

Penalties a* are prdcribed, directed, and imposed, with respect to Goods not imported by the East India Company, and on which the Duties Of Customs rte payable according to the Value thereof.

Qjf Goods

After the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, East India Company may fell for HomeConsump-tion or Exportation India Silk Handkerchiefs subject to Duties |»der this Act*

Limitation of the Quantity for Three Years.

Like Bounty shall be allowed on Exportation of Sugar, if refined from Sugar imported by the East India Company as if from British Plantation fiugar.

Where Goods are chargeable according to the Value, it frail be considered on Importation as at the Port of importation, which frail be

C. 98. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

u Goods for private Use. &c. on which Duties have not been paid, " may be entered, and Value ascertaitied, although imported before €t July 5, 18095 Proof being given that they were for private

V Use. §22.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Termination of the War by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may.be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to expose to Sale either for the Purpose of being worn or used in Great Britain, or for Exportation, any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or the East Indies, that shall have been or may thereafter be secured in the Warehouses of the said United Company, subject nevertheless to the Duties by this Act imposed, or which may hereafter be imposed thereon; and all such S lk Handkerchiefs on which such Duties shall have been duly paid, shall and may be worn or used in Great Britain, or fold or exposed to Sale therein, and shall not be subject to Seizure or Forfeiture, nor shall the Person or Persons who shall wear or use the same, or who shall sell or expose to Sale the same, or have the same in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, be liable to any Penalty or Penalties, or Fine or Fmes whatever on account thereof dny Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for the Space of Three Years from and after the said Ratification, the said United Company shall not, in any One Year, sell or expose to Sale a

freater Quantity of such Silk Handkerchiefs than Fifty thousand 'icces, awT that such Fifty thousand Pieces shall be of the usual Length, and of the Sorts that shall have been usually exposed to Sale.

XXV. And Whereas certain Bounties are allowed on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, produced from Raw Sugar imported from the British Plantations in America: And Whereas it is expedient that the like Bounties should be allowed on the Exportation of Refined Sugar produced from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Filth Day of July Oit thousand eight hundred and nine, there shall he paid and allowed on the Exportation of Refined Sugar produced from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, t e like Bounty as is now or hereafter may be allowed by Law on the Exportation of the hke Sort or Description of Refined Sugar, produced from Raw Sugar imported from the British Plantations in America, subjtd in every Resp d to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Rcilrid'ons, Penalties, and Forfeitures, now by Law practised and applied with resptd to the Bounty allowed on the Exp< nation of Refined Sugar.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into Great Britain, arc charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, hut according to the Value thereof, luck Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Importation, without any Abatement or Deduction whatever, except of io much as the Duties payable on the Importation thereof by t&s

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 98.

Ad shall amount to* and that such Value shall be ascertained (except as in this Act is provided) by the Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so imported, or of his known Agent or Factor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules and Regulations, and subjrd to the Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed, and imDofed for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the fevetul Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties com* posing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods % Wares, and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom: and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives to the Reduftwn of the National Debt, and in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every Refpvd in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act;

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, by the Schedule annexed marked A. the Duties of Customs by this Act infc-posed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Britain, and charged, not' According to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Meafore, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Exportation. without any Dcdudion or Abatement whatever, except of so much as the Duties of Customs paid or payable thereon at the Time of the Entry of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall amount to, and that such Value shall be ascertain d (except as in this Act is provided) by the Decoration of the ^Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Factor, in the; Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subjrdto theriame Forfeitures and Penalties as are prtforibed, dirtded, and imposed far'ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid according to thd Value thereof, by the said recited Act passed irr the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present 'May? fly; and in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it (had be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the same to be detained, and the said Good?, Wares, or Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every Resped except as herein after ia provided, in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case an) Goods, Wares, or Merchandize^ Tabjed to Duty on Exportation by this Act, according to the Value thereof, shall on Examination by the proper Officer's of the Cufstoms, be found to be under-valued, and shall on that Accoucf? be detained, the Exporter or Proprietor shall in fitch Case be paid the Value of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

*33

ascertained according to 27 G.O. c. 13.

§ 17, 18. and if not truly rained they maybe detained; [See $ 18. 21, 22.08 to East India Good*.]

On Exportation the Value shall be considered as at the Port of Exportation, &c» asunder 27 o. 3. c. 13.

§ 19.

In case Goods be undervalued the Exporter shall be paid according to the Declaration made on Entry, and the Goods detained.

C. 9&

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1^09.

3f on making Entry of British Goods for Exportation the real Value cannot he ascertainetl,

Oatliof the FaA, and Bond being given for the Duties, &c.

chandize, according to the Declaration made the Entry thereof for Exportation, together with the Amount 4f the Ctrfloros paid thereoo, at the Time of the Entry thereof, without any further Allowance whatever; any Thing in the said recited Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, or in any o'her Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof not with landing.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if at the Time of making the Entry for the Exportation of any Goods, Warts, or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Man u fa ft ore of Great Britain, on which the Duties of Customs by this Act granted, are charged in the Schedule

__________ hereunto annexed marked (A.), according to the Value thereof, the

Importation may Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, be jK-rmitted on fG entered for Exportation, his known A^ent or Factor shall not be able to ascertain the true and real Value thereof, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, to permit such Exporter or Proprietor, Agent or Factor, to (h»p or export such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon making Oath that such real Value cannot be ascertained, and upon Bond being given either by the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Warrs, or Merchandize, or by the known Agent or Factor of such Exporter or Proprietor, to His Majesty, His Heirs and £ncc» fibre, with one fttf-ftcieot Surety in Treble the Amount of the supposed or estimated»Duty on the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, conditioned for the Payment of the Duties hereby imposed, withio Three MoKths, Jtnd according to the true and real Value thereof, and for producing the Invoice and Bills of Pareels, or such other Documents as fhzil rbe required by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, in case the Production thereof shall be thought necessary by such Officers of the Customs, for the Purpose of ascertaining the true and real Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so exported as aforesaid.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon wthe Exportation of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of which the real Value cannot be ascertained, and in Cases where the Duties are allowed to be fecored by Bond as aforesaid, the Name of the actual and real Exporter, whether such Exporter shall be the Proprietor or the Agent or Fast re of the Proprietor, shall be declared in the Entry, together with the Name of the Agent or Factor making the Entry, and giving futh. Bond, and the Decoration of the Value of such Goods, Wares, and > Merchandize, according to which the Duties shall be ascertained and paid, and the Bond cancelled, shall in all such Cases be signed by such actual and real Exporter, and not by any Clerk, Agent, or Broker, of such Exporter.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Exporter of any Value for making such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, entered for Exportation, shall a fklfe Dedara- knowingly and fraudulently make any false Declaration of the Value of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, after the same shall have been allowed to be shipped for Exportation, every such Exporter shall for every such Offence forfeit a-Sum equal to the true and real Value of all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That m case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize upon which Duties of Customs are hereby

imposed, shall be detained by any Officer of th? Customs on account

valued, "to the same not being valued according to tht true and real Value

thereof.

The Entry shall state whether the Exporter is Proprietor or Ageut, &c.

Penalty of tree

turn.

Commissionears of the Customs may direct Goods

49 GEO. III. C. 98. 235

thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, be delivered, 81c. it, shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's on Proof that Customs in England, for the Time being, or any Four or more of th$m* !10 w" and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland for the inteu e

Time being, or any Three or more or them, upon Proof being made

to their Satisbdion that no Fraud was intended, to dirtdthe Goods

to be. delivered, and the Entry to be amended, upon such Terms and

Conditions aa under, the Circumstances of the Case shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Custoro3 in England and Scotland respectively to be reasonable* and as they shall think tit to dirid; Provided Proprietor shall

always, that if the Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor of such Goods, not have

Wares, or Merchandize, shall accept the Terms or Conditions prey Swages.

scribed by the said Commissioners of the Customs respectively, such

Importer, ..JExporter, or Proprietor shall jiot have or be entitled

to any Recompence or Damage, on account of the Detention of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the same; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Recital of 45 G. 3. c. 156 for enabling the Treasury to purchase " the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines; and 46 G. 3. c. 79. confirmingf an Agreement for purchase thereof in' certain Ports from the* Duke of Grafton.*All Monies on account of Prisage and Butlerage' of Wine received since July 5, 1806, shall be paid over to the

Colicdor of the! Customs .^33. Produce of Composition for

Prisage received since 3 July 1806, shall be paid in like Manner. §34*

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth After 5 July thy of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, no Wine of any 5 809, no Wtoe Sptt shall be admitted to Entry for Prisage either in the Port of shall be admitted London pr either of those Ports in England where the Right of Prisage jjss been so purchased as aforesaid, but that Wine imported into Prisage; but London* or either of the said Ports, shall from and after the said Fifth shall pay Duties Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, be subject and of regular liable to the Duties of Customs, and no other, as in Cases ot regular toportatio*. Importation, as tlyr same are described and set forth in Figures in the Schedule to ttys Ad annexed, marked (A).-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth After 5 tuly Day of Jufy One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Duty called 1809> Butlerage Butlerage, «snd the Money formerly received by any or either of the cea*e*

Deputies the said Duke of Grafton* or any other Person for him or them under the Denomination of Composition, shall cease, determine, and he no longer due §od payable.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That before any Blubber, Or Entry of Train Oil, or Spermaceti Oil* or Head Matter, or Whale Fins, im- Blubberand Oil, ported into Great Britain, as being the Produce of Fish, or Creatures &e. as imported living in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of a British-built in British Ship* Ship or VtfTcI wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects, usually residing in Crept Britain* Ireland, or the Islands of Gdernfey, Jersey, Oath shall be*Alderney, Sark, ox Man* registered and navigated according to L*w, made of the Hull he admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty by this Act Fa&s, &c. imposed on such Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fins refmdively when imported in such Shipping, th*

Mailer or other Perkm having or taking the Charge or Command of

the

536

C.p8.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Ofr Entry of Hhtbber and Oil, &c. as of the British^Fishery of Newfoundland, &c. the Master Dial I produce a Certificate from the Officer of CuttOins, See. at the Port in the Colony, and make Oath of the Facte, Sccr

the Ship or Vessel in or on board of which the said Articles shall be imported, shall make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port in Great Britain into which the same shall be imported, who ia hereby authorised and required to administer the same, that the same was or were bona Jide the Produce of F»fh or Creatures living in the Sea, actually taken and caught by the Crew of any such Ship or Vessel 5 and the Importer, or Proprietor, or Consignee of such Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, or Whale pms, shall also make Oath before the Collt&or or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, (who are hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath,) at the Time of the Entry, that to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief the Articles f> imported were bondjfofrthe Produce of Fdb, or Creatures living in the Sea, actually taken and caught by the Crew of a Briti/I>b\x\\l Ship or Vessel, wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects niually residing in Great Britain, Ireland> or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, registered and navigated according to Laws on Failure whereof the said Articles shall be deemed and taken to be of Foreign Fdhing, and charged with the Duty imposed by this Act on such Articles of Foreign Fishery.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That before any Blubber, Train Oil, or Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fms, imported into Great Britain as being taken and caught on the Banks and Shore* of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subj«£k* carrying on such Fishery from that Istand, and residing the rein, or as being actually taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subject* usually residing in any British Colony cr Plantation in North AmericOt or usually residing in any other-British Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, shall be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty by this Act imposed on such Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fms respectively, when imported in a Britishm built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, fh !l produce and deliver to the Colleger or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place in the Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement where the Articles shall have been taken on board; or if no such Officer shall be residing the re, then a Certificate shall be produced under the Hand and Seal of the Governor, or in his Absence under the Hand and Seal of the Deputy-Governor, of such Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, teflifying that Oath had been made before him (who is hereby authorised and required in such Case to administer the l3me, and to grant such Certificate) by the Master of the Ship from which the Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fms mentioned in such Certificate, had been landed in such Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement 5 that the same was or were really and bond fde the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sr a, a ft 11 ally caught and taken wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery, and usually residing in such Colony, Plantation* Territory, or Settlement; and the Master or other Person having'or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which the Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fine

337

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C/98/

shall be fd imported into Great Britain, shall make Oath before such Collector or other Chief Officer at the Port of Importation (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same) that the Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fins so imported are the same as mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate, and the Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees of Inch Articles respectively, shall also make Oath before the Collector of Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs (who are hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath) at the Time of the Entry* that to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief the Articles so imported were a % 6tually caught and taken by British Subje&n usually residing in such Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, as the Case may be, and on Failure of such Certificate being produced, and Proof on Oath as aforesaid being made, the Articles shall be deemed and taken to be of Foreign Fishing, and charged with the Duty by this Act.imposed on such Articles of Foreign Fishing.

XXXIX. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which have been regularly imported into Great Britain, and afterwards exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, are upon Re-importation subjtdl to the Duties of Customs; Be it therefore declared and enacted, That all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so returned into Great Britain, shall be subject and liable to all such Duties of Customs as are by this Act granted upon Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

XL. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging the making of Pot Ashes and Pearl Ashes in the British

Plantations in America, certain Certificates and Oath9 were required to be produced and made on the Entry of any Pot and Pearl Ashes of the Produ£t and Manufacture of any of the British Colonies in America: And whereas the Production of such Certificates, and the requiring such Oaths, are no longer necessary Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Act shall be, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, repealed.

XLI. And Whereas it is expedient to encourage the Importation of Raw Linen Yarn into Great Britain Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain any Sort Sf Raw Linen Yarn, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, subject to such and the like Duties only as would have been due and payable for such Raw Linen Yarn if the same had been imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under

the

Foreign Goods exported and reimported, shall be subject to Duty,

24 G. 2. c. 51. requiring Certificate on Entry of British Colonial Pot and Pearl Allies, repealed.

Daring the War, Raw Linen Yam may be imported in Vessels of any Country in Amity, under Duties as in British Ships.

Duties shall be under the Management of the Ojinmissionen of Customs.

*3

Duties and Drawbacks under this Act shall be levied, &i\ as under the Acts relating to former Duties, unless hereby altered.

c. 98.

490 GtO. III.

A.D. 1809.

tile Management of the Commissioners of the Customs In Scotland fot the Time being.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Sum of Money respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in Figures in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed marked A.B. C. and D. as r the Duties of Customs, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Custotns upon, for, or in respect of the several Goods, Ware.j, or Merchandize specified therein, or as the Duties of Customs on Ships or Vessel* according to the Tonnage thereof, may and shall respectively be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, anfvrered, paid, recovered, and allowed, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, in such and the like Manner, and by the same Mean, Ways, or Methods, as former Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also by any such special Means, Ways, or Methods respectively, as former Dutie3 of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the same Sort3 or Kinds, or Duties on Shifft or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof respectively, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whereon Duties of Customs are by this Act charged, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs allowed as the same afc respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A.B. C. and 33. upon the Importation thereof into, cr Exportation thereof from Great Britainf or on any other Account whatever, and all Ship3 and Vessela whereon any Duties are charged or payable according to the Tonnage thereof, shall be and the same are hereby made subjrd and liable to a'l and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Seizures, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Ware9, or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Condition, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures, Sales, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or Ships or Vessels whereon any Duties are chargeable or payable according to the Tonnage thereof respectively, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, resptding the Revenue of Customs, or such Tonnage Duties as aforesaid, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures of whatever Nature or Kind the same may be, as well Pains of D^ath as others for any Offence whatever committed' against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said Fifth Da^of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or such Tonnage Duties as aforesaid, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions, and Declarations contained in any such Act or Acts, shall (unless where expressly altered by this Act), and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powds, Directions, Fines, Pains,

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III.

C.gS/

Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in' the Body of this Act and made Part thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the of Commissioner, of His Majesty's Customs in England for the Time of Customs brine, or any Four or more of thtm, and the Commissioners of His empowered Majesty's Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any Three or Accounts of nrre of them, finally to settle and close the Accounts of any Col* CoUe&or* leftors or Receivers of any Part of the Revenue of Customs, or other Dutiea under their Management, notwithstanding any erroneous Application of any Duties of Customs received by them 5 and the said Commissioners are hereby respectively empowered to correct such Application, in order to prevent the Accounts of any such Collectors or Receivers from being kept open, unsettled, and unliquidated; and aft such Com ft ions shall and are hereby directed to be allowed by the Commissioners for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, in the passing the general Account of Customs*

Subsidies, or Imposition*.

v Duties of Customs received after 5 July 1809, dlough the Amount " may have become due and been computed, or secured by Bond before that Time, shall be applied in like Manner as the Duties u by this Act granted, except otherwise provided. And Drawbacks paid in like Marner. §45.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising byJ Permanent the Duties of Customs imposed by this Act, described in the Schedule Duties shall b«.and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A.B. C. and D. under the Head of Permanent Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and M

accounting for the same excepted) (hah from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, except as by this Act is specially provided, and shall be appropriated in like Manner and to the same Services as the Permanent Duties hereby repealed would have been if this Act had not been passed.

XLVII. And Whereas by divers Acts for granting feverat of the Duties hereby repraled, it is provided that during the Space of Ten Years then next ensuing, there Should be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, a Book*

or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said respective 1 Duties Should, together with such other Dut*es as were respectively

granted for the Purpose of making permanent Additions to the*

4 Publick Revenue, and of defraying any Charges occasioned by certain Loans made, and Stocks created by the Authority of Parliament, be entered, separate a*-d apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, upon any

Account whatever: And whereas it is expedient, that the Per-

manent Duties by this Act granted and described as Permanent Account of Duties, except where special Provision is otherwise made by this ^en?an?*t1,

4 Act, Should be entered in one Account, but that Provision Should* r nevertheless be hereby made for ascertaining the Produce of such acc0niing to*f several Grants of Duties for the Remainder of such respective Direaionsoftlit Periods; Be-it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Treasury, and Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Duties pW before of Customs and Tonnage granted by this Act as Permanent Duties, Ac^uour except as by this Act is otherwise specially provided, (had be entered required by

together 4au.u. c. 70.

loi.oooot. efti-Mated Increase of Permanent Duties deemed an Addition to the Revenue, applicable to Services of 1809.

Treasury shall cause an Account to be kept of what the Hereditary Revenue of the Crown would have produced if not blended with other Duties, and to be laid before Parliament with the Accounts required by 42 G.0. c.?o.

C: £8. 45^ GEd. III. A.D. 1gfl

together in one Account, and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or dny Three or more of them for the Time being, shall, for and during the Remainder of the respective Periods of Ten Years to be computed from the Time of granting such of the said Duties as aforesaid; as were so directed to be entered separately as aforesaid, cause separate and distinct Accounts of what such Duties would have amounted to, in case the same had not been and were not respectively hereby consolidated and collected with other Duties of Custoras and Tonnage, to be made out in such Manner and Form as shall appearto the Load High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, best adapted to ascertain such Amounts respectively, which Accounts the said Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners for the Time being, are hereby required to cause to be laid before Parliament, together with the Publick Accounts directed to be laid before Parliament; pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the Forty-iecond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty aforesaid, intituled An Act for direSing certain Publick Accounti to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing Certain other Forms of Account How in Use.

XLVIII. And Whereas in the Consolidation of the Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, under this Act, such

Duties are in various Instances increased, ' be it therefore enacted, That of the Monies arising or to arise out of such Increase of the Duties hereby granted, and which Duties are denominated and described in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A.B. C. and D. under the Title of Permanent Duties, the Sum of One hundred and five thousand Pounds, being the cflimated Produce of such Increase, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or to be made by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

XLIX. And Whereas by the Consolidation of the different Branches of the Publick Revenue, and of the several Duties payable on the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and the Appropriation thereof, as directed by the said recited Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign and subsequent Acts, the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues of the Crown of Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and of other Duties upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, are not now kept distinct and separate at the several Offices, but have become'blended with other Duties of Customs and Tonnage, both in the ' Collection and Appropriation thereof: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for afeertaioing the annual Amount of what such Hereditary Revenues would have produced in case the fame had not been so consolidated, and that an Account should hereafter be kept of such annual Amount Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, shall cause to be prepaied and kept, aa Account of what such Hereditary Revenue would have amounted to in case the same had not been and was not hereby consolidated and collected with other

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 9&.

241

Duties oECustoma and Tonnage in the Collection and Appropriation thereof, in such Manner and Form as shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, best adapted to ascertain such Amount, which Account the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners for the Time being are hereby required to make out, or cause to be made out and laid before Parliament, together with the Publick Accounts directed to be laid before Parliament pursuant to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-fccoud Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for directing certain Publick Accounts to be laid annually before parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Use.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect or alter the Hereditary Revenue of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors iu Scotland, or other Revenues there granted to His late Majesty King George the Second during His Life, and reserved to His present Majesty during H; a Life by an Act made in the First Year of His Majesty's Reign; bqt the same and the Civil Establishment payable out of the same shall continue to be paid in like Manner as heretofore; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary no* withstanding.

LI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for charging the Sum of Twelve Millions, Part of the Loan of Twelve millions two hundred thousand Pounds,

rased for the Service of Great Britain

for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven % upon the Duties of Custonu and Excise granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and for providing a Sinking Fund for the Redemption of the Stocks or Funds thereby created, in order to defray the Charge of Twelve millions Part of the Loan for the Service of the then Year, it was directed that the annual Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds should be during the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive

Treaty of Peace set apart, and appropriated to the Consolidated Fund out of the Produce of the Duties of Customs and Excise granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the War, and until certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace Be it therefore enacted, That the Duties of Customs described in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A.B. C. and D. under the Head of " Temporary or War Duties/' shall be chargeable with the same annual Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds in like Manner, in the same Proposition, and for the like Period, and under the same Regulations and Provisions in all Rtfpests, as the Duties of Customs in the said last recited Act mentioned, which are hereby repealed, and all the Provisions contained in the said last recited Act with respect to the Duties of Customs hereby repealed shall be in force, and applied to the Duties of Customs described as last aforesaid, under the Head Temporary or War Duties."

Ltl. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising by the Duties of Customs described in the Schedule and Tables hereunto Mnexed, marked A.B. C. and D+ under the Head of Temporary 4S> Geo. III. % or

Hereditary Revenue in Scotland shall not b« altered.

[See 1 G. 3. c.l. §8.]

47 G.O. ft.l.

c. 55.

Temporary or War Duties chargeable with the annual Sum of 1, 200, 0001. under recited Act.

[Sec also 49 G. 0. c. 92.]

Account of Temporary or War Duties shall be kept separate, and applied ia

aid of the Services for 3 809, and subsequent Years.

limitation of Actions,

Three Months.

[General Issue.]

Defendant may plead

Treble Cofl*.

or War Duties, " (the necessary Charges of ratling* and accounting for the same excepted.) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer distieftiy and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues, and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies ac'ifing* from the said respective Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever, and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt (subject to the Appropriation directed by the said last recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid, with respect to the Duties therein mentioned and hereby repealed, as is herein*before mentioned) shall, from Time to Time, as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be iflwed and applitd to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, or shall be voted for the Service of any subsequent Year and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorised to iffire and apply" the same accordingly.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Siiit may plead the General Issue % and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in ar.y such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be r.onfnited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant had in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §54.

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III.

*43

C98.

SCHEDULE and TABLES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Importation into Great Britain of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain j

ALSO,

Of the Duties of Customs payable on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Britain;

LIKEWISE,

Of the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandfee brought or carried Coastwise or from one Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain;

AND ALSO,

Of the Tonnage Duties of Customs payable on Ships or Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards in Great Britain, from or to Foreign Parts.

INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

A. d£ X. £. d. & s. d.

Aeacia, the lb. Aceto fella Sal, See Sal. 013 0 0 10 0 0 5

Acorus, the lb. 0 0 4 003 09i§

Adianthum, the lb. Agaric, the cwt. Agates, viz, polhhed or otherwise manufactured, for every js&iqo of the Value — - rough or unmanufactured, for every gg 100 of the Value Alderney, Island of, See Guernsey. Ale, See Beer. Alkali, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every f^ioo of the 0 0 4 140 37 10 0 003 00 i£ 080 12 id 0

20 0 0 13 6 8 613

Value - 20 0 0 13 6 8 6 15 4

Alk#net Root, the lb. 006 004 O O 1

Alkekengi Baccae, the lb. Alkermes, viz, — Confe&io, the oz. Syrup, the lb* Alirii)n4)faste, for everyg*oo>of the Value &2 0 p 6 010*0 1 6 io 0 004 0 d 8 of 1 0 0 0*0 0 4 0 0 6 12 19 9

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

C.p8*

SCHEDULE (A.) -INWARDS. Permanent. remponuy

Duty. I Drawback. 1 or War Duty.

Almonds, viz. £ S. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Bitter, the cwt. Jordan, the cwt. X OO 3 0 ° 0 13 4 200 068 I 0 0

of any other Sort, the cwt. 1 10 0 i 0 0 0 10 Q

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Almonds'of all Sorts may be secured in Ware-houses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Oil of, See Oil. Aloes, viz. — — Socotorina, imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the lb. 016 010 0 0 6

- not imported aireftly from the Place of their Growth, the lb. - 0 3 ° 020 OIO

- of any other Sort, the lb. Alum, the cwt. - - - 009 0 11 0 00 6 074 OO3 0 3*

Plume, the lb. 1 Roch, the cwt. Amber, viz. - — Beads, See Beads. Oil of, See Oil. Rough, the lb. — — not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100L of the Value - 003 070 010 37 0 002 048 0 G 8 25 0 0 0OI 0 2 4 © O 4 12 10

Ambergris, the oz. 030 020 O I O

Ambra Liquida, the lb. 036 024 0 12

Ammi Seed, See Seed. Ammoniacum, viz. — Gum, See Gum Ammoniacus. - Sal, See Sal Ammoniacus. Anacardium, the lb. 0 1 3 0 0 10 0 0 5

Anchor Stocks, See Wood, Anchovies, the lb. 0 0 4J 003 OOI

For the Condition?, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Anchovies may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87^ 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Angelica^, the lb. 0 0 6 0 0 4*

Angufturae Cortex, See Cortex. Animi Gum, See Gum. Aniseed, See Seed. Oil of, See Oil. Annotto, thfi cwt; 1 5 0 0 S 4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Antimonium, viz.

- Crudum, the c\vt../ -

- Preparatum or Stibium, the lb. Apples, the Bushel -

- dried, the Bushel

Aquafortis, the cwt.

Arabic Gum, See Gum.

Arangoes, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every iool. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions under which Arangoes may be so imported, See 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30.

Archelia, See Orchelia.

Argol, the cwt.

Aristolochio, the lb. -

ArmoniacB°le} Bole Arfnoniac-Arquebusade, See Spirits.

Arrow Root, or Powder, the lb.

- the Produce of any of the British

Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the lb.

Arfcmc, the cwt. '

Afafcetida, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. Alarum Root, the lb.

Ashes, viz.

- Fechia, the cwt.

- Pearl and Pot, imported in a British-built Ship, the.cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- of the British Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the cwt.

Soap, Weed, and Wood, the cwt.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool. of the

Value -

Afphaltus, the lb.

Asses, each -

Aurentiorum Cortex, See Limonum in Cortex.

Auripigmentum, See Orpiment.

[See also 43 G, 3. c. 68. §41.]

R3

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ x. eL £ x. d. £. x. d.

076 — 026

003 0 0 2' 0 0 t

020 — 0 8

0 4 3 — 0 I 5

090 030

200 — 0 13 4

030

006

003

o

o

o

o

o

o il

9 o

1

o

4

3

4

o 1 o s

o

4*

6

6

o

*000

006

220

004

004

008

003

13 6 8

o 0 4

Temporary

010

002

001

o o o

030

0 0 2

OO4 O O 1

Ol6

0 12

O I 4

o 0 4

004

6 13

o o

O I

I3H

Permanent. Temporary

SCHEDULE (A.)"INWARDS« Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

B- Baccae Alkckengi, See Alkekengi Baccse. &> 1. d. s€ x. d sS x. d.

Bacon or Hams, the cwt. See the Note under the Head of Provisions. Badger Skins, See Skins. Balks, See Wood. 2 17 6 0 19

Balls, viz Walking Balls, the lb. 0 1 0 — 004

Balm of Gilead, the lb. - Bajfam, viz- 030 020 0 l 0

Artificial, the lb. Canada, ' the lb. — Copaiva or Capivi, the lb. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rellri&ions under which Balsam Capivi may be secured in Ware-houses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo .3. cap. 126. — ? Natural, the lb. not otherwise enumerated or de- feribed, for every iool. of the 030 009 0 1 3 026 020 006 0 0 10 018 010 003 005 0 0 13

Value 37 10 0 25 0 0 12 10 0

Ealuftia, the lb. 006 0 0 4 0 0 2

Baodftring Twist, the dozen knots Barbadoes Tar, See Tar. Barilla, imported in a British built Ship, 030 020 OIO

the cwt. -not imported in a Britishi-iuilt Ship, 0 8 6 \ c 5 8 O 2 10

the cwt. - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Barilla may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. T26. Bark, viz. - Jesuits, See Cortex Peruvianus. 090 0 5 8 0 3 0

Oak, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Oak Bark may be imported on Payment of this Duty, See 12 Geo. 3. cap. 50. continued by subsequent Acts and by 44- Geo. 3. cap. 85. further continued for .'even Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 0 0 4!

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARD^.

Bark, continued.

- Black Oak, or Quercitron, for the

of dying, imported from any Country, not in Europe, in Casks containing not less than ijjclbs. net, the cwt. -

- otherwise imported, for every ool. of the Value -

- Red Mangrove imported in Casks containing not less than i^olbs. net, the cwt.

- «. - otherwise imported, for every

1001. of the Value

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool. of the Value Barley* See Com.

- Hulied, See Pearl Barley.

Barras, Dutch, See Canvas in Linen.

Balket Rods, the Bundle, not exceeding Three Feet in Circumference at the Band Baskets, viz.

- Hand Baskets, the Dozen

- not otherwise enumerated or de-

feribed, for every iool. of the Value

Basons of Marble, See Stones.

Balt Ropes, the cwt. -

Bast or Straw Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

- Platting or other Manufacture

of Balt or Straw for making plats or Bonnets, See Platting.

Batten Ends, 7 c, r A Battens, j Wood.

Battery, the cwt.

Bay Berries, See Berries.

Bay, Oil of, See Oil.

Bay, or Myrtle Wax, See Wax.

Bay Yarn, See Woollen Yarn in Yarn. Bdellium, imported directly from the Flace of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb.

Beads, viz,

- Amber Beads, the lb: -

- Coral Beads, the lb.

- Crystal Beads, the 1000 -

- Jet Beads, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or de-

1 R 4

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

s. d. <5£ s. d x x. d.

006 — 0 0 2

2000 1 00 Os CO 6*3 4

0 0 — - O 0

20 O O 13 6 8 6 i3 4

37 10 $ Kt Cr, O O 12 10 O

020 — 0 0 8

016 — 0 0 6

u> O O — 12 IO O

0 39 O 13

300 2 0 0 IOO

0 0 690 4 0 0 2

OIO 008 O O 4

076 0 3 ° 02 6

OIO O 068 0 3 4

O 18 O 0120 0 6 m

o 2 o

Temporary

o 1 4009

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Beads, continued.

fcr?bed, for every 1001. of the Value -

Beans, See Com.

Kidney or French Beans, the Bushel See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Bear Skins,] SctSkhs.

Beaver oleins^ i

- Wool, See Wool.

Bed Feathers, See Feathers for Beds, in Feathers.

Beds, See Feather Beds.

Beech Boards, 1 — Plank, > See Wood.

- Quarters, J

Beef, viz.

- from the Isle of Man See Man, I fie of — whether salted or otherwise, See the

Note under the Head of Provisions.

Beer or Bigg, See Com.

Beer, viz

- Mum, the Earrel containing 3a

Gallons -

--Spru e Beer, the Barrel containing

32 Gallons -

- or Ale, of all other Sorts, the Barrel, containing 32 Gallons Mum, Beer, and Ale, are subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Bees Wax, See Wax.

Bell Metal, See Metal.

Belvedere Railins, See Raisins.

Benjamin, the lb.

Bergamot, Essence of, See Essence.

Berries, viz.

- Bay, the cwt.

Juniper, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Juniper Berries may be secured in Ware-houses without Fayment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. js6.

- Myrtle, the lb.

- Yellow, for Dyers Use, the cwt.

n- — for Dyers Use, not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt, -

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ /. d. £ s. je t. d.

37 0 O O »-o ia 10 0

006 0 0 3

0 14 0 O94 048

0170 on 4 OO O

0 CO VO 0510 0 2 11

OIO 008 0 0 4

0 0 0 O 00 l*0 0 0

O 0 00 0 0 003 OO \\ 0 6 0

015 0 — OjO

SCHEDULE (A). — INWARDS'.

Berries, continued.

- not for Dyers Use, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 1001. of the Value Bestials, See Man, Isle of.

Bezoar Stones, the oz.

Bigg or Beer, See Com.

Birds, rim. Singing Birds the Dozen Biscuit, See Bread.

Bitumen Judiacum, the lb.

Blaeking, the cwt.

Bladders, the Dozen -

Blubber, See Train Oil in Oil.

Beards, See Wood.

Bole Armoniac or Armenian Bole, the cwt. -

Bones of Cattle, for every iool. of the Value Bonnets, See Hats.

Books, viz.

- bound, the cwt.

- unbound, the cwt.

Borax, viz.

- refined, the lb.

- unrefined or Tineal, the lb.

Botargo, the lb.

Bottles, viz.

- of Earth or Stone, the Dozen

- of Glass covered with Wicker, the

Dozen Quarts -

- of Green or common Glass, full or

empty, not of less Content than One Pint, and not being Phials, the Dozen Quarts

- of Glass, not otherwise enumerated

or described, for every iool. of the Value -

Note. — Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported are not subject to Duty.

Bowls or Buckets of Wood, the dozen Bowsprits, See Mails in Wood.

Boxes, viz.

- Drefting Boxes, for every iool. of the

Value -

- Nest Boxes, the Gross, containing 12

dozen Neils, each Nest containing 8 Boxes -

- Pill Boxes, the Gross, containing 12

dozen Nests, each Nest containing Boyes -

Permanent.

Duty.

£ /. d.

37 10 o 1

0 5

o o

2 5

4

3

o

o

o

050

20 O O

2

I

I

O

O

o

6

o

4*

74

0 2 0 o 13 9

O $ o 72 o o

o i 3

37 10 0 0176 030

Drawback.

£ s. d.

23 o o o 10

004

002

0 3 4 13 6 8

0118

020

249

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ V d.

12 19 e 006 o 1 8

002

0 15 o

001

0 1 8

6 13 4

1 7 A 10 6

004 o o 1

002

008

04 7

0x8 24 o o

005

12 10 e o 5 10 010

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Boxes, continued.

- Sand Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 dozen Boxes — Snuff Boxes, for every idol* of the Value -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool. of the Value Box Wood, See Wood.

Bracelets or Necklaces of Glass, the Gross, containing 12 Bundles or Deckers, each Bundle or Decker containing 10 Necklaces Brandy, See Spirits.

Brass, viz.

- Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every icol. of the Value - — Old, See Shruff.

- Powder of, for Japanning, See Powder.

- Wire, jfcrWire.

Brazil.

- Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the

Growth, Irodme, and Manufacture of Brazil, or any other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, which are not prohibited by Law from being imported from Foreign Countries, may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties of Customs and Excise, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, upon their Importation into Great Britain, from any other foreign Country; and in Cases where different Duties are imposed upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description imported from different foreign Countries, then upon Payment of the lowest Duties, which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation into Great Britain, of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize fresh any other foreign Country; and w'here any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are imported from Brazil,

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

/. d. 056 57 to o 37 10 o

060

37 1° o

*e 1. d

038

Temporary

or

War Duty.

*£ /. d. o 1 10 12 10 0 12 10 0

0 2 0

12 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Brazil, continued.

or any of the said Territories or Possessions, in a Ship or Vessel not being British-built, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be subject and liable to the Duties due and payable on similar Articles when imported in such Ship from any other foreign Country.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which such Goods may be so imported and entered and landed. See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 11. and cap. 109.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which any of the Articles enumerated or described in the Table marked A. annexed to the Act of the 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. being of the Growth or Produce of Brazil, or any other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, and imported directly from thence, may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. S7. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. 48 Geo. 3. cap. 109. and 48 Geo. 3. cap 126.

Brazil Wood, 1 c

Brazilletto Wood, J See Wood'

Bread or Biscuit, the cwt.

See the Note under the Head of Corn. Bricks, the 1000 -

Brimstone, or Sulphur Vivnm, ti'z.

- rough, imported in a British-

built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- in Rolls, imported in a British-

built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- in Flowers, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. (Drawback.

£ s. sS s f€ d»

0 2 6 _ 0 0 10

O 14 O 094 048

O96 O64 032

O IO O O64 0 3 4

0 12 6 084 042

0 13 0 084 044

0 M 0 O IO O 050

01590 10 0 ° 5 3

SCHEDULE (A). — INWARDS.

#Bnmstone, or Sulphur Vivum, continued.

Restrictions under which 15 rim (lone may be secured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Bridles, viz.

- dressed, imported in a British-built

Ship, the Dozen lbs.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen lbs.

- rough or undressed, imported in a

British-built Ship, the Dozen lbs.

- not imported in a Br/.iih-built Ship, the Dozen lbs.

Tor the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Bristles undressed may be secured, in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Broken Glass, See Glass.

Bronze Figures, for every 100l. of the Value

- Powder, See Powder.

Brooms, viz. Flag or Whiflc Brooms, the Dozen

Bruges Thread, See Thread.

Buck or Deer Skins, See Skins.

Buckets of Wood, See Bowls.

Buffalo Hides, See Hides.

- Horns, See Horns.

Bugle, viz.

- great, the lb.

- small or Seed, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Bugles may be warehoused, on Importation, See 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30.

- great, to be warehoused, the Dozen

lbs.

- small or Seed, to be warehoused,

the Dozen lbs.

When taken out of such Warehouse to be used in Great Britain,

- great, the lb.

- small, or Sefed, the lb.

Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver Duty free.

Permanent. Temporary or a War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

e£ s. d. £ /. d d& if. d

07 6 # 050 026

0 00 0 050 0 2 8

q a 3 016 009

026 01690 tP

37 10 0 - 12 fO t

006 — 902

020 014 008

030 020 O J 0

010 004

020 — 008

020 - 0 ( 0 8

0 0 0*1 0

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. c. 98. 253

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Perma inent. Temporary or

Duty. Drawback. War Duty.

Bull Rushes, the Load, containing 63 £ x. d. & s. d. £ x. dL

Bundles Bulls, See Cattle. See also the Note under the Head of Provisions. Hides, See Hides. Tails, See Tails. Burgundy Pitch, See Pitch. Burrachas, See India Rubbers. Burrs for Mill Stones, See Stones. See also the Note under the Head of Guernsey. Buds or Figures of Marble or Stones, See Stones. - not otherwise enumerated or described ior every idol, of the 076 O Oi O 0 a 6 )

Value - 37 10 0 — 12 10 0

Bntter, the cwt. - Se.3 the Note under the Head of Provisions. c. Cables tarred or nntarred, whether in use or ©S3 Oil

otherwise, the ewt. Cable Yarn, See Yarn. Cajaputa, Oil of See Oil. Cake Lac, See Lac in Gum. Cakes made of Linseed, See Linfecd Cakes. — - Rape Seed, See Rape Cakes. Calabar Skins, See Squirrel Skins in Skin*. Caliminaris Lapis, See Lapis. 0 13 6 0 4 6

Calamus Aroraaticus, the lb. 006 O O 002

Callivances, the Burtiel See the Note under the Head of Provisoes. Gallicoes printed, painted, Rained, or dyed, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, 006 0 0 a

for every ool. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which such Callicoes may be so imported, See j G. 3. cap. 30. Calve Skins, See Skins. Calyes, See Cattle. See also the Note under the Head of Provisions. 2 to 0 0 16 8

Calves Yelyes, the cwt. --Cambogium, See Gamboge, C&mbricks, See Linen.97 3 0 4 10 o* a 5

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Camel Hair, See Hair.

Camel or Mohair Yarn, See Yarn.

Camomile Flowers, the lb.

Carr.phire, viz.

- refined, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb

- 1-unrefined, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Cam Wood, See Wood.

Canada Balsam, See Balsam.

Canary Seed, See Seed.

Cancrorum Oculi, the lb.

Candles, viz,

- Spermaceti, the lb.

- Tallow, the cwt.

- Wax, the lb.

Candlewick, the cwt.

Cane Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

- Platting or other Manufacture of

Cane to make Hats or Bonnets, See Platting.

Canella Alba, the lb.

Canes, viz,

- Rattans, the icoo

- Peed Canes, the ioooo

- Walking, the ioooo

Cans of Wood, the Dozen Gantharides, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Cantharides may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Canvass, See Linen.

Capers, the lb.

Capita Papavenim, the loop Caps, viz,

- Cottoin, for every iool. of the Value

- Worsted, for every iool. of the Value

Carraway Seeds, See Seed.

Cardamoms* the lb. -

Cards, viz Playing Cards the Dozen Packs Cariophyllorum Cortex, See Cortex Cario-

phylloides.

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

003 002 0 m 1

0 1 3 026 — 005-0 0 10

009 006 003

016 010 00 6

009 016 200 016 2 16 0 006 Q O 3 006 OI3 4 006 0188

006 004 0 0 2

1 1 6 0 14 4 O72

0169 0 11 2 0 5 7

2. 10 0 0 1 3 J '3 4 016 8 0 -c 5

020 014 008

0 0 4v 003 0 0 if

023 54 0 0 37 10 0 016 009 18 O or 12 IO 9

01 3 0 0 10 0 0 5

-2 10 0 <.'.0 16 8 } v

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Cariophyllorum, continued.

- Oleum, See Oil of Cloyed*

Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair. Carmine, the oz.

Carpets, viz,

- of Turkey, under Four Yards square the Carpet

- Four Yards square and not exceeding Six Yards square the Carpet -

- exceeding Six Yards square the Carpet -

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Turkey Carpets may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 43 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value -

Canabe, See Succinum.

Carriages of all Sorts, for every iool. of the Value -

Carrot Seed, loo 1 Carthamus Seed. J ee ee Carui Oleum, See Oil of Carraway*

Cashew Gum, See Gum.

- Nuts, See Nuts.

Calks, empty, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -

Cassia Buds, the lb.

- Fiftula, the lb.

- Lignea, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil.

Castor, the lb.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Catlings or Lutestrings, the Gross, containing Twelve Dozen Knots Cat Skins, See Skins.

Cattle from the Isle of Man, See Man, I He of.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Caviare, thei cwt. Cayenne Pepper, See Pepper.

Chalk, for every iooi. of the Value Chart*, See Maps*

Cheese, thecwc.

Permanent.

Duty.

£ s. d.

026

O 15 O

30°

500

37 10 0

37 10 0

0

040

076 20 o © 0 2 9

Drawback.

£ s. d.

25 o o

o

o

o

2 8

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ s, eU

o o 10

0 s

1 o o I ij 4

12 VO o

12 10 O

s

o 4

o 6 z o

0x4

026

6 13 4

O Q IT

4p° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

25 6 C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Cheese, continued.

See the Note under the Head of Proviso ns.

Chemical Oil, See Oil.

Cherries, the cwt.

- dried, the lb.

Chefbuts, See Nuts.

Chimney Pieces of Marble or Stone, fculp-tured. See Stones.

China Root, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. China Ware, or Porcelaine, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iocl. of the Value Chip Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

Chip, Manufactures of, to make Hats or Bonnets, See Platting.

Cider the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Subject also to a Duty of Excise. Cinders the Chalder, containing 36 Bushels Winchdter Measure Cinnabar, See Vermilion.

Cinnabaria Native, the lb.

Cinnamon, viz.

- The Produce of and imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, the lb.

- imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Cinnamon may be so imported from any Place, See 3 tk Ann. cap. 4. 8 Ann. cap. 7* 6 Geo. t. cap. 21. See also,

8 Geo. 1. cap. 18.' continued by several Statutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. cap. 29. further continued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Cinnamoni Oleum, See Oil of Cinnamon. Citron preserved with Salt, for every 100l. of the Value

- with Sugar, See Guccades.

Citron Water, See Spirits.

Civet, the oz.

Clap Boards, See Boards in Wood.

Clocks, for every icol. of the Value Cloths, Woollen, See Woollen Cloths.

1 [§21.] a [Made perpetual, 49 G. 3. c.

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

£ / d. £ s. d.

086

*to» rr O O

0 0900 6

Ol6 010

50 O O —

O O M 500

013 p —

M 0 0 0 10

01 6

056 038

3719 0 25 0 0

030 0 2

3710 0 —

2©. §4.]

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ S. 7

O 2 10

o o

003

006

16 13 4

2 10 O

0 4 7 00 5

006 O I 10

12 10 0

O I9£2 10 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Clover Seed, See Seed.

Cloves, viz.

- the Produce of and imported from

any British Colony or Plantation in America, the lb.

- imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Cloves may be so imported from any Place, See 3 & 4 Ann. cap. 4. 8 Ann. cap. 7. 6 Geo. 1. cap. 21. deealfo 8 Geo. I. cap. 18. continued by several statutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. cap. 29. further continued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Coals, the Chalder, containing 36 Bushels Winchester Measurt Cobalt, for every iool. of the Value Cochineal, the lb.

for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Cochineal may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 4$ Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137 and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Dust, the lb.

Cocoa Nuts, the lb.

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictiona under whichCocoa Nuts may be secured in Warehouse* without Payment of Duty, See 4$ Geo. 3. cap. 132. 43 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. 48 Geo. 3. cap. 120. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Coculus indicua, imported direct, from the Place of its Growth,the lb.

- not'imported d'redlly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Codilla of Flax, subject to Duty as Flax, for which. See Flax.

- of Hemp, subject to Du*y as

Hemp, for which, See Hemp. Coffee, the lb. -

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ /. d. £ /. d £ /. d

01 6 006

036 024 a 13

180 094

20 0 0 J3 6 8 63 4

016 006

003 OOI

003 001

016 006

0 0 — 0 I©

O O — 0 © I

[Perpetual, fee Cinnamon.] + [See 43 £. 3. c. $8. §24.]

49° GEO. III. S

A.D. 1&09.

_2j8 0.98. 49° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temp ora iy

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Coffee, continued. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coffee may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. 48 Geo. 3. cap. 120. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Coin, m. — of Copper, See Copper. Foreign, of Gold or Silver, See Bullion. Cole Seed, See Seed. Colocynth, See Coloquintida. Colophonia, See Rosin. Coloquintida, or Colocynth, imported di-redlly from the Place of its £ u d. £ s. d. £ s.

Growth, the lb. — not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, 0 i 0 008 004

the lb. - Colours for Painters, See Painters Colours. 020 0 1 4 008

Columbo Root, the lb. 0 i 0 0 0 8 004

Comfits, the lb. Coney Skins, See Skins. - — Wool, See Wool. Confeftio Alkermes, See Alkermes. Contrayervae Lapis, See Lapis. Copaiba, or Capivi Balsam, See Balsam. Copal Gum, See Gum. Copper, viz. 01 6*0 © i

Ore, the cwt. Old, fit only to be re-manufactured, 006 0 02

the cwt. ... in Plates and Copper Coin, thecwt. unwrought, viz. Copper in Bricks*or Pigs, Rose Copper, and all Cast 059 096 — 0 in 031

Copper, thecwt. — — Part wrought, viz. Bars, Rods, or Ingots, hammered or raised. 0 59 0 in

the cwt. ... Wire, See Wire. wife enumerated or described, and Copper Plates engraved, for every 0 19 3 06 j

1001. of the Value An additional Duty ie payable until the 5th of April 1811, and from thence to the End of the then next 37 10 0 12 13

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Copper, continued.

Session of Parliament, on Copper of the following Descriptions, viz.

- Copper in Bri ks or Pigs, Rose

Copper, Cast Copper, Copper in Plates, Copper Coin, and Copper.in Bars, Rods, or Ingots, hammered or raised, the cwt.

Note. — This additional Duty is not payable for any Copper imported in any Ship for which a Licence shall have been granted by His Majesty previous to the 23d April 1808, or which shall have been imported into any free Port in a British Island or Settlement in the West Indies, previous to the 1st August 1808.

Copperas, viz.

- Blue, the cwt

- Green, the cwt.

- White, the cwt.

Coral, viz

- Beads, See Beads.

- in Fragments, the lb.

- whole polished, the lb.

- unpoliftied, the lb.

Cordage tarred or untarred, whether in Use or otherwise, (Handing or running Rigging in Use excepted) the cwt. -

Cordial Waters, See Spirits.

Coriander Seed, See Seed.

Cork, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a Britise-built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Cork may*be secured in approved Places with -out Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Corks, ready made, the lb.

Corn.

Table No. i.

The following Duties are payable on the Importation of Wheat, Wheat meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease,

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ /. d. £ t. d. £ 1. d:

1 5 0 1 5 0 —

03 0 010

030. —. 010

076 026

0 0 74 005 S O 2

076 050 0 2 6

036 024 0 12

O 13 6 — O46

050 ©34 Ol8

056 0 3 4 T0 I 10

023' — OO9

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Corn, continued. Beans, Indian Com, or Maise, except from the Province of Quebec and the other Britirti Colonies or Plantations in North America, viz. Price at the Port of Importation is - - under 63s. per Quarter, high £ 1. d £ d. £ s. d.

Duty, the Quarter - - at or above 63 s. but under'668. per Quarter, first low 1 5 0 084

Duty, the Quarter - - at or above 66 s per Quarter, 026 — 0010

second low Duty, the Quarter Rye, Pease, Beans, if the aggre- gate Average Price at the Port of Importation is - - under 42 s. per Quarter, high 006 002

Duty, the Quarter - at or above 42 s. but under 44 s. per Quarter, first low 126 0 7 €

Duty, the Quarter - at or above 44 s. per Quarter, 016'006

second low Duty, the Quarter*' '"i Barley, Beer, or Bigg, if the aggie*? gate Average Price at the Port of Importation is - - under 31s. 6d. per Quarter, 003 0 r

high Duty, the Quarter - at or above 3 is. 6d. but under 338. per Quarter, first low 126 076

Duty, the Quarter - - at or above 33s. per Quarter, 0 J 3 r n 005

second low Duty, the Quarter — Oat'*, if the aggregate Average Price at the Port of Importation is - - under 2is. per Quarter, high 003 001

Duty, the Quarter - at or above 21s. but under 228. per Quarter, first low Duty, the 069 023

Quarter - - at.or above 22s. per Quarter, 010 " 004

second low Duty; the Quarter — - Wheatmeal or Flour, if the aggregate Average Price of Wheat at the Port of Importation is - - under 63 s. per Quarter, high 003 0 1

Duty, the cwt. 069 — 023

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Corn, — Wheatmeal or Flour, &c. continued.

-: at or above 638. but under 66s.

per Quarter, first low Duty, the cwt.

- at or above 66s. per Quarter, second low Duty, the cwt.

- Indian Corn or Maize, if the aggregate Average Price of Barley at the Port of Importation is

- under 31s, 6d. per Quarter high Duty, the Quarter

- at or above 3 is. 6d. but under 33s. per Quarter, first low Duty, the Quarter

- at or above 33s. per Quarter, second low Duty the Quarter

- Oatmeal, if the aggregate Average

Price at the Port of Importation is

- under 30s. per Boll, of 140 lbs. Avoirdupois, or 128 lbs Scotch Troy, high Duty, the Boll

- at or above 20s. but under 21 s. per Boll, first low Duty, the Boll

- at or above 218 per Boll, second low Duty* the Boll

Table No. 2.

The following Duties are payable on the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Big, Oat8, Oatmeal, Sease, Beans, Indian Corn, or Maize from the Province of Quebec, and the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, viz,

- Wheat, if the aggregate Average Pnce at the Port of Importation is

- under 53s. pfer Quarter, high Duty, the Quarter

- at or above 53s. but under y6a. pe!r Quarter, fit ft low Duty, the Quarter

- at or above 36s. per Quarter, second low Duty, the Quarter -

1 — — Rye, Pease, beans, if the aggregate Average Price at the Port of Importation is - under 35s. jier Quarter, high Duty, the Quarter -

S3

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ ». d..j£ s* d. dS u d.

016 — 0 06

q 1 0 — 004

126 — 7 6

i 3 — 005

003 — 1

083 029

OIO — 004

0.0 6 P

150 0 & 4

Or*6 - 0 0 10

0 0 6 — 002

1 2 0 -u Or 7 6

Permanent. Temporary

uLHEDULE (A.) — INWA RDS. Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Corn, — Rye, Pease, Beans, &c. continued, - at or above 35s. but under 37s. per Quarter, first low Duty, the £ s. d. £ s. d. £ 1, el.

Quarter -- - at or above 37s. per Quarter, 016 — 006

facond low Duty, the Quarter - — Barley, Beer, or Bigg, if the aggregate Average Price at the Port of Importation is - - under 26s. per Quarter, high 003 0 0 I

Duty, the Quarter - at or above 26s. but under 28s, v per Quarter, first low Duty, the 126 076

Quarter - - at or above 28s. per Quarter, 0 1 3 1 005

second low Duty, the Quarter — Oats, if the aggregate Average Price at the Port of Importation is; - - pnder 17 s. per Quarter, high 003 001

Duty, the Quarter - - at or above 17s. but under i8s. per Quarter, first low Duty, the 069 023

Quarter - at or above 18 s. per Quarter, 0 1 0 " 004

second low Duty, the Quarter - Wheat meal or Flour, if the aggre- gate Average Price of Wheat at the Port of Importation is*- under 53s. per Quarter, high 003- 0 © 1

Duty, the cwt. - - at or above 53s. but under 56s. per Quarter, first low Duty, the 069 023

jCWt - - - at or above 56s. per Quarter, 016 " 006

second low Duty, the cwt. — - — Indian Com or Maize, if the aggregate Average Price of Barky at the Port of importation is - - under 26s. per. Quarter, high 003 0 I

Duty, the Quarter - at or above 26s. but under 28s. per Quarter, first low Duty, the 1.2 6 076

Quarter - at or above 28s per Quarter, b 1 3 Wmmm 0 0 s

second low Duty, the Quarter - — Oatmeal, if the aggregate Average Price at the Port of Importation is - - under 16s. fid. per Boll of 14^ 003 0 0 1

a

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Corn, — Oatmeal, See. continued.

lbs. - Avoirdupois, or 128 lbs. Scotch Troy, high Duty, the Boll

- Oatmeal, if the aggregate Average

Price at the Port of Importation is at or above 16s 6d. but under 17s. 4d. per Boll, first low Duty, the Boll -

- at or above 17s. 4d. per Boll,

second low Duty, the Boll

- Wheat, Wheatmeal or Flour, Rye,

Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn, or Maize,

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Re ft rid ions according to which the aggregate Average Price of such Corn shall be ascertained, and under which such Corn may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 31 Geo. 3. cap. 30. 33 Geo. 3. cap. 65. 44 Geo. 3. cap. 109. and 43 Geo. 3. cap 86. Having been secured in Warehouses, when taken out to be used or consumed in Great Britain, and not first to be jl arried coastwise to some other Port of Great Britain where Foreign Corn of the same Sort may be imported on the low Duies, such Duties shall be paid, as shall at the Time of taking out be due and payable for the like Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flom* imported into the same Port from any foreign Country; and also in addition to such Duties the several and respective Duties specified in the Table marked No. 1, under the Name of the first low Duties.

- His Majesty in Council may, when

the aggregate average Price of any Sort of Corn, or of Oatmeal*in England of Scotland respectively shall appear to be at or above the Prices at which Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour of the same Sort is allowed by Law to be imported, at the first low Duty, specified in the Table marked

S4

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

sS

8 3

j. d.

263

Temporary

or

War Duty.

iTd>

029

004

001

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Corn, continued. £ d. £ s. d. £ t. i.

No. 1, permit generally the Importation into England or Scotland respectively, or the taking out of Warehouse for Home Consumption of any such Sort of Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour, on Payment of the second low Duty only, as specified in the said Table No. 1, and no other 5 and such Permission shall continue in force for the Space of Fix Months at least from the Date of the Order in Council made for that Purpose, See 31 G. 1. cap. 30. 33 Geo. 3. cap. 65. and 45 Geo. 3. cap. H6, — His Majesty in Council is authorised, whatever may be the general Average Prhe of any Sort of Corn or Grain, or of Oatmeal in England and Scotland respectively, from Time to Time when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to permit ge>rily the Importation into Great Britain of any Foreign Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Peate, Beans, Oats, or any Meal or Flour, or Bread, Biscuit, or Malt made thereof, or any Indian Corn or Maize, or M al or Flour made thereof, in any British Vessel, or in any other Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated in any Manner whatever; and also the taking out of Warehouse for Home Consumption of any such Foreign Corn or other Article as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever. His Majesty is likewise authorised in like Manner to recall such Permission, either in Part or in the Whole, if Circumstances shall, appear so to require cee 39 Geo. 3. cap. 87. continued by several Acts, and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 23. further continued to the 25 th March 1810.

Permanent.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Duty.

Corn, continued.

Note. — All Foreign Com when delivered out of any Ship or Vessel in the Port of London, is subject also to a Duty of Twv; -pence per Last, or Ten Quarters, to be paid to the Inspector of Corn Returns.

Corn, Powder, See Gunpowder.

Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the lb.

Cortex, rrs.'

- Angufturae, the lb-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Cortex Angufturae may befecured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. c. 87. 46 G. 3. c. 137. and48 G. 3. c. 126.

- Cariophylloides, the lb.

- Eleutheriae, the cwt*

- Guaiaci, the cwt.

-. Limonuwi or Aurentiorum, the lb.

- Peruvianus or Jesuits Bark, the

j.

o o

O I

o o

O 12

o 17 o o

Drawback.

d

*e u d.

4 ° ° 3

3'o o 10

6

6

6

3

o 0 4

084 0118 002

lb. -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Jesuits Bark may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Simarouba, the lb.

- Winteranus, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described. for every 1001. of the Value -'-

Coftus, the lb.

Cotton Cloth of the Manufacture of the Isle of Man, See Man, Isle of.

- Manufactures, nut otherwise enumerated or described, for every 1001. of the Value

Cotton Thread, See Thread.

- Wool, See Wool.

- Yarn, See Yam.

Cow or Ox Hair, See Hair.

- Hides, See Hides.

- Tails, See Tails.

Cowage or Cowitch, the lb.

Cowries, imported from Europe under Li-

007^ o o 4I

37

° 0

54 o o

o o 10

005

003

25 o o

005

006

Temporary

or

War Duty.

s. J.

o o i| o o 3

o o»042 o 5 10 002

o o 5

0 o 1

001

12 10 o o O 2f

18 o m

Q O 3

SCHEDULE (A.)-INWARDS. Permanent.

Duty. j Drawback.

Cowries, continued* cence for Exportation to Africa, for every loo 1. of the Value Tor the Conditions, Regulation*, and Restrictions under which Cowries may be so imported. See 5 Geo. 3. Cap. 30.*Cows, See Cattle. See also the Note under the Head of Provisions. Cranberries, the Gallon Crapes, See Silk Wrought. £ x. (I. 200 009 & 1 1 -

Crayons, for every 1001. of the Value Cream of Tartar, thee wt. Crout, viz. Sour Ciout, for every 100l. of the Value - See the Note under the Head of Provisiona. Oyftalj viz- — Beads, See Beads. - rough, for every 100 1. of the Value - cut, or in any Way manufactured. 37 10 0 0100 2Q O O 20 O O 25 0 0 13 6 8

for every 100 1. of the Value 37 10 0 25, 0 0

Cubebs, the lb. Cucumbers, viz. pickled, the Gallon — preserved in Salt and Water, for every 1001. of the Value Culm, the Chalder containing 36 Bushels Winchester Measure Cummin Seed, See Seed. Currents, tiz. imported in a British-built Ship, Q 0 6 016 37 10 0 106 004

the cwt. - 1 8 0 0188

Ship, the cwt For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Currants maybe secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 4$ Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. 1 10 0 0 18 8

Cuttle Bones, the 1000 079 052

Cyperus, the cwt. - -D. Pamalk Tabling or Napkining, See Linen. 0 10 0 068

Dates, the cwt. Deal Ends, See Wood.*[-See also 43 G. 3. c. 63. §41.] 2 170 1 18 0

A.D. 1809.

Temporary

or

War Duty. £ x. d. ° r3 4

005

12 10 c 0 5 4

613 4

63 4

12 10 a 002

q o 6

12 10 o

o 6 10

094 Q IO Q

0 2 7 0 3 4

o 19 O

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Deals, See Wood Deer Skins, See Skins.

Denia Raisins, See Railins.

Derelict, Goods Derelict, See Droits of Admiralty.

Diagrydium, See Scammoiy.

Diamonds, Duty free.

Diaper Tabling or Napkining, See Linen. Dice, the Pair

Dittany, the lb.

Dog Stones, See Stones.

Down, imported in a British-built Ship, the to -.

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the lb.

Drawings, coloured, each

- plain, each

Dressing Boxes, See Boxes.

Drillings, See Linen.

Droits of Admiralty, coming within the Denomination of Derelict Flotsam, Jetfam, or Lagan, are not subject to Duty. Drugs, on which specific Duties are payable according to the Quantity, See the several Articles in alphabetical Course.

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty# for every tool, of the Value Duck, See Sail Cloth in Linen.

Dust, perfumed. See Perfumed Dust.

E.

Earthenware, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool. of the Value -

East India Goods, for the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods imported by the East India Company, See Table B.

Ebony, See Wood.

Eels, the Ship's Lading Eggs, the Hundred, containing Six Score See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Elastic Bottles, or Burrachas, See India Rubbers.

Elbing Canvas, See Canvas in Linen,

C. 98. 267

Peraianent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ s. d £ x. d. £ X.

0 16 6 0 0 7* 005 056 O O

009 006 OOJ

OOOO M O H, OOOO 006 0 0 3i 008 004

37 10 05 0 0 12 10 9

O O O — 16 13 4

85O 0 0 6 — 2 13 0 00a

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Eleborus, See Helebore.

Elemy Gum, See Gum Elephants Teeth, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Elephants Teeth may be secured m Ware houses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Eleutheriae Cortex, See Cortex.

Elk Hair, See Hair.

--Skins, See Skins.

Emeralds, Rubies, and all other precious Stones and Jewels (except Diamonds) for every iool. of the Value* -

Emery Stones, See Stones.

Enamel, the lb.

Ermine Skins, See Skins.

Essence, viz.

- of Bergamqt, the ib.

- of Lemon, the lb.

- of Spruce, for every iool. of the Value, -

- of the Produce of, and imported from any British Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in America, for every iool. of the Value — — not otherwise enumerated or described, for every tool, of the

Value -

Eftrich Feathers, See Ostrich Feathers, in Feathers.

- Wool, See Ostrich Wool, in Wool.

Euphorbium, the 11>.

F.

Fan. Mounts, of Leather, for every iool.

of the Value -

Faro Raisins, See Raifms.

Feather Beds, See Feathers for Beds.

Note. — The Duty on Feather Beds is payable according to the Quantity of Feathers contained therein. Feathers, viz.

- for Beds, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

[1See 43 G. 3. tr. 68. $3j

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d £ s. d £. u i.

2100 1 13 4 0 16 8

O O O 368

0 4 6 030 016

029 0 1 10 O Q 11

029 O I IQ 0 Q

20 0 0 13 6 8 <5 13 4

10 0 0'6 13 4 3 6 8

7 10 0 45 0 © 12 ia 0

Hw rh O O 003 0 0

90 O O- 30 Q 0

2 l6 O 17 4 0 18 9

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Feathers for Be is, continued*

- not imported in a Britishi-

built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Relink ions under which Feathers for Beds may be secured in Ware-houses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Oilrich or Eftrich, d refled, the lb.

- undressed, the lb.

- Vulture, for every iool. of the

Value

- not otherwise enumerated or <Je-

scribed, for every iool. of the Value

Fechia Ashes, See Ashes.

Fennel Seed, 1 r> o j

Fenugreek Seed, j ee ee

Fiddles for Children, See Toys.

Figs, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt -

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions under which Figs may 4>e secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duly, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Filtering Stones, See Stones.

Fir Quarters,

- Timber, > See Wood.

Fire Wood, J

Fish, viz.

- Fresh Fish, British, taken and imported in British-built Ships or Vessels, Duty free.

- Britifji, taking and curing, Duty free.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which any such Fish may be imported into Great Britain Duty free. See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Fishers Skins. See Skins.

Fishing Nets, old, See Rags.

Fish Oil, See'Train Oil, in Oil.

Fitches Skim. See Skins.

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

£ S. d

300

0136 o 14 6

£ /. d.

1 17 4

I5 0 I 3 4 0 11 s

0 IO 0 0 6 8 0 3 4

37 10 0 0 0 12 10

37 10 0 25 0 12 10 O

090

090

Temportury

or

War Duty.

£ /. 4. 1 o m

046

o 4 10

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Flag Brooms, Brooms.

Flannel, the Yard.-

Flasks, See Bottles.

Flax, m.

- dreffect, imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt. r

- rough or undressed. imported in a

British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

Flax Seed, See Seed.

Flint Stones for Potters, See Stones, Flocks, the cwt. -

Flotsam, Goods Flofam, See Droits of Admiralty.

Flower Roots, Trees, or Plants, for every 100l. of the Value Flowers, Artificial, not made of Silk, for every idol, of the Value Forest Seed, See Seed.

Foffilfc, not otherwise enumerated or de-

feribed, for every iool. of the

Value -

Fowls, See the Note under the Head of Provisio»>8.

- Tails? }5*Ski"S-

Frames for Pictures, Prints or Drawings.

for every 10. I, of th>e Value Frankincence, the cwt.

French Beans, See Beans.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Fruit, artificial, for every iool. of the Value Furriers* Walle, for every iool. of the Value Furs, See Skins.

Furze Seed, See Seed.

Fustic, See Wood.

G.

Galanga, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. Galbanum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported dirrdtly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Permanent. Temporary.or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

e£ s. d. £ £ s. J-

010 0 0 4

615 6 — 2 5

7 1 0 — 270

003 — 001

He* O 0 — 0 0 i

0 12 0 i 0 8 0 040

20 O O 13 6 8 6 13 4

O O r>. cn — 12 JO 0

20 0 0 Cjo ON CO 6 13 4

37 JO O 12 IO O

0140 O94 048

37 10 0 12 IO 0

37 10 0 12 iO 0

0 0 u 0 0 2 OO I

006 004 0 0 2

009 00 6 0 0 3

016 010 0 0 6

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Galley Tiles, See Tiles. £ 1. d. £ s. di £ j. d.

Galls, the ewt - 070 — '0 2 4

Gamboge, the lb. Game, See the Note under the Head of Provisions. Garden Seed, See ^«; d. Garnets, viz. cut, the lb. - - rough, the lb. Gauze of Thread. for every iool. of the Value Geldings, See Horses. Gem Sal, See Sal. Geneva, See Spirits. 010 0176 060 46 0 0 008 011 8 040 004 0 f 10 020 13 6 8

Gentian, the lb. Gibraltar. For the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions under which Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth or Produdfcion of the Dominions of the Emperor of Morocco may be imported from Gibraltar, on Payment of such Duties only as are or shall be payable on the like Goods, when imported dire£Hy from Africa, See ty Geo. 3. cap. 19. Ginger, viz. the Produce of the British Plantations, Colonies, or Settlements in 003 C92 0 0 r

Africa or America, the cwt. - not the Produce of the British 0146 098 0410

Plantations, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Ginger imported from the West Indies may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. preserved, the lh. 13 0 020 1 2 4 on 2 008

Ginseng, the lb. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Ginseng may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 8y. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Glass, viz. - Bottles, See Bottles, 0 0 Q O 7 003

SCHEDULE (A.)-INWARDS.

Glass, continued.

- broken, fit only to be remanufactured, the cwt.

- rough Plate Glass, and ground or poliftied Plate or Crown Glass, for every iocl. of the Value

- and besides for every Foot superficial Measure

- German Sheet Glass, for every iool. of the Value -

- and besides for every Foot superficial Measure

Glass Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool. of the Value Glass is also subject to a Duty of Excise. Glovers Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the cwt.

Glue, the cwt.

Goat Hair, See Hair.

- Skins, See Skins.

- Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Gold Coin, See Bullion.

- Plate, See Pi ate.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, viz,

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which any Goods or Commodities (except Tobacco, Snuff, and Rice), being the Produce of any Territory, Possession, or Country* not under the Dominion of His Majesty on the Continent of America or in the West Indies, may, under His Majesty's Order in Council be imported into Great Britain from any such Territory, Possession, or Country* and be secured in Ware-houses without Payment of Duty, for the Purpose of being exported to Foreign Parts, and for no other Purjiofe whatever: See 42 Geo. 3. cap 80. revived and continued by Geo. 3. cap. 30. until Eight Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

For the Conditions, Regulations, an<P Restrictions under which His Majesty may, during the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty

Duty.

Drawback.

£ s. d.

oao

£ s. d.

72 o o 026 72 0 0

010

72 o o

030

076

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ /. d

008

24 o o 24 o

24 O ft

010

0^6

V

49° GEO. III.

273

A.D. 1809.

C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Goods? — Wtres and Merchandize, continued. of Peace, grant Licence to British Subjects to import from any Country in America belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or btae, any Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any such Country in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Sti te in Amity with His Majesty, fuKeft to the same Duties as if imported in a British built Ship \ See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 34.

Goose Quill*, See Quills.

Grain, See Corn.

Grains, viz.

- Guinea Grains, the lb.

*--- of Paradise, the lb.

Granilla, the lb. -

Grapes, for every tool, of the Value

- Rape of, See Rape of Grapes.

Grave Stones, See Stones.

Grease, thecwt.

Greaves for Dogs, the cwt.

Grogram Yarn, See Yarn.

Guaiacum Cortex, See Cortex.

- Gum, See Gum.

Guernsey, island of,

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reltr.&ions under which Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produrlion, and Manufacture of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, or A'd^rney, (Salt excepted. See 38 Geo. 3. cap. 89. and Slate and Stones not being Burr Stones, or Stones used for the Purpose of paving or making or mending Roads, See 34. Geo. 3. c^p. 5 I. and 42 Geo. 3. cap. 95.) may be imported from those Islands by the Inhabitants thereof, without Payment of any Duty, except such Excise or o.her Duty as shall be payable for the like Goods of the Growth, Production, and Manufacture of Great Britain, See 3 Geo. 1. cap. 4. But Foreign Goods having been lawfully imported into the said Islands, and Foreign Goods and 49° GEO. III..T

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback. £ s. d £ s. d.

006 013 006 37 io o

004 o o 10

G 1 O OI3

O O 19

Temporary

or

War Duty.

/. d.

0 0 2

005 0 0 a

12 10 o

004

005

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Guernsey, continued. Commodities in Fart or fully nianu-fadlured in either of their, and which may be legally imported from thence in'o Great Britain, are subject to such Duties as are payable for the like Goods when imported from any Foreign Country of which they are the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, See 3 Geo. i. cap. 4. Guinea Grains, See Grains. Pepper, See Pepper. — Wood, See Red Wood in Wood. Gum, viz. Ammoniacus, imported directly from £ s. d £ s. d £ s. d.

the Place of its Growth, the lb. - r.ot imported directly from the 009 00 6 003

place of its Growth, the ib. — 1 Animi, the lb. Arabic, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions under which Gutn Arabic may be secured in Ware-houses without Payment of Duty, &V43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap.'137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 1 26. Cake lac. See Lac in Gum. Cashew, the cwt. — Copal, the lb. - - 016 O06 076 046 0 1 0 010 004 008 006' 002 0 2 01 6 004

- Elemi, the lb. - - I Guaiacum, the lb. - - j Juniper, See Gum Sandrake " Lac, viz. 004^ 0 1 i£ 003 009 0 0 i| 0 0 45

Cake-lac, the lb. 003 0 0 3 001

- Shellack or Seed-lac, the lb. - Stick-lac, the cwt. Opopanax, imported directly from 0 0 05 0 .003 00 li 018

the Place of its Growth, the lb. - not imported directly from the 02 3 Ol6 009,

Place of its Growth, the lb. — Sagapenum, imported directly from 046 0 3 0 01 6

the Place of its Growth, the lb. - not imported directly from the 0 0 6 OO4 0 0 3

Plfcce of its Growth, the lb. Sandrake or Juniper, the cwt. -: Sarcocolla, imported directly from 010 012 0 OOS 080^0 0 '+ 0 0

the Place of its Growth, the lb. - - - not imported directly from the 006 OO4 0 0 3

Place of its Growth, liie lb. 0 .1 0 0 0 8 0 0 4

SCHEDULE (A). — INWARDS.

Gum, continued.

- Seed-lac, See Lac in Gum.

- Senega, the cwt.

- imported from Europe in a

British-built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Gum Senega may be so imported, See 25 G. 2. cap. 32.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rellri&ions under which Gum Senega may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Tacamahaca, the lb.

- Tragacanth, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. - not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not particularly enumerated or de-

feribed, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every tool, of the Value -

Gunpowder, viz Corn Powder, the cwrt.

- Serpentine Powder, the cwt.

Gutting Canva3, See Canvas in Linen. Gypsum, the ton, containing 20 cwt.

- the Produce of and imported from

any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America^ the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

H.

Hair, viz.

- Camel, the lb.

- Cow, Ox, or Bull, the cwt.

- Elk, the cwt.

- Goat or Turkey Goats Wool, the lb

- Hats made of, See Hats.

- Horse, for every iocl. of the Value -

- Human, the lb.

not ot herwife enumerated or described, for every iool. of the Value Hair Powder, the cwt.

- perfumed, or perfumed Dull,

the cwt, -

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

sS x. d. s£ s. d.

7 6 — 026

110 0 V| 0

0 1 3 0 0 10 0 0

0 0 I3H 005 0 0

0 i 3 O O IO O 0

37 10 6 25 0 0 12 10 O

260 i 10 8 0 15 4

190 0 19 4 098

1 0 0 — 0 6

OS 0 0 — 003

oxo % 004

011 6 — 0 3 10

0116 — 0 3 10

003 — 0 0 1

20 0 0 6 13 4

030 OIO

20 0 0 — 6 13 4

6 3.0 a 1 e

8 12 0 a 17 4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. T emporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Hams, See Bacon. \ s. cl., s£ 1. d. e£ S. d.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions. Handfcoops, the Dozen O M Oa O O

Handspikes, See Wood. Hard Wax, See Wax. Hare Skins, See Skins. — — Wool, See Wool. Harp Strings, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Knots O4O 028 ° 1 4.

Hart Homo, See Horns. Hats, viz. — Ball, Chip, Cane or Horse Hair Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet, not exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen - - 069 0 2 3

- each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen 0 jj 6 O46

Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen 230 O 14 4

- each Hat or Bonnet, exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen 460 18 8

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Chip or Straw Hats may be secured iu Ware-houses without Payment of Luty, See43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. J37. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. made of or mixed with Felt Hair, Wool or Beaver, the Hat 1 1 6 0 7 2

Hay, the Load, containing 36 Truflcs, each Truss being jMbs. 0 14 6 0410

Head Matter, See Train Oil in Oil. Heath, for Brushes, the cwt. 0 59 0 in

Relebore or Eleborus, the lb. 003 002 0 0 1

Hemp, viz. dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 300 100

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 3 3 0 1 1 0

vegetable Substance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp and applicable to the same Purposes imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 0 390 3 10 0 1 11

- not imported in a British-built Shi§* the cwt. 066 0 3 10 022

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Hemp, rough or unditiled, 'Continued.

- the Produce of the British

Plantations in America, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Hemp un-dreflbd may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty, &M3 Geo 3. c. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137, and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Seed, tee Seed.

- Seed Oil, tee Oil.

Hermodactyl, the lb.

Jieflens Canvas, tee Canvas in Linen.

Hides, viz*

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the

Hair not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way d\effed.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Hide

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Plide

- Tanned, and not otherwise dreffect, the lb.

- Tails, tee Tails.

r----- Elk, tee Skins.

- Horse, Mare, or Gelding, in the

Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dressed.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Hide

- not impoited in a British-built Ship, the Hide

r - - Tanned, and not otherwise dreffect, the lb.

- Lofli, the lb.

- Muscovy, or Russia tanned or coloured, the lb.

- or Pieces of Hides, raw or un-

dreffect, not particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty, imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, for every tool, of the Value -

- or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise

i

T3

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

x. d> £ s. d. /6 x. d.

0 0 ' 0 X t

006 O O 0 0

006 _ 0 0

016 — 006

In O O H*«O O

O06O O

O M Cv — 0 0 6

O 0 7$ — O © 2\

OIO "-"r OO4

0 2 0 Mr, 0 0

3 IV © — *4 8

e

SCHEDULE (A). — INWARDS.

Hides, continued.

charged wkh Duty, for every " iool. of the Value - — - or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dreffect, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value -

Note — His Majesty is authorised to permit, by Order in Council, any Hides or Pieces of Hides, dressed or undreffect, to be imported into Great Britain in any foreign Ship or Vessel, on Payment of such Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a British-built Ship, See Geo. 3. cap. 29. revived and continued by 45 Geo. 3. cap. 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 48 Geo. 3. c. 24. further continued until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Hides may be fecuved in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Gep.3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

H«g*, See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Hogs Lard, See Lard.

Hones, the Hundred, containing Five

Score -

Honey, the cwt.

Hoofs of Cattle, for every iool. of the Value -

HoOpS,. 172J.

--of Iron, the cwt.

--of Wood, the 1000 -

Hops, the cwt.*--

Horns,

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, the

Hundred, containing Five Score

- Hart or Stag, the Hundred, containing Five Score

- not otherwise enumerated or de-

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

dS /. d.

20 O O

90 o o

o 14 6

096

20 o o

o 15 o 090 580

O 13 6

o 13 6

£ /. d

9 8

0 2 4 090

45 G, 0. c. 99. 12. as to Hops to and from the' Isle of Man.]

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ s. d.

6 13 4

30 o o

o 4 10 032

63 4

0 < o

030

1 16 o

0 12

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Horn*; continued.

scribed, for every iool. of the Value -

Note — His Majesty is authorised to, permit, by Order in Council, any Horns or Pieces of Horns to be imported into Great Britain in any foreign Ship or Vessel, on Payment of such Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a British-built Ship, £>*44 Geo. 3. cap. 29. revived and continued by, 45 Geo. 3. cap 80. 46 Geo. 3.

Cap. 29 and by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 24. further continued until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

Horn Tips, the Hundred, containing 5 Score

Horse Hair, See Hair.

- Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

- Hides, See Hides.

Horses, Mares or Geldings, each

Human Hair, Hair.

Hungary Water, See Spirits.

Hulks or Knubs of Silk, See Silk Knubs in Silk.

Hufie Skins, See Skins.

I.

Jalap, the lb.

f or the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Jalap may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Ueo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap ii6.

Jamaica Wood, See Brazilletto Wood in Wood.

Japonica Terra, See Terra.

Jersey, Island of See Guernsey.

Jefiamine Oil, See Oil.

Jesuit Bark, See Cortex Peruvianus.

Jet, the lb. -

- Beads, See Beads.

Jctfanj, Goods Jetfam, See Droits of Ad miralty.

Jewels, See Emeralds.

lncle, viz.

- unwrought, the lb. 1 -

Permanent. r< mporary

Duty. Drawback. War Duty.

£ s. d. £ /. d £. <L

20 0 0 13 6 8 6 ij 4

0 1 3 0 0 10 VI O O

4 4 0 — i 8

0 1 if o\ 0 0 0 0 4

013 0010 v* O 6

006 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Incle, continued.

- wrought, the lb.

India Rubbers, or Burrachas, the lb.

Indian Corn, or Maize, SeeQoxxi,

Indigo, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Indigo may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 133. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Ink for Printers, the cwt.

Ipecacoanhec Radix, See Radix.

Ireland. The Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on Articles the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, imported directly from thence, are not in any way altered, varied or repealed by any Thing herein contained, See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Iris Root, See Orrice Root.

Iron, viz.

- in Bars or unwrought,

- the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, and imported from thence, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- the Produce of any other Country,

- imported in a British-built Ship,

the T on, containing 20 cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Ton, containing 2q cwt. For t ie Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Iron in Bars may be secured in approved Places, without Payment of Duiy, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- flit or hammered into Rods and Iron

drawn or hammered, less than^of an Inch Square

- imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- Call, for every 1001. of the Value -

- Hoops, See Hoops.

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d £ x. d.

0 3 3 — Oil

003 002 0 0 I

0 0 CO 001

0 13 0 00 CO 0 044

O 14 0 048

420 — 1 7 4

O 0*1 13 4

0 12 6 042.

0 13 6 — 046

20 O O 6 13

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Iron, continued.

- old broken and old call Iron, the Ton

containing 20 cwt.

' — Ore, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Pig Iron, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- the Produce of and imported from the British Plantations in America, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Wire, feWire. lfmglass, the cwt.

- the Produce of, and imported from the British Plantations ii America, the cwt.

Isle of Man, See Man, Isle of juice of Lemons, Limes, or Oranges, the Gallon Juniper Berries, See Berries.

- Gum, See Gum S&ndrake.

- Oil, See Oil.

Junk old, See Rags old.

Ivory", the lb.

K.

Kelp, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt* -

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Kelp may be secured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cip. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Kidney Beans, See Beans.

See also the N ote under the Head of Provisions.

Kid Skins, See Skins.

Kits of Wood, See Pails.

Knees of Oak, See Wood.

Knubs of Silk, See Silk Knubs in Silk.

Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Lace, viz.

- Silk Lace, for every ipol. of the

Value* -

- Thread Lace, viz.

- under cs. the Yard in Value, the Yard. '

[See 43 G. a. c. 68. §32 — 35.]

Permanent. Temporary* or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£. £ s. d. £ s. J.

oil 0 — 038

5 6 — O I 10

0 IX 0 038

050 — 0X8

I 10 0 — 0 10

O 10 0 — 0 3 4

009 O O $ 0 0 3

O 33 — 0 1 t

0 00 On O58 0 2 to

090 O58 030

O O 'O 8 6 8

0 i 6 — 0 0 .6

49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

C. 9S*

SCHEDULE <A.) — INWARDS.

LacC — Thread Lace, continued*

- of «; s. and under i©8. the Yard in Value, the Yard* - of 1 os. and under 15 s. the Yard in Value, the Yard

- of 15s. and under 20s. the Yard in Value, the Yard

- of 20s. and under 25a. the Yard in Value, the Yard

- of 25s. the Yard or upwards, for every ool. of the Value

Lagan, Goods Lagan, Sec Droits of Admiralty.

Lamb, whether Saited or otherwise.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Lamb Skins.)c G1

- Slink. \ S" Skln3>

Lambs, See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

- Wool, See Sheeps Wool in WeoL

Lamp Blacky the cwt. Lapis, viz.

- Calaminaris, the cwt.

- Contrayervx, the oz.

- Lazuli, the lb.

- Tutiae, the lb. -

Lard, the cwt.

Lathwood, See Wood.

Latten, m.

- Black, the cwt.

- Shaven, the cwt. -

- Wire, See Wire.

Lavender Flowers, the lb.

- Water. See Spirits.

Lawns, See Linen.

Lazuli Lapis, See Lapis.

Lead, viz.

- Black, the cwt. -

- Ore, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

--Pig, for every iool. of the Value

- Red, t)ie cwt. -

- White, the cwt.

Leaf Metal, See Metal.

Leather, any Article made of Leather, or any Manufacture whereof Leather is the mod: valuable Part, not ©therwife enumerated or described, for every iool. of the Value Leaves of Gold, the 100 Leaves

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ t. £ c. d. £. d.

026 — 0 0 10

O O — 010

O43 — 0 I 5

Q 5 3 — 019

35 0 0 8 6 8

220 180 0 14 9

050 0 1 3

013 0 0 10 005

020 0 1 4 008

0 0 4£ 003 001

050 " 1 018

© 17 6 on 8 0 $ 10

1 11 6 1 1 0 0 10 6

006 © 0 4 002

026 018 0 0 10

126 0 15 0 076

20 0 0 — 6 13 4

0 5 3 036 0 1 9,

066 044 022

90 0 0 30 0 0

019 © 1 2 007

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Leaves of Roses or Violets, the lb.

Lemons, imported in a British-built Ship, the 1000 -

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the 1000

- Juice of See Juice.

- Pickled, the Tun, containing Gallons -

Lentiles, the Bu'fhel -

See the Note under the Head of Pro-v ikons.

Leopard Skins, See Skins.

Lexia Raisins, See Raisins.

Lignum, viz.

- Quaffia, the cwt.

- Rhodium, See Rose Wood in

Wood.

- Vitae, See Wood.

Lime Stones, See Stones.

Limes, Juice of See Juice.

Limonum Cortex, See Cortex.

- Sal, See Sal.

Linen, plain, viz*

- Cambricks and Lawns, commonly called French.Lawns, plain, the Piece not exceeding Eight Yards in Length, and not exceeding Seven Eighths of a Yard in Breadth -

- exceeding Eight Yards in

Length, or exceeding Seven Eighths of a Yard in Breadth the Piece; and in that Proposition for a greater or less Quantity — Canvas, viz.

- He (Ten Canvass or Dutch Bar-ras, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120 Ells -

- Packing Canvass, Guttings,

Spruce, Elbing, or Queens-borough Canvass

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 Ells. - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells «-

[Sec 40 G. 3. c. 68. §31.]

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

dB s. d. sB s. d. dB s. d+

006 004 O 0

0 12 3 082 041

0 13 0 082 044

2600* 0 6 1 10 8 0 15 4 002

5120 — f 17 4

060 040 02a

076 050 026

1 13 6 1 2 4 0 11 2

1 13 0 1 2 4 11 8

126 0 15 0 07 6

I 36 0 if-. e 0 7 10

CPUTTTMTT 17 /A \ TXTW A Of\P Permanent. Temporary

vlli^UUJLlj (A»J"LrlVVAKJJo* Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Linen, continued. & s. d.£ s. d. l £. s. d.

- Dawnafk Tabling of the Manufacture of Holland, viz. f* - not exceeding I EU 7 in Breadth, the Yard - 063 0 4 2 021

- exceeding 1 Ell i and under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Yard 0 7 3 0 4 IP 025

- of the Breadth of 2 Ells and under 3 Ells in Breadth, the Yard - - 1 0 8 3 0 5 6 029

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Yard 0120 080 040

- Damask Tabling of the Manufacture v of Silesia or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated or described, the square Yard 0x6 0 t 0 006

- Damalk Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Holland, the Yard - 026 0x8 O O IQ

- Damask Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Silesia or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated or described, the Yard 009 006 0 0 3

- Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of Holland, viz. - - not exceeding 1 Ell i in Breadth, the Yard - 0 3 3 022 Oil

- exceeding r Ell 7 and under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Yard 0 39026913

- of the Breadth of 2 Ells and under 3 Ells in Breadth, the Yard 040 028 O I 4

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Yard o 590 3 to 0 1 II

Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture ci Silesia or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated or described, the Yard - 0190x2 007

- ' mi. - Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Holland, the Yard - - - 013 0 HI O O 0 0

- Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Silesia, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated or described, the Yard 009 0 0 6 0 0

Drillings and Packduck, viz. - - imported in a British-buik Ship, the 120 Ells 2 17 6 I l8 4 ' 0 19 2

- not imported in a British-built $hip, the 120 Ehs -.- 300 I 18 4 10 9

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Linen, continued. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ 1, d+

- Flanders Linen, and Linen of the Manufacture of Holland, plain, not otherwise enumerated or described, viz, - not exceeding 1 Ell f in Breadth, the Ell ... 019 012 007

- exceeding 1 Ell*in Breadth, and under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Eli 2 0 014 oof

- of the Breadth of 2 Ells and under 3 E1U in Breadth, the Ell 023 016 909

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Eil 0 3 3 022 0 1 a

- German, Switzerland, Fall Country (except Russia) and Silesia Cloth, plain, viz. - - not exceeding 31^ laches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells I 169146 on j

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells - 1 i3 0 146 0 12 8

- exceeding 3i£ Inches, and not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built Ship, the i2o Elis 3 17 2 IX 8 1 S

- not imported in a Bsatish-built Shb, the 120 Ells - 400 2118 1 6 8

- exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells 59 3 3 19 6 1 19 9

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells - 630*3 19 6 2«

- Hinderlands, Brown, under 22^ Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells*1 1 0 0 14 0 0 7 0

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells 120 0 14 0 0 r 4

- Lawns, viz. - Silesia and all other Lawns, plain, (except Cambrlcks and French Lawns) not bleached in Holland, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length*0 0 o s 8 014

- Silesia and all other Lawns, plain fexcept Cambricks and French Lawns) bleached in Holland, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards fc in Length - 0 Cn O |034 oxS

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

JLine«, continued. — - — Pack Duck, See Drillings in Linen. - Russia Linen, plain, viz. - Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Russia, not exceeding 22$ Inches in Breadth,- imported m a British-built £ s. d. j £ j. d. £ j. (L

Ship the 120 Ells - not imported in a British- 0 1990 13 2 0 6 7

built Ship, the 3 20 Ells -- - Russia Linen, not otherwise enumerated or described, - not exceeding 22^ Inches in Breadth, — imported in a British-built i 1 6 0 13 2 072

Ship, the 120 Elk - - not imported in a British- 103 0 13 6 0 6 9

built bhip, the 120 E1U - - exceeding 22£ Inches and not exceeding 315 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built 1 1 3 0 13 6 071

Ship, the 120 Ells - - not imported in a British- I 12 3 1 1 6 0 10 9

built Ship, the 120 Ells -- - exceeding 31^ Inches and not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, -.imported in a British-built 1 13 6 1 1 6 0 11 2

Ship, the 120 Ells - - not imported in a British- a 8 0 I 12 0 0 16 0

built Ship, the 120 Ells - r exceeding 36 Inches and not exceeding 45 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British built a 10 0 1 12 0 0 16 s

Ship, the 120 Ells - - not imported in a British- 469 2 j 7 10 1 8 11

built Ship, the 120 Ells -- - exceeding 45 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British buiit 486 2 17 10 196

Ship, the 120 Ells - - not imported in a British- 6 @ 0 400 200

built Ship, the 120 Ells -» Sail Cloth, or Sail JDuck, viz. - - not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built 6 46 400 216

Ship, the 120 Ells v -. Pot imported in a British- 2 16 0 — 0 18 8

built Ship, the 120 Elk - 2 19 0 — 0 19 8

boo;

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 98. a? 7

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Perm; Duty. inent. Drawback. Temporary or War Duty.

Linen, — Sail Cloth, Sec. continued. - - exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built £ s. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Ship, the 120 Ells - - not imported in a British- 4 13 6 — XIIX

built Ship, the 120 Ells - 4176 _ 1 12 6

Sail?, for every iool. of the Value - not being chequered or striped, or not being printed, painted, stained or dyed, after the manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the manufacture, and not being otherwise enumerated or described, for 54 10 0 18 3 4

every fool, of the Value chequered or striped, or printed, painted, (tained or dyed after the manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the manufacture, not being prohibited to be imported into or worn or used in Great Britain, and not being otherwise enumerated or described, for every 40 0 0 26 13 4 13

loci, of the Va'ue — German and Russia Linen, chequered or striped, the Thread or Yarn of which the same is made being coloured, stained or dyed before the manufact ure, exported to any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West indie9, in which Description the Bahama Islands and the Bermuda or Somers Islands are included, for every tool, of the 90 0 0 30 0

Value - - and also of the Temporary or War Duty, for every icol. of 87 10 0

the Value - - - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Linen, plain, of all Sorts (except Sail Cloth), may be secured in Ware-shouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Linen Yarn, Set Yarn. JL.inn Boards, See Boards in Wood. Linseed, See Seed. — Cakes, the cwt. 4 QIC 30 0 0 0 0 4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS,

Lion Skins, See Skins,

Lipari Raisins, See Raisins.

Liquorice Juice, See Succus Liquoritiz. ----- Powder, the cwt.

- Root, the cwt.

Litharge, v.; «.

- of Gold, the cwt.

- of Silver, the cwt.

Litmus, the cwt.

Lobsters, Dutyfree.

Logwood, See Wood.

Long Pepper, See Pepper.

Losh Hides, See Hides.

Lucerne Seed, See Seed.

Lupines, the cwt.

Lutestrings, ^Catlings.

Permanent.

Duty.

Drawback.

d.

3*° 200

o 1 3

O I o

026

260 i 6 8

Temporary

or

ar Duty.

£ x. d.

1 3 o

0I3 4

o 10 o S

o o o o

O © IQ

5

4

030

020

1 o

M.

Mace, viz.

- the Produce of, and imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, the lb. imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Redactions under which Mace may be so imported from any Place, See 3 and Ann. cap. 4. 8 Ann. cap. 7. 6 Geo. 1. cap. 21. See also 8 Geo. 1. cap. 18. continued by several Statutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. cap. 29. further continued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Madder, viz.

- Mull, the cwt.

- Root, the cwt.

- of any other Sort, the cwt.

Mahogany, See Wood.

Maize, See Corn.

Man, Isle of.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Cotton Yarn and Cotton Cloth of the Manufacture of the Isle of Man, and BeAials and other Goods, Wfcres, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Island (with Exceptions as to*[Perpetual, fee Cinnamon.]

046 0 5 9

o © 6

030 0.3 o

o 3 10

016 o 1 11

002

O I o OIO

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Man, Isle of, continued,

same Articles) may be imported directly from thence without Payment of any Duties of Culloms, See 5 Geo. 3. cap. 43. and also ao Geo. 3. cap. 4a. 34 Geo. 3. cap. 51. and 45 Geo. 3. cap. 99.

Mangrove Bark, &*Bark.

Manna, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, mid Restrictions under which Manna may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3.

Cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 40 Geo. 3. cap. ia6.

Maps and Charts, the Piece

Marble, See Stones.

Marbles for Children, See Toys.

Mares, See Horses.

- Hides> See Hides.

Marjoram, Isle of See Oil.

Marmalade, the lb. -

- Tdl, Skin». '

Mastich, viz.

- Red, imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- of any other Sort, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

-not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Mails, See Wood.

Matts, viz.

- of Russia, imported in a British-built

Ship, the Hundred, containing Five Score -

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred, containing Five Score

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 1001. of the Value

Matting, viz.

- of Barbary or Portugal, the Yard

49° GEO. III. U

C. 98. 289

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ x. d. £ u d. £ t. £ m

009 0 e 6 O 3

009 - 0 0 3

09 — 003

0 o '6 004 0 0 a

010 008 004

009 0 -o 6 003

oz'6 010 0 06

0 15 0 0 10 0 050

0 1590 10 0 5 3

37 10 0 25 0 0 12 to 0

009 006 00

C. 9 & 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

flatting, continued. £ s. d a£ s. d. £ j. d.

of Holland, the Yard not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the 006 004 002

Value - - - 37 10 0 0 0 <s 12 10 0

Mattresses, for every iool. of the Value Maw Seed, See Seed. 37 10 0 — 12 10 0

Mead, the Gallon -'Sub'jest also to a Duty of Excise. Meal, See Corn. 003 001

Medals, for every iool. of the Value 37 10 0 — 12 to 0

Medlars, the Bushel - - 030 — 010

Melasses, the cwt. - the British Plantations in Ame- 0 15 0 0 10 0 050

rica, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Melasses imported from the West Indies may be f^cured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Melting Poti for Goldsmiths, See Pots. Mercury, vit. 049 1 032 0 17

Precipitate, the lb. — Sublimate, the lb. Metals, vivt.* Bell Metal, the cwt. - Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold) 1 0 1 3 j 0 i 3 f 0 12 6 0010 0 0 10 084 O O £ 005 O42

the Packet containing 230 Leaves prepared for Battery, the cwt. 0 0 4i 220 003 180 O O 1^ O 14 O

Metheglin, the Gallon - Subject also to a Duty of Excise. ! 0 03 i — 0 0 2

Mill boards, the cwt. - Millet Seed, Sec Seed. See also the Note under the Head of Provisions. 3. 3 0 O 14 4

Millium Solis, the lb. Mill Stones, See Stones. Mineral Water, See Water. Minerals, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool. of the -t- O O 003* O O

Value Mink Skins, See Skins. Mohair Yarn, Sec Camel Yarn in Yarn. A!ole Skins, See Skins.^20 0 0 13 6 8 6 13 4

Morels, the lb. - /, Morocco, See Gibraltar, ! 0 I p 012 007

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Moss, vfa5. Rock for Dyers use, the Ton containing 20 cwt. — »not otherwise enumerated or described, £ x. d 1 2 0 £ x, d. £ x. d. 0 7 4

for every 100l. of the Value 20 0 0 13 6 8 6 13 4

Mother of Pearl Shells, rough, the lb. Mules, each - Mum, See Beer. Muftcal Instruments, for every 1001. of the Value - - 006 3 3 0 37 10 0 004 mim 0 0 2 I I O 12 IO O

Musk, the oz. Mufqualh Skins, See Skins. Mu Hard Seed, See Seed. Mutton, whether salted or otherwise. See the Note under the Head of Provisions. Myrobalanes, the cwt. ... Myrrh, imported directly from the Place of 030 070 0 2 0 O I O 0 2 4

its Growth, the lb. - — not imported directly from the Place 0 0 00 O O O 0)+

of its Growth, the lb. Myrtle Berries, See Bernes. Wax, See Bay Wax in Wax. N. Napkining, See Linen. 020 0 1 4 0 0 9

Nardus Celtica, the cwt. 0 12 6 084 O42

Natron, for every 1001. of the Value Necklaces of Glass, See Bracelets. Nell Boxes, See Boxes. Nets, vix. Old Fishing Nets fit only for making Paper or Pasteboard, See Rags. Nicaragua Wood, See Wood. Nutmegs, viz* — the Produce of and imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, the lb. 20 0 0 023 13 6 8 $ IS 4 009

" imported under Licence, the lb. - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rellri&ions under which Nutmegs may be so imported from any Place, See 3 & 4 Anne, cap. 4. 8 Anne, cap. 7. 6 Geo. 1. cap. 21. See also 8 Geo. 1. cap. 18. continued by several Statutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. cap. 29. further continued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.*036 o*4*i

[Perpetual) fee Cinnamon."]

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Nutmegs, continued.

- candied, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil.

Nuts, viz.

- Cashew Nuts, for every tool, of the

Value -

- Chesnuts, the Bushel

- Piftachia Nuts imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the lb. -- - not imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the lb. — small Nuts, the Bushel

- Walnuts, the Bushel

- not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every iool. of the Value Nux Vomica, the lb.

O.

Oak Back, See Bark.

- Boards, See Boards.

- Knees, See Knees of Oak in Wood.

Oakum, the cwt.

Oars, See Wood.

Oatmeal, \ -

Oats, }* Corn*

Oculi Cancrorum, See Cancrorum Oculi. Oil, viz.

- of Almonds, the lb.

- of Amber, or Succinum, the lb.

- of Anniseed, the lb.

- of Bay, the cwt.

- of Cajaputa, the oz.

- of Carraway, the lb.

- of Casia, the oz.

- of Castor, the lb.

- Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

- of Cinnamon, the oz.

- of Clovee, the oz.

- Fish Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

- of Hemp Seed, the tun, Containing 252 Gallons -

- of JefTamine, the lb.

- of Juniper, the lb.

- of Lavender, the lb.

- of Linseed, the tun, containing 252 Gallons

- of Mace, the oz. -

1

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ s. d. £ s. £. d.

050 <»3 4 0 H cc

20 O O 13 6 8 6 13 4

0 2 6 018 O O IO

0 0 6*O O 0 0 2

O 1 O 00 0 0 0O4

OI9 0 12 0 0 7

OI9 0 12 0 0 7

37 10 0 25 O O 12 IO O

009 0 0 6 0 0 3

00 O O \ O O X

006 0 0 4 0 0 2

036 O24 0 2 2

026 Ol8 0 O IO

0160 0 10 8 0 5 4

016 010 OOOO

016 010 0 0 6

0 i (\ 0 10 0 0 6

009 00 6 0 0 3

023 016 0 0 9

030 02 0 OIO

0 1 0 0 0 8 0 0 4

2100 026 01 8 790 O O 20

009 006 0 0 3

023 016 OO9

21 O O 7 0 Q

OI3 0 0 10 0«5

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Oil, continued. £ d. £ s. d £ S dm

- of Marjoram, the lb. 010 012 007

- of Nutmegs, the oz. 01 3 0 0 10 Q © 5

ef Oranges, the lb. — Ordinary Oil of Olives imported in a British-built Ship, the tun, containing 023 016 © 0 9

252 Gallons -. - not imported in a British-built Ship, 9*7 6 6 11 8 3 5 10

the tun, containing 252 Gallons^10 10 0 6 11 8 3 JO 0

- of Palm, the cwt. - - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions. under which Oil of Olives or Palm Oil may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. — perfumed Oil, not otherwise enumerated 040 / 028 014

or described, the lb. 0 2 3 016 0 09

- of Pine, for every 100l. of the Value - — of Rape Seed, the tun, containing 252 37 10 0 25 0 0 12 10 0

Gallons 21 00 _ 7 0 0

Rock Oil, the lb. - - 006 604 0 a 2

- of Rosemary, the lb. — of Roses, See Otto of Roses 0 J 3 0 0 10 095

- of Rose Wood, the lb. Salad Oil, imported in a British-built 0 15 0 0 10 0' 050

Ship, the Gallon -- not imported in a British-built Ship, 0 0 0 2 0 010

the Gallon - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Salad Oil may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132, 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3.cap. 137. and48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. 0 09 Os 020 012

- of Safiafras, the lb. - - — Seal Oil, See Train Oil, in Oil. — - Seed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, the tun, containing 252 0 i 6 0 i 0 006

Gallons - 21 00 — 700

of Spike, the lb. — of Succinum, See Oil of Amber. 009 006 003

- of Thyme, the lb. - - — Train Oil and Blubber, viz. - - Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught by the Grew of a British Ship or Vessel, wholly 0 19 012 O 0

A«13t 1809.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Oil, — Train Oil and Blubber, continued. owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Tun t£ s. d. £ s. i.

containing 252 Gallons* Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island and residing the rein, and imported directly from thence in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun containing 252 036 0 1 a

Gallons ...* Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Islands, or in any British Colony or Plantation in North America, find imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the 0 10 6 036

Tun, containing 252 Gallons» Blubber, the Produce of Fish or 180 — 094

Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons - Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, of Foreign Fishing, the Tun pon- 0 0 M 1 3 4

taining252 Gallons - -- Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of a 14 0 0 4 13 4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Oil, — Train Oil, continued.

British-built Ship or Vessel wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari* or Man, registered and navigated according to Law and imported in any such Shipping, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or

Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Ifla'nd of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, who ly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying orf such Fishery from that Island and refitting the rein, and imported directly from thence in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law^the Tup, containing .252 Gallons -

- Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or

Creatures living in the Sea, taken ant} caught wholly by His Majesty's Subject usually residing in anjj of the Bahama or Bermudas lfl^nds, or in any British Colony, or Plantation in North America, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- Traip Oil, the Produce of Fish or

Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught whplly by His Ma-jefliy's Subject9 usually residing in any other Britiffe Colony, Plantation, Territory or Settlement, and imported in a British-built §hip or Vessel registered and navigate^ Recording to La\y, the Tun, containing 254? Gallons; --

- Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or.

Creatures living in the Sea ojf foreign Fishing,he Tun, containing 252 Gallon* - i

Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter,

ta)ten and caught by the Crf w of

U4

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£. d. £ s. J. --£- 7--j:

0 S3 0 i 9; 7

' - <', V: -r' K, 0,; $ 3

2 2 0 — 0 14 0

5 5 0 — I 15 0

21 0 0 —; ©

A,]

"T SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Oil, — Spermaceti Oil, tee. continued. a British-built Ship or Vessel, wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually redding in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Ton £ d. sS St d. £ t, <k

Containing 252 Gallons £ - Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Istand, and redding the rein, and imported directly from thence in a British-built Ship or Vessel, i*e-gitiered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 252 053 0 i 9

Gallons ? - Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually redding in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Islands, or in any British Colony or Plantation in North America, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel registered and navigated according to Law, the Tub, >59 0 5 i

containing 252 Gallons - T. - Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually redding in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the 330 1 1 0

Tun, containing 252 Gallons - Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, of Foreign Fishing, the Tun, con- 15 15 0 5 5 ©

taining 232 Gallons - - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftr: £tions under which Blubber, Tjrain Oil, Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter maybe admitted*to Entry as British taken and' caught, on Payment of the abotc Duty, (af the 22 I O 770

SCHEDULE (A.) — tINWAEDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty,

Oil, -r — Spermaceti Oil, &c. continued,. Case may be), See the Ad to which this Schedule is annexed.*for the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, Train Oil and all other Fish Oil and Blubber of British Fishing may be secured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132, 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. — of Turpentine, the lb. For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Oil of Turpentine may be secured in Ware-houses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap.87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. £*O 4a £ d. £. 4. 0 0 i

of Vitriol, the lb. - - 003 — 0 0 a

-r Walnut Oil, the Gallon — Whale Oil, See Train Oil. rr not particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty, for 0 2 6 018 ° 0 ip

every iool. of the Value 37 10 0 25 0 0 12 16 w

Pker, the cwt. - -piibanum, imported directly from the Place 0 4 3 0 2 10 0 1 S

of its Growth, the cwt. 1 10 0 190 0 10

Place of its Growth, the cwt. Olive Oil, See ordinary Oil of Olives in Oil. Woed, See Wood. Olives, the Gallon ... Onion Seed, See Seed. Onions, the Bushel Open Tapes, See Tapes. Opium imported directly from the Place of 3 O Q 0 i 6 009 a 0 0 L CO M 00 0 0y 0

its Growth, the lb. — not imported directly from the Place 056 038 0 1 10

of its Growth, the lb. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Opium may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Opoponax Gum, See Gum. 0 11 0 074 038

Orange Flower Ointment, the lb. - [§ 37, 38.] 009 v 0 0 003

29 C-9?. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Permanent; Temporary

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£. d £ s. d. je s. J.

Orange Water, the Gallo# Oranges imported in a Britishi-built Ship, 020 0 1 4 008

the 1000 ... not imported in a British-built Ship, 0123 082 041

the 1000 - — Oil of, See Oil. 0 13 0.082 044

Orchal, the cwt. - 056 _ 0 1 10

Orchelia or Archelia, the cwt. Ordinary Oil of Olives, See Oil. Ore, viz. - — Copper, See Copper. — Gold, See Bull: on. Iron, See Iron. — Lead, See Lead. — Silver, See Bullion. — not otherwise enumerated or described, 0 10 6 036

for every iool. of the Value 1 20 0 0 13 6 S 613 4

Origanum, the lb. - 019 0 12 007

Orpiment or Auripigmentrum, the cwt. 0 18 0 O 13 O 060

Grric* or Iris Root, the cwt. 0180 0 12 0 0 6 0

Orfedew, the lb..-Ostrich Feathers, See Feathers. Otter Skins, See Skins. 009 00 6 003

Otto of Roses or Oil of Roses, the oz. Ounce Skins, See Skins. Outnal Thread, See Thread. Ox Hair, See Brill, Cow, or Ox Hair in; Hair. — Hides, See Bull, Cow, or Ox Hides in Hides. — Horns, See Horn*. — Tails, See Tails. Oxen, See Cattle. See also the Note under the Head of ProYifions. 7 6 050 0 26

Oysters, the Bushel -P. Pack Luck, Fee Drillings in Linen. Packing Canvass, See Canvass in Linen. Pack Thread, See Thread. 009 0 0

Pails or Kits of Wood, the Dozen Painted Paper, See Paper. Painter's Colours not otherwise enumerated 02 6 ' 0 0 10

or described, the lb. Paintings on Glass, for ever}- iool. of the 006 004 002

Value Subject also to a Duty of Excise. Pailing Boards, See Boards in Wood. 37 10 0 12 10 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Permanent.

Duty.

Drawback.

Temporary or

War Duty.

Palm Oil, See Oil.

Panthers Skins, See Skins.

Pantiles, See Tiles.

Paper, viz.

- Brown Paper made of old Rope

or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, the lb.

- printed, painted, or stained Paper or

Paper Hangings, the Yard Square — Waste Paper or Paper of any other Sort not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb.

Parchment, the Dozen Sheets Pasteboards, the cwt* -

Paving Stonds, See Stones.

- Tiles, See Tiles.

Pearl Allies, See Allies.

Pearl Barley, the cwt.

Pearls, for every iool. of the Value

Pearl Sheila, See Mother of Pearl Shells. Pears, the Bofhel -

- dried, the Bushel -

Pease, See Corn.

Pebble Stones, See Stones.

Pellitory, the lb. Pelts, See Skins.

Peneil, for every iool. of the Value Pens, for every iool. of the Value Pepper, viz.

- Cayenne Pepper, the lb.

- Guinea Pepper, the lb.

- Long Pepper, the lb.

Perfumed Dust, See Hair Powder. ----- Oil, See Oil.

Perry, the Tun, containing 251 Gallons Subject also to a Duty of Excise. Peruvian us Cortex, See Cortex.

Pewter, old, the cwt.

Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon Picture Frames, See Frames.

Pictures, viz.

- under Two Feet Square, the Pic-

ture -

r — - — of Two Feet Square, and under Four Feet Square, the Picture - [-See 43 G* 3. c. 68. §3.]

£ s. d

£ /. d.

0 0 6 — 0 0 2

0 09 — 0 0 3

0 1 0 - 0 0 4

0 6 3 0 2 1

2 3 0 - 9H 4

0 11 0 0 7 4 0 3 8

10 0 0 — 3 6 8

O 3 0 _ 0 1 0

O 4 0 MM 0 1 4

O 0 3 092 0 0 1

37 10 0 0 0 12 10 0

37 10 0 25 O 0 12 10 ©

0 3 0 0 2 0 0 1 0

0 1 0 0 0 8 0 0 4

0 0 6 0 O 4 0 0 2

10 15 3 7 3 6 3 11 9

0 18 0 0 12 0 0 6 0

0 3 0 — 0 1 0

2 3 0 0 r4'4

4 6 0 — 1 8 8

SCHEDULE 'A.) — INWARDS.

Pictures, Jt; .' 'nui\i

r--- of Four Feet Square, or upwards,

the i&ure -

Pig Iron, ee Iron.

- Lead, See Lead.

pill Boxes, See Boxes.

Pimento, viq

- of the British Plantations, the lb.

- not of the British Plantations,

the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Pimento, I imported from the West Indies, may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Pine Oil, Sea Oil.

Pink Root, the lb. -

Piony or i'eoni Seed, Set Seed.

Pipe Boards, See Boards in Wood.

Rftachia Nuts, See Nuts.

Pitch, viz.

- «! imported in a British-built Ship, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31^ Gallons

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31^ Gallons -

- the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 \ Gallons

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Pitch piay be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

1 — Burgundy Pitch, the cwt.

Plaister of Paris, the cwt.

Plate, viz.

- battered, fit only to be re-manufactured, See Bullion.

of Gold, the oz. Troy — of Silver Gilt, the oz. Troy

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£. d. £ s. d. £. e. d.

690 — 2 3

006 004 00a

O Q9P 006 003

© 0 6 004 0 © a

0 18 0 — 06

0 19 0 — 0 6 4

0 16 0 — 054

090 060 0 3

016 0 1 0 0 06

286 0 16

040 — 014

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Plate, continued.

- of Silver, Part Gilt, the oz. Troy - - ungilt, the oz. Troy Plate Glass, See Glass.

Platters of Wood, the Dozen Platting, or other Manufactures, viz.

- of Bast, Chip, Cane, or Horse

Hair, to be used in, or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, the lb.

- of Straw, to be used in, or proper

for making Hats or Bonnets, the lb.

Plume Alum, See Alum.

Plumbs, dried, the lb.

Policing Rushes, for every iool. of the Value -

- Stones, See Stones.

Polypodhim, the lb. -

Pomatum, for every iool. of the Value Pomegranates, the 1000

- Peels of, the cwt.

Pomice*Stones, See S'tones.

Porcelane, See China Ware.

Pork, whether salted or otherwise.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Portugal, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal, in South America, See Brazil.

Pot A flies, See Allies.

Potatoes, the cwt.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Pots, viz.

--Melting Pots for Goldsmiths, the

Hundred, containing Five Score — of Stone, for every iool. of the Value Poultry, See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Powder, viz,

- of Brass for japanning, the lb.

- of Bronze, for every iool. of the

Value -

1 — Gun Powder, See in G.

- Hair Powder, See in H.

- Sago Powder, See in S.

7

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

4«d 0 39029

039

o 10 9

009

209o

003 37 10 o 0186 096

013

o 2 0 37 10 o

036

37 10 ©

13 6 8

002 25 o o

014

25 o o

024

23 o o

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ /. d.

o 1

O Oil

OOf

3

o 3

o o

6 13

o o 12 10 o 6 o 3

7

4

1 o

2

z

005

008

12 IO 9

0 2 2 12 10 9

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Precious Stones, See Emeralds. Prints, m.

Duty.

£ s. d.

Drawback.

£ /. d.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ x. d.

- Paper Prints, plain, the Piece

- coloured, for every iool. of the Value Printers* Ink, See Ink for Printers.

Prize Goods, See Table C.

- Provisions.

Note^-His Majesty is authorised to permit, for a limited Time, by Order m Council, the Importation into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever, in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, of any Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivances and all other Sorts of Pulse; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calyes, Sheep, Lambs and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise, Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game and Sour Crout, Duty free, provided due Entry be made. His Majesty is likewise authorised in like Manner to recall such Permission either in part or in the whole, if Circumstances shall seem so to require, See 39 Geo. 3. cap. 87. continued by fubl'equent Acts and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 23. revived and further continued until the 25th March 1S10.

Prunella Sal, See Sal.

Prunelloes, the lb.

Prunes, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- 1 not imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Prunes may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3.

o 1

37 10

o o o 17 o 18

o

o

9

3

o

004

12 IO Q

o 11 6 o xi 6

003

59

069

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Permanent.

Duty.

Drawback.

Prunes, continued.

Cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Pfyllium, the lb.

Puddings, See Sausages.

Pulse, See the Note under the Head of Provisions. v

Pyrmont Water, See Mineral Water in Water.

/. d.

003

£ /. d.

002

Q-

Quaflia Wood, See Lignum Quaflia.

Quebec.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Goods and Commodities of the Growth or Production of any of the Countries bordering upon the Province of Quebec and legally brought by Land or Inland Navigation into that Province, may be imported from thence into Great Britain and charged "with Duty, or be exempt therofiom in like Manner as if such Goods and Commodities were of the Growth or Production of Quebec, and imported xlire&ly from thence. See 30 Geo. 3. cap. 29.

Quercitron, or Black Oak Bark, See Bark.

Quern Stones, See Stones.

Quicksilver, thefb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Quicksilver may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 4£ Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Quills, viz.

" Goose Quills, the 1000

- Swan Quills, the 1000

Quinces, the Hundred, containing 5 Score

Q I ©

Ol6 07 6 026

008

010

050

R.

Raccoon Skins, See Skins.

Radix, viz.

- Contrayervae, the lb.

- Enuhe Campanae, the cwt.

*; Eringii, the lb.

o 1 o 086 003

008

058

002

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ V. i

o o x

004

o o 4

026 o o 10

004 O 2 10 O O X

3°4

49° GEO; nr.

C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Radix, continued.

- Ipecacoanhae, the lb.

- Senekae, the lb. -

- Serpentariae or Shake Ro6t, the lb,

for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictiona under which Radix Ser-pentariae or Snake Root may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Gee.3. cap. 137, and 48 Geo. 3. cap. ix6.

Rag Stones, See Stones.

Rags, old, old Ropes or Junk or old Fishing Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pasteboard, or for the Purpose of Manure, the Ton containing ao cwt.

- imported in a British-built Ship

- not imported in a British-built Ship -

Raisins, viz.

- Belvedere Raisins, imported in a

British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

Denia Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

Faro Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

- Lexia Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

- Lipari Raisins, imported in a British-

built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

- Smyrna Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

- of the Sun, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

o

J. d.

a 3 o o 4

o 16 3 o 17 3

O 13 6

o 14 3 o 12 3 o 13 o

013 6 o H 3 o 14 o

0149o 13 6 o 14 3

015 9

0 16 6 169

1 7. 6

£ /. d.

016

003

009

090 090 082 082 090 090 094 094 09 o o9° o 10 6 o 10 6

o 17 10 o 17 10

A.D. 1&op.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ /. di

009 o o if o o 4I

° 5 3

°59

O46 0 490 4 1 O44 O46

p 4 9

048

O 4 XX 046

049

053

056 o 8 11 092

A.D. 1869. 490 GfiO. III. c. 98. 3°5

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Raisins, ^continued. — not otherwise enumerated or described, — imported in a British-built Ship, dZ s. d. jg d. dZ 4. d.

the cwt. -- - not imported in a British-built 0123 082 041

Ship, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Raisins of all Sorts may be secured in Ware-houses without Payment of Duty, See43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. 0 13 0 082 044

Rape Cakes, the cwt. ' Seed, See Seed. Seed Oil, See Oil. Rape of Grapes, the Tun containing 252 Gallons Ratasia, See Cordial Water in Spirits. Rattans, SeeCanes. Raw Linen Yarn, &vYarn. Silk, See Silk. RedWood, See Wood. Wool, See Wool. Reed Canes, See Canes. 010 0 0

0 0 t". 43 4 2 6 8

Ren nett, the Gallon 0 0 3 002 0 0 1

Resina Jalappae, the lb. 0 4 3 0210 0 1 5

Rhinehurst, the cwt. - Rhodium Lignum, See Rose Wood in Wood. 090 060 030

Rhubarb, the lb. ... For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Rhubarb may be fecimd in Warehouses without Payment of- Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. 026 0 00 0 0 10

Rice, the cwt. - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Rice may be secured in Warthousea without Payment of Duty, Su 43 Geo 3. cap. r32. 45 Geo. 3. rap. S7. 46 Gc«. 3. cap. 137. and 4^ Geo. 3. cap. 126 See aiio the Note under the Head of Pi ovisions. Roch Alum, See Alum. Rock Moss, See Moss. — Oil, See Oil. 049 0 3 2 o x 7

49° GEO. III. X

306 0.9ft..49 0 GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

SCHEDULE (A). — INWARDS. Pern- »anent. Temporary or

Duty. Drawback. War Duty.

Roraanum Vitriolum, See Vitnolum Ko-manum. Ropes of Bast, See Bast Ropes. — new, See Cordage. old, See Ra^s. Rose Copper, See Copper. Rose Leaves, See Leaves. Rosemary, Oil of, J oi] Role-wood, Uil ot, J Roses, Oil of, See Otto of Roses. Rosin or Colophonia, viz. — imported in a British-built Ship, £ /. A. £ / d £'/. V.

the cwt. > 0 CO 0 010

the cwt. - nions or Plantations belonging to 036 0 1 2

the Crown of Great Britai n, t he cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflations under which Rolin may be secured in, approved Place?, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Round Wood, See Wood. Rubies, See Emeralds. Rum, See Spirits, Rye, See Corn. S. Sable Skins, See Skins. 0 2 0 1 0 0 # i 1 i 1

Sacchatum Saturni, the lb. 0 0 6 O 4 002

Safflower, the fcwt. - O56 — O I 10

Saffron, the lb. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restriction8 under which Saffron may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Sagapenum Gum, See Gum. 046 030 0 1 6 I 0 0 A 1

Sago, the lb. - Set the Note under the Head of Provisions. O 0 003

Powder, for every iool. of the Value See the Note under the Head of Provisions. Sail Cloth or Sail Duck, See Sail Cloth in Linen. -vi M O'O O O 12 10 O 1

A>.1). i Sep

49° GEO. III.

3P7

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Sails, Sa? Linen.

Sal,

- Ammoniacus, the lb.

- Gem, the cwt..- -

- Limonum or Acetofella, the lb*

- Prunelle, the lb.

- Succini, the lb.

Salep or Salop imported ditedUy from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

1 --- not imported directly from the Place of iis Growth, the lb.

Selad Oil, See Oil.

Salt imported in a FritifVbuilt Ship, the Wey containing 40 Bushels, each Bushel containing 56 lbs.

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the Wey containing 40 Bushels, each Bushel containing 56 lbs.

Far the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the Importer or Proprietor of any foreign Salt may give Bond for the Payment of the Duties of Customs within Twelve Calendar Months, and which Bond may be cancelled on the Exportation of such Salt within that Period, See 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26. in case the full Duties of Customs on such Salt shall have been paid at or before the Expiration of the said Twelve Calendar Months, and such Salt shall be afterwards exported, the whole of the said Duties shall be drawn back, See 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26.

Salt is also subject to a Duty of Excise, Salt Petre, the cwt. -

Sand Boxes, See Boxes.

Sandrake Gum, See Gum.

Sanguis Draconis, imported directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb

-M- — - - not imported directly from the Place of its Grpwth, the lb.

Saphora, for every 100l. o^the Value Sarcocolla Gum, See Gum.

Sark, Island of See Guernsey.

Sarsaparilla, the lb.

X2

C. 98#

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. & s. d 4 4.

003 0 © 1

050 — 018

030 020 010

003 002 001

0 20. 0 1 4 008

0 0 VO, 006 003

0x6 010 Q 0 6

PS 3 036 0 1 9

060 P 3 6 02

«o 0 O 9O K

P I O p 0 896 4

Q 2 C 90 8

29 O9*3 0 8 6 13 4

O99 \ 906 ? 3

SCHEDULE (A.) -INWARDS. Permanent. T emporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Sarsaparilla, continued. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Sarsaparilla may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty* See 4.3 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. £ /. d £ j. d. £. 1

Sassafras, the cwt. - Oil of, See OIL Saunders, viz. - - - Red, the cwt. - White or Yellow, the lb. Sausages or Puddings, the lb. Scaleboards, the cwt. Scammony, imported directly from the Place 040 026 006 0 0 '9 230 0 0 1 10 1 GO 014 0 0 10 00s 003 0 14 4

of its Growth, the lb — — not imported direct, from the 0 4 0 0 2 8 I 0 1 4

Piece of its Growth, the lb. Scoops of Wood, the Dozen Scratch Bruihes, for every iool. of the 080 c 1 6 O54 I 0 2 8 006

Value Sculptured Marble, See Stones. Sea Cow, Sea Horse, or Sea Morse Teeth, 37 lo 0 O O 12 10 o'

the lb. Sealing Wax, See Wax. Seal Oil, See Train Oil in Oil. Skins, See Skins. Seed, viz p 1 0 1*O08 [ 1 004

- Ammi Seed, the lb. - 003 0 0 2 0 0

Anniseed, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Anniseed may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo 3. cap 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. 1 8 6 O 19 O i 096

- Canary Seed, the cwt. 1 1 6 O 14 2 072

- Carraway Seed, the cwt. 070 048 024

- Carrot Seed, the lb. 0 0 4-: 0 0 3 0 0 it

- Carthamus Seed, the lb. 002 0 0 2 0 0 1

- Clover Seed, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Clover Seed may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. j116. - 060*; )> O4O 020

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Seed, continued.

- Cole Seed, the Quarter containing

Eight Bushels -

- Coriander Seed, the cwt.

- Cummin Seed, the cwt.

- Fennel Seed, the lb.

- Fenugreek Seed, the cwt.

- Flax Seed, the Bushel

- Forest Seed, for every Tool, of the

Value -

- Furze Seed, the cwt.

- Garden Seed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb.

- Hemp Seed, the Quarter containing Eight Bushels -

--the Produce of and imported from the British Colonies or Plantations m America, the Quarter containing Eight Bushels

- Linseed, the Bushel

- Lucerne Seed, the cwt.

- Maw Seed, the cwt.

- Millet Seed, the cwt.

Set the Note under the Head of Provisions.

- Muflard Seed, the cwt.

- Onion Seed, the cwt.

- Piony or Peohi Seed, the lb.

- Rape Seed, the Quarter containing

8 Bushels -

- Rape Seed, Cole Seed, or Hemp

Seed, and all other Seeds not otherwise charged with Duty commonly made use of for the Purpose of extrailing, Oil therefrom (whenever the Pi ice of middling British Rape-Seed shall be at or above 17I 1 os. per last) such Seed being of the Growth of any of the Colonies, Plantations or Provinces belonging to His Majesty in North America, and imported from thence, the Last containing 10 Quarters, each Quarter containing eight Bushels For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which such Seed may be so imported on Payment of the last mentioned Duty, Set

x3

Permanent. 1 Temporary or j War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. & / d. dd dm

0 17 3 0 11 6 0 5 9

060 040 0 2 0

O O 0 068 ° 3 4

003 002 00 1

049 03 2 01 7

003 001

20 O O 13 6 $ <5 13 4

O O 4^ 0 0 1*

O O 003 0 0

Oil 0 — 038

0 0 6 0 02

0 0 3 — 001

063 042 021

£ O O 0 13 4 0 6, 8

0 590 3 10 0 in

0 3 3 022 Oil

1 j 3 0176 089

003 0 0 2 001

0 16 6 - 0 5 6

0 26 — 0 0 10

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Permanent.

Duty

Seed — Rape Sped, &c. continued.

15 Geo. 3. cap. 34. and 30 Geo. 3. cap. 41.

Rape Seed, Cole Seed or Hemp Seed, and all other Seed not ot.herwife charged with Duty, commonly made use of for the Purpose of extracting the Oil therefrom (when ever the Price of middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above 2 oh, per Last) imported in a British Ship from any Country whatever, the Last containing 10 Quarters, each.Quarter < ontaining eight Buftie s Fpr the Conditions, Regulations and.Restrictions under which such Seed may be so imported, on Payment of the last mentioned Duty, See 15 Geo. 3. cap. 34. 30 Geo. 3.

Cap. 41. jSeralfo.35 Geo. 3. cap. 117. continued by several Statutes, by Geo. 3. cap. 2$. further continued until 24th June i8cg» and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 20. made per- petual.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Rape Seed -may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 30 Geo. 3. cap. 41. See also 35 Geo. 3. cap. 117. continued by v several Statutes, by Geo. 3. cap. 3J>. further continued until the 24th June 1809, and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 20. made perpetual.

- Worm Seed, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. >-- - not imported dite&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.*Seed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 1601. of the Value Seed Lac, Set Lac in Gum.

Seed Oil, Sei Oil.

Sena, imported directly from the Place of c, c it© Girowthj the lb.

v not imported directly from the Plade of it$ Growth, thp lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Sena rhay

Drawback.

Temporary or

War Duty.

£ 1. J,

o o 10

o o 9

37 TO 6

009 o i 6

23 o o

o o 6

12 IO ©

003

006

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A). — INWARDS.

Sena, continued,

be secured in Warehopfes, without Payrtient of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. J26.

Senega Gum See Gum.

Senekae Radix, 1 o o j-Serpentarias Radix, J, C 3 1X#

Serpentine Powder, See Gunpowder,

Sharen Latten, See Lattcn.

Shaving for Hats, See Platting.

Slveep, See the Note under the Head of-Provisiont.

--Skins, See Skins.

- Wool, See Wool.

Shellac, See Lac in Gum.

Shells, Mother of Pearl, See in M.

Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and

Furniture, (except Sails)*for every iool. of the Value --- Prize, See Table (C.)

- Tonnage Duty thereon, See Table

(D.)

Shovels of Wood unihod, the Dozen Shruff or old Brass, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt.

Shumach or Surpach, the cwt.

Silk, viz,

--Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the lb.

--Raw Silk, the lb.

*--- Thrown Silk, dyed, tl»e lb. r

v - not dyed, the lb.

--Waite Silk, npt otherwise enumerated

or described, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Raw Silk, Thrown Silk, and Waite Silk may be secured in Warehouses without PayT ment of Duty, See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Wrought Silk, V'Z,

- Crapes or I iffanies of the Manufacture of Italy imported dnedtly from thence, the lb.

Silk-worm Gut, for every tool, of the Value -

Silver Com, See Bullion.

Permanent,

Duty. Drawback.

£ t £ </,

20 0 p

Q 3 6 —

0 1790 li 10

OIO —

9 2 6 0 1 8

Q 4 029

189 0 19

©93 0 6 z

026 0; 8

1 19 0

<37 if*9.s 1;

311

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ /. d.

6 13 4

012

o 5 11

004

o o 10 O I 4i 097

° 3 1 0 o jo

o 13 o U 10 jo

312 C. 98. 49° GEO. III. A.B. 1809,

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Perma Duty. ment. Drawback* Temporary or War Duty.

Silver Plate, See Plate. s€ s. d. £ t. d. £ s. i.

Simarouba Cortex, See Cortex. Singing Birds, See Birds. Sifters Thread, Thread. Skates for sliding, for every iool. of the Value - 37 10 0 12 IQ O

Skeets for Whitfters, the Skeet 0 0 4^ O O If

Skins and Furs,>/». Badger Skins, undressed, the Skin - 0 0 io- 0 0 7 O 0 3 j

« — - Bear Skins, undressed, the Skin 079 O ? £ O27

- imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin o53 j 0 5 3 OI9

- Beaver Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 i 0 OO4

- imported from any British Colony, Plantation, <?r Settlement in America, the Skin 003 0 0 t

- Buck or Deer Skins, See Deer bkins. Calahar, See Squirrel bkins. Calves Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dreffect, - imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen Skins 0 1 3 00 5

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen Skins 34.6 Ol6

- tanned and not otherwise dreffect, the lb. 006 0 0 2

Note. — His Majesty is authorised to permit by order in Council any Calve Skins or Pieces of Calve Skins, dressed or undressed, to be imported into Great Britain in any Foreign Ship or Vessel, on Payment of such Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a British-built Ship, See Geo. 3. cap. 29. revived and continued by 45 Geo. 3. cap. 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 48 G. 3. cap. 24. t further continued until Three Months after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace. — Cat Skins, undressed, the Skin 006 004 0 0 2

- imported from any British Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Sfcin 0 0 6* 0 0 6 0 0 2

- Coney Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins - - 006 0 0 0 0 2.(

Deer Skins, undressed, the Skin -1* 0 0 0 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Skins, — Deer Skins, undreffect, continued.

- imported from any British Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement m.America, the Skin

- Indian, half dressed or shaved, the

Skin -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Indian Deer bkins half drafted or shaved may be fecpred in approved Places without Payment ot Duty, Sec 43 Geo. 3. cap. 1^2. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dracted,

- imported in a British-built Ship,

the Dozen Skins

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Dozen Skins*-

- Dog Fish Skins, undreffect, the Dozen

Skins -

- Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned,

tawed, curried, or in any way dressed,

- imported in a British-built Ship,

the skin

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Skin — ' — Ermine Skins, undreffect, the Skin — Fisher Skins, undreffect, the Skin.

- imported from any British Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin — Fitches Skins, undreffect, the Dozen Skins -

- Eox 5 kins, undreffect, the Skin

- imported from any British Colony,

Plantation, ot Settlement in America, the Skin

- Tails, for every xool. of the Value

- Goat Skins, viz.

- raw or undreffect, imported in a

British-built Ship, the Dozen Skins -

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen Skins

- tanned, the Dozen Skins

Note. — His Majesty is authorised to permit by Order in Council any

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ 4. d. £ 4.

0 0 — 0 0 oj

0 0 4-; 1 0 0 i£

006 002

036 — O 12

0 3 3 022 O X I

O 0 — O O 2j

013 — 0 0 y-

0 0 4! 003 0 0 i

Ol6 010 006

O O VO 0 09 003

0 2 0 014 008

0 0 6 0 04 00 % '

0 0 6 006 002

37 JO 0 25 0 0 12 10 0

019 — 007

080 — 028

2 $ ° 0 14 4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent, Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty,

SkiaSf-^Goat Skins, continued. Goat Skins, dressed or undreffect, to be imported into Great Britain, in any foreign Ship or Vessel, on Payment of such Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a British-built ohip, Sec Geo. 3. cap. 29. revived and continued by 45 Geo. 3. cap. 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 48 Geo. 3. <ap. 24. further continued untiTThree Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. £ s. d. \ i £ s. d £ s. d\

Hair t kins undreffect, the 100 Skins - 0 3 6 024 0 i 2

Huffe'kins, undreffect, the Skin Kid Skins in the Hair, the ice Skins - 003 010 002 0 0 1 o o 4

- dreffect, the 100 Skins — Lamb Skins undreffect, in the Wool* 1 119I 1 2 0 10 7

the 100 Skins -- - dressed in Alum, Salt, or Meal, 060 0 0 0 2 Q

thei 00 Skins 0 1990 13 2 067

- dressed in Oil. the io*> Skins - - Slink undressed in the Wool, the 2123 I 14 19 07 5

100 Skins - 020 a 1 4 008

Leopard Skins, undreffect, the Skin - 060 040 Q 2 O

' Lion Skins, undreffect, the Skin 0 39026 0 13

- Martin Skins, undreffect, the Skin - - imported from any British Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in 016 0 t 0 0 0 6

America, the Skin 009 009 0 0 3

- Tails undreffect, the 100 Tails - 0 10 3 0 6 io O 3 5

- r Mink Skins, undreffect, the Skin - - imported from any British Colony, plantation, or Settlement in 006 004 0 q 2

America, the Skin 006 006 0 0 3

- dreffect, the Skin 0 1 3 0010 0 0 3

Mole Skins, undreffect, the Dozen Skins Mufquafh Skins, undreffect, the ico 003 0 0 0 O I

Skins - 018 c 0120 0 6 0

- Otter Skins, undicffed. the Skin - imported from any British Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in 020 0 1 4 0 0 8

America, the Skin 020 020 0 0 8

Ounce Skins, undreffect, the ckin 049 032 O 17

- Panther Skins, undreffect, the Skin - Pfelts of Goats, undreffect, tke Dozen 060 040 0 2 0

' Pelts - 0 19012 007

- dreffect, the Dozen Pelts - - of all other Sorts, undreffect, the 0 39026 0 13

too Pelts - - 0 1090 '7 2 037

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Skins, continued,

- Raccoon Skin*, undressed, the 100 Skins -

- imported from any British Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America, the 100 Skins --Sable Skins, undressed, the Skin

- Tails or Tips of Sable, undressed,

the Piece -

- Seal Skins, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in anyw y dressed,

- imported in a Bhtish-built Ship,

the Skin -

not imported In a British-built Ship, th^ Skin

- cuied with Foreign Salt, and imported in a British-built ^hip, the Skin -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which such Skius fliay be so imported upon Payment of the said Duty, See 31 Geo. 3. cap. 26. continued by subsequent Acts, by Geo. 3. cap. 35. further continued until 24th June 1809, and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 20. made perpetual.

- Sheep Skins, undressed, in the Wool, the Dozen Skins

- dressed in Oil, or otherwise, or

tanned or tawed, the Dozen Skins -

1 — Squirrel or Calabar Skins, undressed, the 10c Skins -

- tawed, the 100 Skins -

- Tails, for every 100L of the

Value -

- Swan Skins, undressed, the Skin

- Tyger Skins, undressed, the Skin — r- Weasel Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins -

- Wolf Skins, undressed, the Skin

- imported from any British Colony

or Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin

- tawed, the Skin

- WolVeritigs, undressed, the Skin

-imported ffOmany British Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty*

£ s. d. dS s. d. {£ s. d.

5 5 0 17 0 0 8 6

090 090 030

0 5 3 036 019

009 0 0 i§ 009 0 0 006 0 0 3 0 0 of 003 0 0 o

0 1 4i 0 Oil*1H 0 0

0 590 3. 10 0 III

0 7 3 0 4 IO 025

Oil 0 O 7 4 038

<1 0 05 00 12 IO O

0 1 44 0 0 11 0 0 5§

060 040 0 2 0

030 c 2 0 O.I O

0 79052 0 2 7

026 026 0 0 10

0 11 0 074 038

O49 032 017

016 016*0 0 6

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Skins and Furs or Pieces of Skins and Furs, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Skins and Furs not tanned, tawed, or in any Way dreffect, may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132.

45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Skins and Furs or Pieces of Skins and Furs tanned, tawed, curried, or in any Way dreffect, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value -

Slate, See Stones.

Slate Pencils, for every iool. of the Value -

--Tables of

Slates in Frames

Slick Stones

Smalts, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Smalts may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Smyrna Raisins, See llaifins.

Snake Root, See Radix Serpentariae.

Snuff, thelb. -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Snuff may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, until delivered

out of such Warehouse for Home Trade or Consumption in Great Britain, See 29 Geo. 3. cap. 68.

Snuff is also fwbjedt to a Duty of Excise.

Snuff Boxes, See Boxes.

Soap, yi*.

- *0- Ashes, S.e Allies.

- Hard, the cwt.

- Soft, the cwt.

Soaper's Waste, the Ton containing 20 cwt. Socotoruut Aloes, See Aloes.

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Dnty. Drawback.

£ /. d di s. d. £ s. d.

37 10 0 25 0 0 12 VO G

90 0 0 30 0 c

37 10 0 0 0 c. 12 IO 0

006 O O 0 0 2

0 1 0 — 4- O O

it

2 12 6 — 0 17 6

2 5 ° — q 15 0

020 0 0' 8

Stones.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Soar Crout, See Crout.

Spa Ware, for every iool. of the Value

- Water, See Mineral Water in Water.

Spanish Wool, See Wool.

Speckled Wood, } See Wood'

Spelter, the cwt.

Spermaceti, vt

- Candles, See Candles.

- fine, the lb.

- Oil, Train Oil, in Oil.

Spike, Oil of, See Oil.

Spikenard, the lb.

Spirits, viz.

- Arquebusade, the Gallon

- Brandy, imported in a British-built Ship, the Gallon

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Gallon

- Citron Water, the Gallon

- Cordial Water, or Strong Water,

not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon

- Geneva, % imported in a British-built

Ship, the Gallon

- not imported m a Britishi-built

Ship, the Gallon

- Hungary Water, the Gallon

- Lavender Water, the Gallon

Rum, the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Gallon For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Rum imported from the West Indies may be secured in Warehouses, without* Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- of any other Sort, the Gallon

- Usquebaugh, the Gallon

- the Produce of the Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, its Territories or Dependencies, the Gallon Spirits not particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty, the Gallon Spirit* are subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

x. d. £ x. d.

17 10 0 0 O

0180 0 12 0

0 0 0 —

c 190 12

036 O24

0 I OO9

0 I 3 OO9

069 O46

0 3 6 O24

0 1 1^OO9

0 1 3 O09

0 3 d O24

036 1 O24 1 j

0 o9i 0 0 6 1

0 0 loi OO 7

036 O24

0 0 vo 0 0 6

036 0 2 4

31*

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ x. d. 1210 o

060 0 0 ii

OO7 0 12

6 O 4I

o o 5 023

O 12

o o 4t

005 0-12 O I 2

0 0 3

O O 3i 0 12

O OL.-# 0 12

4pe G£(X Iir.

A.D. 1809.

318 C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

' Spirits, continued.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Brandy, Geneva, and other Spirits may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. j37. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Spokes for Wheels, See Wood.

Sponge, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. Spouts of Wood, for every 100I, of the Value Spruce Beer, See Beer.

- Essence of, See Essence.

- Canvas, See Canvas in Linen.

Squills, the cwt.

Squinanthum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Squirrel Skins, See Skins.

Stag Horns, See Horns.

Stained Paper, See Paper.

Starch, the cwt. -

Statuary, See Sculptured Marble in Stones. Statues of Marble or Stone, sculptured, See Sculptured Marble in Stones,

- of any other Sort, for every 1091.

of the Value -

Stavesacre, the cwt. -

Staves, See Wood.

Steel, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool of the Value -

Stibium, See Antimonium preparatum.

Stick Lac, Se* Lac in Gum

Sticks, ii %. Walking sticks, for every iool.

of the Value Stock Fish, the 120 -

dockings, viz.

S.----- of Cotton, for every iool. of the

Value of Thread or Worsted, for every

iool. of the Value

Permanent. Temporary' or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

s. d. /. d. je. 2

0 1 3 O 0 JO 0 0 5

026 018 0010

37 10 0 — 12 10 0.

0 3 3 022 0 I I

006 004 002

0 10 0 0, 8 004

600 — 200

37 10 0 25 0 0 12 10 0

0176 on 8 0 5 10

37 10 0 — 22 10 0

370 0 _ 12 IO 0

029 O O 11

- 54 0 0 — l8 O O

37 «> 0 — I. to

K.l

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Permanent.

Duty.

Drawback.

£ s. d £ s. d £ /. d.

280 1 12 0 0 16 0

3 18 0 2120 l 6 Q

013 0 O iO 005

37 10 0 0 1 6 25 0 0 12 10 0 006

016 010 006

00 6 004 0 0 2

003 20 0 0 002 001 <5 13 4

Temporary

or

War Duty.

Stone, viz.

- Burrs for Mill Stones, the 100 containing j Score See the Note under the Head of Guernsey.

- Dog Stone % not exceeding Feet in Diameter, above 6 and under 12 Inches in Thickness, the Pair.

- Emery Stones, the cwt.

- Filtering Stones, for every 1001. of the Value -

- Flint Stones for Potters, the Ton

containing 20 cwt.

- Grave Stones of garble, poliflied, the Foot square, superficial Measure -

- unpoliflied, the Foot square,

superficial Measure

- not of Marble, poliflied or un-

poliflied, the Foot square, superficial Measure

- Lime Stone, for every 1001. of the

Value

- Marble Basons, Tables, Mortars, and

other polished Marble, (except Grave Stones and Paving Stones, poliflied) the Foot square, superficial Measure -

- Marble Blocks, the solid Foot

- Marble Bulls, See Sculptured Marble.

- Chimney Pieces, feulptured, See

Sculptured Marble.

- Statues, S*e Sculptured Marble. --- Marble Paving Stones, poliflied, the

Foot square, superficial Measure -

- rough, the Foot square, super-

ficial Measure.

- Mill Stones above Feet in Diameter,

or if 1 2 Inches in Thickness or upwards, the Pair Paving Stones, not of Marble, the 100 Feet square, superficial Mca-sure -

S: e the Note under the Head of Guernsey.

- Pebble Stoues, the Ton containing

20 cwt.

- Polishing Stones, for every 1001. of the Value -

3

020

040

006 003

7 4 o 07 6

086

2© O O

© I 4 0 2$

OO4 0 0 2

416 Q

0 5 0

o 5 8 1368

o o S 014

002,

001

So'

026

O 2 I©

6 13 4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Stone, continued.

- Pomice Stones, the Ton containing 20 cwt. -

--Quern Stones under 3 Feet in Diameter and not exceeding 6 Inches in Thickness, the Pair

- Three Feet in Diameter and not

above Feet in Diameter and not exceeding 6 Inches in Thickness, the Pair - — - Rag Stones, for every icol. of the Value -

- Sculptured Marble and Statuary, the

cwt.

Note. — By 41 Geo. 3. cap. 89. if any Statue, Group of Figures, or other Stone or Marble Ornament carved out of the same Block shall exceed One Ton Weight, the Duty to be charged thereon shall be elfimated at the Rate payable for One Ton Weight, and no more.

--Slate, the Produce of the Islands of

Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, and imported from those Islands respectively, for every 1001. of the Value of any other Country, not other-

wife enumerated or described, for every 100L of the Value -

--Slates in Frames, the Dozen

- Slick Stones, the 100. -

- Statuary, See Sculptured Marble.

- 7 Stone, the Produce of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney or Man, and imported from those Islands respectively, for every iool. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Burr Stones and Stones used for the Purpose of paving or amending Roads, being the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney or Man may be imported, Duty free, See 42 Geo. 3. cap. 95.

- Stone, sculptured, See Sculptured

Marble.

- Whetstones, the Hundred containing

Five Score -

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d. <s£ X.

1 I 0 0 14 c 070

° 5 6 038 0 I 10

0 11 0 074 0 38

20 0 0 13 6 8 6 13 4

0 r9 007

26 8 0 8 16 0

0 0 N 14 0 0

0 j9 — 007

05.0 018

26 8 a 8 16 0

056 c x

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Stone, ' not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value Stone Bottles, See Bottles.

Storax, or Styrax, viz.

...Calamita or Liquida, imported di-

reftly from the Place of itfe Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. > — in the Tear or Gum, imported directly from the1 Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. Straw Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

- Platting, See Platting.

Stuffs of all Sorts made of or mixed with Wool, the Yard Sturgeon, the Keg not exceeding Five Gallons -

Styrax, See Storax.

Succades, the lb.

Succini Sal, See Sal.

Succinum, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil of Amber in Oil.

Succus Liquoritiae, or Liquorice Juice, the cwt. -

Sugar, viz.

- not of the British Plantations, viz.

- White or clayed Sugar, the cwt.' -

- Brown or Muscovado Sugar,

the cwt.

- of the British Plantations, viz.

- White or clayed Sugar, the cwt.

- Brown or Muscovado Sugar,

the cwt.

For the Rules, Regulations and Conditions under which the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury are authorised to suspend, according to the average Price of Sugar as published in the London Gazette, either is. in the Hundred Weight, 2s. in the Hundred Weight, or 3^. in the Hundred Weight, being Part of the Temporary or War Duty on Sugar, See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

49° GEO. III. Y

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. '£, j. d. £ /. d.

O O " 14 0 0

0 090 0 6 003

0x6 O I O 006

0 5 3 O 36 019

0 10 6 0 7 0 036

076 — 026

046 — ox 6

020 — >008

010 OOS 00 4

1 17 6 — 0 22 6

Co 6 O — 1 6 8

2 $ 0 T- 0 18 0

i 3 11 — 0 XX X

206 — f 096

fC^PULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Sugar, continued.

Drawback.

- If the average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, published in the London Gazette, shall not exceed 40s the cwt.

- it shall exceed 408. and not exceed 45*. the cwt.

- 45s. £nd not exceed 50s. Do.

- #5bs. and not exceed j$s. Do.

- 58s. and not exceed 60s Do.

- 6qs. fmd not exceed 62s. Do.

- 62s. and not exceed 64s. Do.

- 64s. ^nd not exceed 66b. Do.

- 608. and-not exceed 68s. Do.

- 68s. and not exceed 70s. Do. — — if it shall exceed 708. the cwt. no

Drawback to be flowed.

All the above Prices are to be taken exclusive of the Duties of Culitoms paid /or payable on the Importation of fuph Sugar.

Note. — rOn the Exportation of Sugar o^ tl^e British Plantations a Drawback of the Whole of the Temporary or War Duty imposed and paid on such Sugar is to he flowed$ bpt in ease the average rrice of Sug^r as published in the London Gazette, shall be such as to authorize the Lordp Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to suspend the pay-ir^nt of any Part of the Temporary or Vfar Duty on Sugar, then the f Drawback to be allowed on the Expqrtation of Sqgar of the British, Plantations^ fh^Jl bp reduced in proposition, viz. Oqe Shilling, Two Shillings, or Thrpe Shillings, the Hundred Weight, as the Case may be, on the Exportation of any such Sugay from Great Britain in any other than a British Ship or Vessel ownejl, Navigated, and registered according to Law, there shall be paid or allowed One Shilling less Drawback for every Hundred Weight thereps, than if the same had been exported in a British Ship or Vessel so owned, navigated, and registered.,

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ si d £ s. d £ u d.

120 —

1 1 0 —

- 100 —

- I Q O —

- O l8 0 —

- 0 16 0 —

- 0 14 0 —

- O 12 O —

- 0 10 O —

O 8 O -

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Sughr, continued.

For the Rules, 'Regulations, and Restrictions under which the Drawback bn British Plantation Sugar is to be allowed, See 49 Geo. 3. cap. 11. whiph Act is to, continue in force for the Fort of London, until the i jth Day of March 1810, and for the other Parts of Great Britain until the 23th Day of March 1810.

- Refined Sugar, the cwt.

Note. — The Duties on Sugar imported into Great Britain are to continue in force until the 23th Day of March 1810.

See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

[§7.]

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Sugar may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 G60, 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap^ 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Ge. 3. cap. 126.

Sugar Candy, v'z.

- Brown, the cwt.

- White, the cwt. -

Sulphur, Impressions, for every iool. of the Value -

- Vivum, See Briraftone.

Sun, Raisins of the See Raisins.

Swan Quills, See Quills.

- Skihs, See Skins.

Sweep-Walhers Dirt, containing Builion, See Bullion.

Sweet Wood, See Wood.

Swine, See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Syrup of Alkermes, See Alkermes.

Tables of Marble, polished, See Marble in Stones.'

- 7 — of Slate, See Stones*

Tacamahaca Gum, See Gum.

Tails, viz.

- Buffalo^ Bfill, Cotv, or Ox Tails, the Hundred containing Five Score -

- MwSrlills, } Skin'-

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ d. sS d. £ u

5 15 © — 2 13 4

12 6 14

5 >5 0 Ut 4

37 10 6 12 i*

0 3 §6*6 3

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Tails, continued.

- Sable Tails, \ c Q,

- Squirrel or Calabar Tails, / bk, n8'

Talc, the lb. -

Tallow, imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the owt.

His Majesty is authorised to permit, by Order in Council, Tallow to be imported into Great Britain in any Foreign Ship or Vessel, on Payment of such Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a British-built Ship, See Geo. 3. cap. 29. revived and continued by

45 Geo. 3. cap. 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 24. further continued untilThree Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Tallow may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Tallow Candles, See Candles.

Tamarinds, the lb.

Tanners Waste, for every iool. of the Value

Tapes, viz.

- open, for every tool, of the Value

- worsted, for every j ool. of the Value

Tapestry, not of Silk, for every iool of; he Value Tapioca, the lb.

See the Note under the Plead of Provifibn8.

Tar, viz.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Last, containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31- Gallons - — not imported in a British-built Ship, the Last, containing T2 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 £ Gallons -

r — The Produce of any of the Dominions > or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, the Last, containing

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ x. d. £ t. d. sS x. d.

0 0 +' 003 00 i

0*0 — 008

0 2$ 0 M O O

0 0 4* 003 O O l

20 0 0 — ^13. 4

37 10 0 — _ 12 10 0

37 0 — 12 10 0

0

37 10 — 12 10 0

0.0 3 OOI

0 13 6 090 04 6

0 14, 6 0 V. 0 O 4 19

1 SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS..Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

Tar, continued. 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceed- £ s. d. aS s. £. d.

ing 31^ Gallons For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Tar may be secured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. 1 0 12 -3 G$2 0 41

Barbadoes Tar, the lb. 003 O O .2 0 01

Tares, for every 10 A. of the Value See the Note under the Head of Provisions. 20 0 0 6 13 4

Tarras, the Bushel Tartar, Cream of, See Cream of Tartar. Tea imported from Europe under Licence, for every 100l. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Tea may be so imported. See 18 Geo. 2. cap. 26. 6 Geo. 3. cap. 13. and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 51. Subject also to a Duty of Excise. 0 0 0 0 NO 0 0 6 6 0 0 0 0 3

Teasses, the xopo - O I 0 __ 004

Telescopes, for every icol. of the Value Terra, viz. Japonica, the lb. - - — Sienna, the cwt. ... - Umbra, the cwt. Ve-r^e, the cwt. - - Thread, viz. Bruges Thread, the Dozen lbs. - Cotton Thread, for every iool. of 37 10 0 0 0 6 1 0 0 076 0100 0 19 3 004 12 10 0 002 068 026 0 3 4 065

the Value - - Outnal Thread, the Dozen lbs. Pack Thread, the cwt. Sitters Thread, the lb. — Whited Brown Thread, the Dozen 54 0 0 130 0 IQ 3 0 5 3. — 18 0 0 078 0 6 5 019

lbs. - — not otherwise enumerated or described, for every tool, of the 1 3 0 078

Value - Thrown Silk, See Silk. Thyme, Oil of See Oil; oi vr O 0'12 10 0

Tieking, for every iool. of the Value 37 >° 0 — 12 10 0

Ticks, for every iool. of the Value Tifsanies, See Silk wrought in Hlk. Tiles, viz. 37° 0 12 10 9

Flanders Tiles, the icoo Y 3 0 18 3 0.12 2 of 1

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

S€Ii]E(DU1j£< )"*INWARDS» Duty. Drawback.

Tiles, continued. £ i. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

- Galley Tiles, the Foot square 0 "o 4$ 003 0 0 ii

- Pan Tiles, the 1000 — - — Paying Tiles not exceeding 10 Inches 380 2 5 4 1 2 a

square, the 1000 - - exceeding 10 Inches square, the 270 111 4 0 15 8

1060 - — - Plain Tiles or any Tiles not otherwise enumerated or described, for 3 0 2 10 8 1 5 4

every iool. of the Value Timber, Sec Wood. 50 0 0 33 <5 8 16 13 4

Tin, the cwt.'Tineal, Sec Borax unrefined. 39*3

Tin Foil, for every iool. of the Value 37 10 0 — 1210 9

Tobacco, the 100 lbs. ... Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture in Great Britain, and afterwards manufactured according to Law, into Short-cut Tobacco, Shag Tobkcco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, and exported, the 2 11 3* 0 12 6

100 lbs. - - tFor the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftp&ions under which Tobacco may Be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Ejuty until delivered. out for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture in Great Britain, See 29 Geo. 3. cap. 68. 31 Geo. 3. cap. 47. 33 Geo. 3. cap. 57. 43 Geo. 3. cap. 68.* 43 Geo. £. cap/ 132. 48 Geo. 3. cap. 85. 48 Geo. 3. cap. 109. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Tobacco is subject also to a Duty of Excise. 2 10 O

Tobacco Pipes, for every iool. of the Value Tongues, viz. 1 — - Neats Tongues, the Dozen — Rein Deer Tongues, for every 50 O — .1613 4

0 13 1 1 0 0 5

iool. of the Value - !-See the Note under the Head of Provisions. k Tonnage, Duty on Ships or Vessels entering inwards (except in Ballast) in any Port of Great Britain from foreign Parts, See Table D. O O O c 13 4

Tooth Powder, for every iool. of the Value ? [1 9, 29, 30.] 37 19 0. 12 10 9

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C-9$. 3^7

SCHEDULER A,) — INWARDS. < Permanent. Temporary, air War Duty.

I)uty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. (k £ s:

Tornfal or Turnsole, the cwt. 0 6 3. — or 2 I

Tortoise Shelly the lb. - - 0 2 6 018 O 0 10

Touch Stones* for every Tool, of the Value 20 0 0 — )6 '13

Tow, imported in a British-built Ship, the

cwt. — not imported in a BritiHi-built Ship, 060 0 4 0 r a' O'

the cwt. - 0 6 6 Q 4' Ov.«r 2* a7

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Tow niay

be fecOred in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132- 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.* > 1 .*j

Toys, for every tool, of the Value Tragacanth Gum, See Gum. Train Oil, Set Oil. 37 lo 0 \ t a ia- e- /

Trays of Wood, the Dozeti ] 0 1 0 mmm o\ o*- 4

Treacle of Venice, the lb. Tree-nails, See Trunnels. 023 01 6 0*' 09j

Trenchers of Wood, the Gross containing

12 Dozen - - 0 1 3 — v 0*

Trustees, the lb. 036 — > «r 1* ar

Trunnels or Tree-nails, the 1000 Tubes for -smoaking*. for every tool, of the 0 4 9* r

Value -, 37 10 0 — 12 l0'f 0*

Tubs of Wood, for every tool, of the Value Turbith, imported directly, from the Placq; of its Growth, the lb. - not imported directly, from the 37 Jo 0 i \ It1 IO(r o»v

016 O I 0 o, r 0 6 t

Place of its Growth, the lb.' Turbots, Duty free. 030 0 a o' 7 oy 1*

Turmarick, the lb. - Turnery, not otherwise enumerated: or de-fcnbed, for every xool. of the HCi O O 0 01 3 > > em 0 0

Value ... Turnsole, See Tornfal. Turpentine, v'z. 37 10 0»-JU )

common, the cwt. 0 2? 9. O- MO'*or o-i r -

- of Venice, S&o, or Cyprus,

the lb. O' 0 6- OO4 00a

- of Germany or any other Place not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftrhftious under which Turpentine 0 16 6 O II' o' .1 o »- 5; 1 '

may be secured in -approved Places without Payment of Duty, See

43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45; Geo. 1. 3..,;, /O' ' '

y4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Turpeqtine, continued.

' cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Turpentine, Oil of, See 03.

Tutiae Lapis, See Lapis.

Twine, the cwt.

Twiftfor Band Strings, Band String Twill

Tyger Skins, See Skins,

V.

Vaionia, the cwt.

Vamish, the cwt.

Vases, m.

of Stone or Marble, sculptured, See Sculptured Marble in Stones.

of any other Sort, for every iool. of the Value -

Veal, whether felted or otherwise.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Vellum, the Skin -

Velyes, See Calves Velves.

Verdegris, viz.

1 — Common, the lb.

- crystallized or otherwise manufactured, the lb.

Verjuice, See Vinegar.

Ve/micelli, the lb. -

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Vermillion or Cinnabar, the lb.

Users,. See Wood.

Vinegar or Verjuice, the Tun containing 252 Gallons Vinelloes, the lb.

Violet Leaves, See Leaves.

Vitriol, Oil of See Oil.

Vitriolum Romanum, imported directly from he Place of its Growth, the lb.

- ; not imported directly

from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Umber, the cwt.

Vomica Nux, See Nux Vomica. Usquebaugh, See Spirits.

Vulture Feathers, See Feathers.

W.

Wafers, the lb.

AVainfcot Boards, See Boards in Wood.

Permanent.

Duty.

o 19 6

016

o 11 o

37 10 0 q 46

o p 6 026

9 1 3

38 15 o 0 10 6

4: i

OO9

076

OO9

Drawback.

d.

074

O O 10

003

O' 6

Temporary

or

War Duty.

<e s. I

066

006 03 a

12 10 Q

e i 6

002 o o 10

o o i\

005

12 18 4

036

0 0 ij

003

2 6

03

SCHEDULE (A.) — -INWARDS.

Wainscot Logs, See Wood.

Walking Canes, See Canes.

- Sticks, See Sticks,

Walnut Oil, See Oil.

Walnuts, See Nuts.

Washing Balls, See Balls.

Waste Silk, See Silk.

Watch Glasses, for every iool. of the Value Subject also to a Duty of Excise. Watches of Gold, Silver, or other Metal, for every iool. of the Value Water, viz.

*--Arquebusade,)

- Citron, I

- Cordial, ^See Spirits.

- Hungary, j

- Lavender, J

- Mineral or Natural Water, the

Dozes Bottles or Flaikt, each Bottle or Stalk not exceeding Three Pints -

- Strong Water, See Cordial Water

in Spirits.

Wax, viz.

- Bay or Myrtle Wax, the lb.

Beea Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt. — White or manufactured, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Bees Wax may be fecnrtd in Ware-houses without Payment of Duty, See43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Hard Wax, the lb.

- Sealing Wax, for every iopl. of she Value --

- Candles, See Candles.

Weafcl Skins, See 9kins.

Weed Allies, See Aihes.

Weld, the cwt.

Whale Fins, viz.

- taken and caught by the Crew

of a British-built Ship or Vessel wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects ufuaUv reading in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, registered and navi-

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ x. d. £ e. «F.

72 0 0 — 24 0

O O to — 1 % 10 0

026 — 0 0 so

0 0 005 0 0 2*

2 2 0 1 8 0 O 14 0

3 18 0 2 12 O l6o

016 OIO O O O

37 10 0 12 IO O

019 0 12 O07

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Whale Fins, continued. £. i s£ /. d.

gated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Ton containing

20 cwt. - and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts ad- 1 10 0 0 to

jacent wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island and residing the rein, and imported directly from thence an a Britishu-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the i

Ton containing 20 cwt. His Majesty's Subjects, ufu-lly residing in any of the Bahama or Bermudas I (lands, pr in any B<iti{h Colony or 2 0 0 -, 03. 4 j

Plantation in North America, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the rl\>n containing t i

20 cwt. - His Majesty's Subjects usually residing! in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, and imported in; a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, 3 ' 100 [

the Ton, containing 20 cwt. — of Foreign Fishrag, the Ton G 0 — 1 <5 8

containing 20 cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Whale Fins of Brkish Fishing may be secured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137* and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. N For the Conditions, Regulations ind Restrictions under which Whale Fins may be admitted to Entry as 0 0 0 20 0*0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Whalef ins, continued.

of British Fishing, See the Act to, which this Schedule 4s annexed. Whale Oil, See Oil.

Wheat, See Com.

- Flour, See Com.

Whetstones, See Stones,

Whipcord, the lb.* m -

Whisk Brooms, See Brooms.

White Boards For Shoemakers, See Boards in Wood.

Wicker Ware, for every ioqI, of the Value Wick Yam, $pYarn.

Wine, viz.

- French Wine imported in a British-

built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - r

- exported to any British Colony

or Plantation in America, to any British Settlement in the East Indies, to China, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- exported to any other Place, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons -

-= HZgj Wtoi, }»*>

- >Madeira Wine, imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

r - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- exported to any British Colqny or Plantation in America, to Brazil^ or any other of the Territories or Possessions. of the Crown of Portugal in South Apierica, or to any of the Territories of the United States of Apierica, the Tun containing 25, 2 Gallons

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ d. £ 4. d. £ vi

0.6 O C s

3?, o 0 - 12 IO

6$ 13 6 -

0 0 0 In

59 i? 0 1

MM 54 1* 0.-

44: 3 0.

47 6 6 —

39. i& 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wine,. — Madeira Wine, continued. - - exported to any other Place, the Tun containing 15a Gallons - — - Portugal Wine, imported in a British-burlt Ship, the Tun containing 252 £ s. £ s. d. 36 15 0 £ t. i.

Gallons - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 43 1

Gallons - exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil or any other of the Territories or Possessionn of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons exported to any other Place, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - — Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, 7 - - imported in a Britishi-built Ship, 46 6 0 39 18 0 3<S »5 0 —

the Tun containing 252 Gallons - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South.America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - - exported to any other Place, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - — Spanish Wine, vi %. - - Spanish Red Wine, imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, 65 13 6 "

O 1 1 O 59 <5 6 54 1 6 —

containing 2 52 Gallons - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 55 1 0

252 Gallons - exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories ot Pof-sessions of the Crown of 58 6 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Permanent.

Temporary-

Duty. Drawback.

or

War Duty.

Wine, — Spanish Red Wine, continued.

Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gails.

- exported to any other Place,

the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- Spanish White Wine, imported in

a British-built ^hip, the Tun, containing 252 Gallo* s r - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any British Co-

lony pr Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or I'of-sessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Ter-rif ories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons, - exported to any other Place,

the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

Wine not otherwise enumerated or described,

- imported in a British-built Ship,

the Tun, containing 2j2 Galls.

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any British Colony or

Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any other Place, the

TTin containing 252 Gallons'- — Wine entered for Prisage in any of those Out-ports in England and Wales, where the Right of Prisage has not been purchased by the

£ x. d.

43 1 o

46 6 o

£ x. d\

51 18 o 48 15 o

£ X. d.

398 ©

36 15 o

43 1 o

46 6 o

39 18 o

36 15 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wine etttertd for Prisage, &c. continued. Crown under the Authority of the A$s of the 43 Geo. 3. cap. 156. and 46 Geo. 3. cap. 79. wz, — French Wine imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, con- £ £ t. £. t. d.

taming 252 Gallons not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, con- 59 6 0

taining 252 Gallons ± - exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pof-sessions of the CroWn of Portugal in South America, to any British Settlement in the East Indies, to China, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gal- 62 3 0

lons -± - exported to any other Place, the Tun, containing 232 S3910

Gallons - German Wine* J See Rhenish Hungaty Wine, J Wine. -r Madeira Winfe, imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 2$ 2 Gallons^- not imported ih a British-built SHip, the Tun, con- 493 7

39 18 0

taining 252 Gallons - exported to any British Colony or Plantation in Atoife-rica, td Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessidns of the Crown of Port dgal in South Arne -rica, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the 42 3 0

Tun > cdntaining 252 tails. -i - exported to any other Plade, the Tun, containing 25 2 mmm 35 13*r-

Gallons - - - Portugal Wide, imported id a British-built Ship, the Tuii, 33*5

containing 2^2 Gallons»38 16 2 -

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wine entered for Prisage, &c. continued,

# Portugal Wine, continued,

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons - exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pof-fdlioits of the Crown of Portugal in South Ame- rica, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 352 Gallons

- exported to any other Place,

the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- Rhcnisti, German and Hungary Wine, imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the Tun containing 232 Gallons

- exported to any British Co*

lony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pof-sessions of the Crovrn of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any other Place,

the Tuai containing 252 Gallons - - Spanish Wine, viz,

- Spanish Red Wine, imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Galls.

- not imported in a Bri-

tflh-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any British

Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or Any other of the

Duty.

sS <r. d*

41 t 6

5 6 6 o 59 6 o

50 16 2 S3 1

Drawback.

£ I

Temporary dr

War Dnty.

s. d.

35 13 2 33*5

50 1 3 46 7 6

3i«

49° GEO. III

A.D. 1 Bog*

C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wine entered for Prisage, See. continued.

Spanish Red Wine, continued

'Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 25s Gallons

- exported to any other Place, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - - Spanish White Wine, imported in a Britiftvbuilt Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -'-_ - - not imported in a Britishi-

built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, dr to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any other Place, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - — Wine so entered lor Prisage, not otherwise enumerated or described, - - imported in a British-built Ship,

the Tun containing 252 Gad-Ions -

- not imported in a British-built

a, the Tun containing 252 ons

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of

Permanent Temporary or War Duty.

- Duty. Drawback.

£ /., d. £ t. £ t. d.

473

- +5»5 —

38 16 2 -

41 i 6

353 a

- 33*5 —

36 14 0 -

3896

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

'Wine entered for Prisage, &c. continued.

America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons % - x-

- exported to any other Place,

the Tun containing 232 Gallons -

Wine is subject also to a Duty of

Excise.

for the Conditions, Regulations, and: Restrictions under which Wine may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap 126.

wine Lees, subject to the same Duty as Wine, but no Drawback is allowed on Lees of Wine exported. Winteranus Cortex, See Cortex.

Wire, viz.

- Brass or Copper not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt.

- Gilt or Plated, for every 100l. of the

Value -

- Iron, not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt.

- Latten, the cwt.

Silver, for every iool. of the

Value — Steel, the lb.

- Virginal Wire of Brass, Copper, or

Iron, the lb.

Woad, viz.

Green Woad, the cwt.

- Thouloufe Woad, the cwt.

Wolf Skins, 1 c ct

Wolverings, j Skins.

Wood, viz.

*» — Anchor Stocks, viz.

- imported in a British-built Ship,

the Piece

-^not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Piece

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the Piece

49 Geo. III. 2

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty, Drawback.

sd s. sd t. d. <d s.

- 33 10 10 — '

31 6 1

3 ia 0 1 4

37 Jo 0 — 12 10

3 15 0 — 1 5 0

3 90 130

37 Jo 0 12 10 0

0 1 i| — '0 0

0 1 7£ 0 0 6

0 29O I IO 0 0 11

0 $ 6 © 3 8 0 it©

5 3 036 019

056 036 Oil©

006 — © © 2

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wood, continued\ — Balks, viz. - - under 5 Inches square and under 24 Feet in Length, — imported in a British-built t£ 1. d., £ s. d £ s. d.

Ship, the 120 — not imported in a British-17, 3 1182 0 19 r

built Ship, the 120 - - 5 Inches square and under 8 Inches square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards, - imported in a British-built 2 18 182 0 19 5

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- 7 139526 2 II 3

built Ship, the 120 - - of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di- 7 16 6 526 2 12 2

redily from thence, the 120 - — Battens, viz. - - 8 Feet in Length and not exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness, - imported in a British-built 0 10 3 0 3 5

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- 3 69246 12 3

built Ship, the 120 - - exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, or if exceeding 2J Inches in Thickness, - imported in a British-built 3*3 246 I29

Ship, the 120 - ( - - not imported in a British- 6 13 6 490 246

built Ship, the 120 — Batten Ends, viz. - - under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding Inches in Thickness, imported in a British-built 6 16 6 490 256

Ship, the 120 - not imported in a British- 126 0 V) M O 076

built Ship, the 120 1 3 3 0 15 0 0 7 9

SCHEDULE (A). — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

Wood — Batten Ends, continued. - - under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness, - imported in a. British-built £ /. £ /. d. £ d»

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British-59 1 10* 6 0 15 3

built Ship, the 120-J fcattens and Batten Ends of all Sorts, of the Growth and Pro-du6tion of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence* the 270 1 i& 6 00 O

120 - -» - Beech Plank, v! % - - 2 Inches in thickness or upwards, imported in a British* built Ship, the Load, con-53 019

taining 50 Cubic Feet* not imported in a British* built Ship* the Load, ^combining 50 Cubic 1 169s 6 6 i 3

Feet* - of all Sorts of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di- 1 n 6 10-69TO 6

re6tly from thence, the 120 - under $ Inches square, and under 24 Feet in Length,» - imported in a British-built 5 3 0 x 9

Ship, the 1*0 -not imported in a British*»i7 3 2 18 2 0 19 1

built Ship* the 120*- 5 Inches squate and under 8 Inches square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards,imported in a British-bu3t a 18 3 1 r8 2 0 19 5

Ship, the 1*0*- not imported in a British* 739S t 6 2 it 3

built Ship, the 1201»- of all Sorts under 3 Inches square, of the Growth ancf* Production of the British > Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di-re6tly from thence, " the 1 j 16 6 ! 526 a 12 a © 3 i

120*Zi Y> 3 I

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wood, continued. - Beech Boards, viz. - under a Inches in Thick-ness, and under 15 Feet in Length, - imported in a British- £ x. d. £ s. d.

built Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 216 6 1 17 8 0 18 10

120 - under 2 Inches in Thick-ness, and if 15 Feet in Length or upwards, - imported in a British- 2 19 0 1 17 8 0 19 S

built Ship, the 120 - - not imported in aBri-tish-built Ship, the 5 13 0 3 15 4 1 17 8

120; - Clap Boards, viz. - - not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches square, imported in a British- 5 18 0 35 4 1 19 4

built Ship, the 120, - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 1 18 6 i 158 0 12 i#

120 r - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from 1 19 6 '.1 5 8 0 13 2

: thence, the 120'-^Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoemakers, viz. - - under Feet in Length, and under 6 Inches in Thick riefs, - imported in a Britishi- 7'-9 02;

r 1 built Shij), the 1.20 - - not imported in a Bri-w tish-built Ship, the 4 $ 3 217 6 189

120 - 4 Feet in Length, or 6 Inches in Thickness, or upwards, - imported in a Bri-tiih-built Ship, the 490 2 17 6 .198

120.1 8126 5.15 0 t 1; f

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. i emporary

Duty. Drawback. or^War Duty.

Wood — Boards, Linn Boards, continued. - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the £*d. tS x.r £ /. d.

120 - Mill Boards, See in M. - Oak Boards, viz, under 2 Inches in Thick ness, and under 15 Feet in Length, - imported in a British- 8180 5 iS 0 2 19 4

built Ship, the 1*0*- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 5 14 0 3 16 0 1 18 0

120 - - under 2 Inches in Thickr ness, and if 15 Feet in Length, or up-yards, '- imported in a British- 5180 3 16 0 I 19 4

built Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 1180 ^1 M N O 3 16

120 - Paling Boards, viz. - - hewed on one Side, and not exceeding 7 Feet in Length, - imported in a British- 11 16 0 7 12 O 3 18 8

built Ship, the*20 - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 1190 7 10 0 3 11

120 - - hewed on one Side, and exceeding 7 Feet in [ Length, — imported in a British- O 12 3 0 7 10 © 4

built Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the -I 6 0 15 8 0 7 10

120 - - Pafle Board, See in P. - - Pipe Boards, viz. - - above 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length and not exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and under 3 Inches Square, - imported in a British- 14 6 0 15 8 082

built Ship, the 120 - not fmported in a British-built Ship, the 2 1791 18 6 0 19 3

12 0'- 2 18 6 1 18 6 19 6

34* ^49° dO# III. A.DliIo

CPUrnTTT c* y A \ f % fw A9-TVf Permanent. Temporary

bLliLDuliL v* <ARDS. Duty. Drawback or War Duty,

Wo od- Boards, Pipe Boards, continued. - exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and under 8 Inches square, - imported in a British- 4 t. d. £ 1. el. £ e.

built Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 5 ?5*3 ?7 P I iS 4

120 - - of all Sorts, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inchetin Length, and under 8 Inches square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from 0 3 17 0 1 19 0

thence, the 120*>.*Scale Boards, See in S. - - Wainscot Boards, viz. - - the Foot containing 12 Feet ta Length and f Inch in Thickness, and so in Proposition for any greater or lesser Length or Thickness, - imported in a British* built JShip - - not imported in a Bn- O 12 3 0 4 1

0.190 1 2 ° 0 7

tish-built Ship pi Boards x»f all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly O O 012 008

from thence, the wo - - — Bowsprits, See Mails. Boxwood, of the Growth and Pro- a iduction of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively. 0 5 3 019

the Ton containing 20 cwt.*- - of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Plac$, or if otherwise imported, the Ton containing I I O 0 0

20 cwt. - — ' Brazil Wood, not particularly enumerated or described, orothemife O O lr» 3 <5 8 1 ?3 4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wood — Brazil Wood, continued. charged with Duty, the Ton &. d. £ t. i. & /. d.

containing 20 cwt. 300 — 100

Ton containing 20 cwt. Cam Wood, the Ton containing 0 10 6 — 036

20 cwt. - — Deals, viz. - - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding Inches in Thickness, - imported in a British-built 1 4 0 080

Ship, the 120»- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 3 5 0 a 3 4

120 - - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3^ Inches in Thickness, (except Deals not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 1 - Inch in Thickness, )»- imported ir. a British-built 369 a 3 4

Ship, the 120 r - not imported in a British- 6 n 3 4 7 6 2 3 9

built Ship, the 120 m - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3J Inches in Thickness, - imported in a British-built 6 16 0 4 7 6 2 5 4

Ship, the 120*- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 13 a 6. 8 15 0 476

120 - above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding Inches in Thickness, - imported in a British-fcmilt 13 12 0 8 15 0 4 10 8

Ship, the 120 - npt imported in a Brfttfh- 16 50 10 16 8 5 8 4

built phip, the 120*- above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 2t Feet in Lengths Z 4 1 6 13 6 10 16 8 5 11 a

344

49° GEO. III

A.D. 1flep-

C*9?t

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wood — Deals, continued.

and exceeding Inches in Thickness, r - imported in a British-built Ship, the 12Q r - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

- Deal Ends, viz.

- above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3J Inches in Thickness,

- imported in a British-built bhip, the 120 - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120*- above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length and exceeding Inches in

Thickness,

-imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -r — Deals and Deal Ends of all Sorts,

of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 -

m* Ebony, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if- otherwise imported, the Ton containing 2QTxwt.

- Firewood, viz.

- the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6

Feet high,

- imported in a British-built Ship -, A

- not imported in a British-built Ship

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or plantation^ in America, and

Permanent. Temporary or War Duly.

Duty. Drawback.

aS t. d. £ /. d. £ /. 4

31 13 6 2124 10 11 2

3Z 3 6 2124 1014 6

491910 0 14 it

266 1910 0 ij 6

469 2 17 IO 1 8 it

4 10 0 r 2 17 IO 1 10 0

0 5 3 - 0 1 9

0 13 0 — 0 4 4

15 12 0 10 8 0 540

O Os O 0 4 0 020

063 040 021

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 98. 345

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

\ Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wood — Firewood, continued. imported directly from thence, the Fathom 6 Feet £ s. d. £ s. d. £ t.

wide and 6 Feet high Fir Quarters, viz. - - under 5 Inches square and Under 24 Feet in Length, imported in a British-built 00 6 99

Ship, the 420 - - not imported in a British- s 17 3 1 18 2 01 g t

built Ship, the 120 «? - - j Inches square and under 8 Inches square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards, - imported in a British-built ? 18 3 1 18 2 0 19 5

Ship, the 120 - r not imported in a British- 739j a 6 2 ii

built Ship, the 120 - of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di- 716 6 526 3 12 3

re&ly from thence, the 12 Fir Timber, See Timber. — s Fustick, the Ton containing 20 dwt. r Guinea Wood, Sec Red Wood. v Handspikes, viz^ - - under 7 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built p 10 3 0 15 6 — «3 S 0 5

Ship, the 120 - not imported in a British- 0 15 0 0 10 0 050

built Ship, the 120 - 7 Feet in Length or upwards, - imported in a British-built 0 15 6 0 10 0 o5z

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- 1 10 0 1 00 0 10 e

built Ship, the 120 r - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations ip America, and imported directly from thence, - under 7 Feet in Length, 1 11 0 100 0 10 4

the 190 - - 7 Feet in Length or up- 0 1 4| — '0 0 Si

wards, the 120 y... — Knees of Oak, viz. ? - under 5 Inches square,- imported in a British-built 029 0 O II 1

Ship, the 120 07 6 j 01 |' O 2 6

49° GEO. 1U,

A.D. 1Xop,

34$ C. 98.

SCHEDULE /A 1 TIOTAUDS Permanent. Temporary

uvilLI/ U*i»< (A, "ii4 W AIVL/O. Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wood — Knee* of Oak, continued. - - not imported in a British- £ /, d. £ s. d. £ /. 1

built Ship, the 120 - - 5 Inches square and under 8 Inches square, - imported in a British-built 080 650 028

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- 3*6 2 10 10 6

built Ship, the 120 - 8 Inches square or upwards, imported in a British-built Ship, the Load con- 3 4 3 2 10 1*5

taining 50 Cubic Feet -- - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic 0 19 6 0 13 0 066

Feet - of the Growth and Production of the Brkish Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence,- under 8 Inches square, the 1 1 0 O 13 O 070

1208 Inches Square or upwards, the Load con- 0 5 3 mmm 019

taining 50 Cubic Feet - — — Lathwood, viz, - in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high, -imported in a British-built 0 36 0 12

Ship - - not imported iq a British- 1 109x 0 6 0 10 3

built Ship - - in Pieces 5 Feet in Length or upwards, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high, - imported in a British-built 1 12 0 106 0 10 8

Ship - - not imported in a British- 2 j91 10 6 0 15 3

built Ship»- of the Growth and Production, of the British Colonies or Plantations in America and imported directly from thence, in Pieces of all Sorts, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide 269 1 10 6 0 15 7

and 6 Feet high — - - Lignum Vitae, of the Growth and Production of the British Co- 0 39 0 1 3

SCHEDULE { A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary*

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty*

Wood — JJgnum Vitae, continued* ionics, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence re-ipo&i'vely, the Ton contirining 20 cwt. -r - of the Growth and Production of any other Co untry or Plsce, or if otherwise imported, the £ s. d. 070 £ 4- d. £ 4. d. 024

Ton containing 20 cwt.--r — r- Logwood, the Ton containing 20 cwt. mudas or of any of the Bahama Islands, and imported directly from thence respectively, the a 18 <5 0 591 19 0 0 19 6 0 1 11

Ton containing vo cwt. p flf the Growth of the Brkiih Limits within the Province of Yucatan, in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said Bay, the a 8 0 I 12 © Of 60

Ton containing 20 cwtf -e*wot imported directly from 1 Bermudas or from any of the Bahama Islands, or not imported directly from the Bay of Honduras; or any Mahogany being of the Growth of; any other Country or Place, the Ton con- 1 a 8 0 I 12 0 0 16 0

taining 2Q cwt. — Mails, Yawls, or Bowsprits, viz. 1 - - 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches, - imported in a British-built 5100 1 12 O 1 16 8

-Ship, each - - not imported in a British-030 .020 0 10

built Ship, each - - 8 Inches in Diameter, and funder 12 Inches, - imported in a British-built'0 3 6 O 2 0 012

Ship, each - - not imported in a British-built Ship, each - - 12 Inches in Diameter, or upwards, r - - imported in a British-buHt Ship, the Load contain- 08 3 056 029

O89 0 5 6 0211

ing 50'Cubic Feet I06 x> 13 t 0 6 jo

Permanent. Temporary

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wood: — fyjafts, Yards, Sec. continued, — - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic £ s. d. r. d\ s£. d.

Feet*- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, r - 6 {nches in Diameter, and 1 i 6 0 13 8 072

under 8 Inches, each -- - 8 Inches in Diameter, and 020 014 0 O S

under 12 Inches, each - - iz Inches in Diameter, or upwards, the Load cor53 0 3 6 0 1 9

taining 50 Cubic Feet -F^r the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, may be imported from thence Duty free. Sec 46 Geo. 3. ^ap. iijf. continued by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 19. to the 25 th March 1810.; — Nicaragua Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt. - - Oak Plank, vi %. - - 2 Inches in Thickness, or up^ wards, - imported in a British built, Ship, the Load con- 0 19 3 0 16 6 0 12 10 65 <? 5 6

taining 50 Cubic Feet -- not imported in a British -built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic 1 \6 9*4 6 > 3

Feet - of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di- 1 18 0. 146 0 12 8

re&ly from thence, the 120- — Oak Timber, See Timber. 1 - Oars, m. »*imported in a British^built Ship, 5 3 019

the 120 - - ne t imported in a British-built 44 <5 3 j o, i 11 6

Ship, the 120 - -» - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or 417 6 V Oo P.1 12 6

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. III. C. 9 & 349

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wood — Oars, continued. Plantations in America, and imported directly from £ x. d. £ x. d. £ t. d.

thence, the 120 Olive Wood, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton containing 0 12 3 0 4 1

20 cwt. - of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, containing 0 79 P 2 7

20 cwt. - Red or Guinea Wodd, the Ton, 5 7 0 3 n 4 1 1 s

containing ao cwt. Rose Wood, the cwt. — Round Wood, viz. — in Pieces under 8 Inches square and under 6 Feet in Length, — imported in a British-built 140 1 890 19 2 080 097

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- 1 8 3 0 iS 10 095

built Ship, the 120 - in Pieces under 8 Inc hes square, and if 6 Feet in Length or upwards, - imported in a British-built 193 0 18 10 099

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- 216 6 1 17 8 0 18 10

built Ship, the 120 - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence in Pieces of all Sorts, under 8 Inches 2 18 6 1 17 8 0 19 6

square, the 120 — Spars, viz. - under 22 Feet in Length, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, imported in a British-built 020 008

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- 1790 11 10 0 5 11

built Ship, the 120 - 0189 0 11 xo 0 $ 3

SCHEDULE (A.) -INWARDS.

Wood — Spars, continued.

- 22 Feet in Length or up-

wards, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120

- 4 Inches in Diameter, and under 6 Inches exclusive of the Bark,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120

of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all Sorts under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120

- Speckled Wood, of the Growth

and Production of thp British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements m Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton containing 20 cwr.

- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Spokes for Wheels, viz.

- not exceeding 2 Feet in

Length*

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 000- - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 1000 -

- exceeding 2 Feet in Length,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the toco

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 1000 -

- of all Sort 8, of the G owth and

Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. t Drawback*

£. d. £ jv d» £di

1 1091 06 0 10 3

1 12 0 106 0108

369 246 123

393 246 1 3 1

0 10 3 — 0 3 5

0 10 3 — 0 3 5

5 10 0 33 4 1 16 8

226 184 0 14 z

a 4 3 184 0 14 9

4 5 0 2 16 8 1 8 4

4 8 6 2 16 8 190

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARD8. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wood — Spokes for Wheels, continued. America, and imported di- £ X. d. £ x. d. £ x. d.

redtly from thence, the 1000 - — Staves, viz,. - - not exceeding 36 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built O40 0*4

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- 083 Q $ 6 0 % 9

built Ship, the 120 - - above 36 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in breadth, imported in a British-built O 00 056 O 2 IQ

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- 0 15 6 0 10 4 O £ 2

built Ship, the 120 - - above 50 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 60 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built 0 i£ 0 0 19 4 0 5 4

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- x 0 6 0 13 8 0 6 10

built Ship, the 120 - above 60 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thicknef, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built 1 1 .3 0 13 8 07 X

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- 1 10 3 102 0 10 i

built Ship, the 120 - - above 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, '*- imported in a British-built in 0 a 102 0 10 4

Ship, the 120*- not imported in a British- 1 24 3 1 2 10 0 11 5

built Ship, the 120 1 16 0 1 2 to.0 12 0

3

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wood — Staves, continued

- Staves, being the Growth and Production of any of the United States of America, or of the Growth and Production of East or West Florida, and imported directly from thence respectively, not exceeding Inch in I hick-ness, shall be charged with One Third Part only of the Duties herein before imposed on Staves.

- above 3 Inches in Thicknef, or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Leng h, shall be deemed Clap Boards and pay Duty accordingly.

- above 3 Inches in Thickness, or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and exceeding 5 Feet 3*Inches in Length, shall be

deemed* Pipe Boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly f om thence, of all Sorts not exceedingjjo Inches in Length, the 120

- of all Sorts, exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120

- Sweet wood, of the Growth and

Production of the British Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- Timber, viz.

- Fir Timber, of the Growth

of Norway, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

*£ /. d. £ s. di £ u

009 003

c 1 6 — 0 0 6

0 10 3 — 0 3 5

6 14 6 498 2 4 10

SCHEDULE (A^INWARDS.

Wood — Fir Timber, fcc. continued.

square, and not exceeding 10 Inches square,

- in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

not in a British-built Ship,

the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

- exceeding 10 Inches

square, in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet,

not in a British-built Ship,

the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

not otherwise charged with

Duty, 8 Inches square or upwards, imported in a British-built Ship, the Load!, containing 50 Cubic Feet

not imported in a British-

built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and im-x ported directly from thence, 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load, containing jo Cubic Feet

- Oak Timber, viz.

- 8 Inches square or upwards,

imported in a British-built

Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the Load, containingjoCubic Feet

<of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet 49° GEO. III. A a

Permanent. j Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ /. £ t £ t.

093 062 —

096 062 —

106 0 13 8 0 6 to

1 t 6 0 13 8 0; j a

to 6 0 is 0 6 10

t 1 6 0 ?$ 8 078 i

0 t 6 — 006

0 tg 91; 0 0 6 €

to 6 0 r s0 0 6 it

0 3 6 I 0 1 a

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wood — Oak Timber, continued. - - of all Sorts not particularly enumerated or described, or other wise charged with Duty, being 8 Inches square or up-, wards, - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, con- £ £ s. d. £ t. d.

taining 50 Cubic Feet -- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic 106 © 13 8 061©

Feet -.- - of all Sorts not particularly enumerated or described, or, otherwise charged with Duty, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, being 8 Inches, square or upwards, the Load, 1 1 6 0 13 8 073

containing 50 Cubic Feet - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Timber, fit for naval Purposes of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in North America may be imported from thence Duty free. See 46 Geo. 3. cap. 117. continued by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 19. until 25th March 1810. — —User8, viz. - under 5 Inches square and under 24 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built 0 1 6 906

Ship, the 120 -- - not imported in a British- 2 J7 J 1 18 2 0 19 1

built Ship, the 120 - - 5 Inches square and under 8 Inches square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards, imported in a British-built*18)1 18 2 0 19 s

Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British- 7 13952 6 xiiS

built Ship, the 120 of the Growth and Production "of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 7 16 6 S* 2 12 2

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. III.

0.98.

355

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wood — Users, continued.

of all Sorts under 8 Inches square, the 120 - — Wainscot Logs, viz.

- being 8 Inches square or up-

wards,

- imported in a Bri: ifh-built

Ship, the Load con-0 taining 50 Cubic Feet -

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dife6Uy from thence, being 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

- Yards, See Masts.

Wood, unmanufactured, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, not particularly* enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 1001, of the Value -

Wood, unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value

- imported in a British-built Ship

- not imported in a British-built

Ship ... For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Mahogany, Staves, Timber, and other Wood, may be secured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Wood Ashes, See Ashes.

Wood Scoops, See Scoops.

Wooden Clocks, Clocks.

Wool, viz.

Beaver Wool, the lb.

- cut and combed (except combed in Russia, and imported from Aa

Permanent.

Duty.

£ t. a o 10 3

1 8

193

036

i'J 9

20 o o

21 00

010

Drawback.

£ 2, d

o 18 10

o 18 10

Temporary or

War Duty.

£ 7. 7

035

095

099

I

13 6 8

13 6 8

1 4 1

6 13 4

7 ©

004

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wool — Beaver Wool, continued. thence in a British-built Ship) £ /. d £ t. d. e£ s. ed.

the lb. — — Carmenia Wool, Set Goat Hair in Hair. 1 I 6 0 7 a

Coney Wool, the lb. - — Cotton Wool, viz. - - imported in a British-built Ship, 003 0 0 X

the 100 lbs. -- - not imported in a British-built 087 0 8 4

Ship, the 100 lbs. For the Conditions, Regulations, and9Restrictions under which Cotton Wool may be secured in Warehouses withorut Payment: of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. c. 137. and 48 Geo 3. cap. 126^ — - — Goats. Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair. 0172 084

- ? Hares Wool, the cwt. Lamb!s Wool, 5m Sheep's Wool. Oftricji or Eftrich Wool, imported in a British-built Ship, 0 139 0 4 7

the cwt- - - not imported in a British-built 050 — 018

Ship, the cwt. 0 10 0 — 0 3 4

- Polonia Wool, the cwt..O 5 Q _ 1 0 1 8

- Red Wool, the cwt. Sheep* s Wool or Lamb's Wool, the 050 .018

cwt. - - O^O 018

- Spanish Wool, the cwt. Turkey Goat's Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair. Note. — His Majesty is authorised to permit, by Qrd$r in Council, Wool (except Cotton Wool) to be imported into Great Britain in any toreigp Ship or Vessel, on Payment of such Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a British-built Ship, See Geo. 3. cap. 29. revived and continued by 45 Geo. 3. cap. 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 4R Geo. 3. cap. 24. further continued until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. 050 r 0 1 8

Woollen Cloths, all Manner of, tho Yard. Woollen Stuffs, See Stuffs. Yam, See Yarn. 1 t 6 m+m

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary Af

Duty. Drawback. fir War Duty.

Worm Seed, See Seed. Worsted Tapes, See Tapes.*» — — Yarn, See Yarn. Y. Yards, See Masts, in Wood. Yarn, viz. s6i /. d. £ /. d. £ /. d.

Cable Yarn, the cwt. 0 13 6 046

Camel or Mohair Yam, the lb. - 010 OOB 004

- Cotton Yarn, the lb. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Cotton Yarn and Mohair Yarn may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. — - Cotton Yarn, of the Manufacture of the Isle of Man, See Man, Isle of 006 002

- Grograii Yam, the lb. Raw Linen Yam, made of Flax, - imported in a British-built Ship, 010 0 08 004

the cwt. - not imported in a British-built 00 6 — 0 0 2

Ship, the cwt. p Raw Linen Yam, not made of Flax, - imported in a British-built Ship, 0 13 0 - 0 4 4

the cwt. - not imported in a British-built 0 2 6 O O M

Ship, the cwt. Note. — Raw Linen Yam may be imported in Ships not British-built, during the War and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, on Payment of the same Duty, as if imported in British-built Ships, See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed. 0 15 0 0

« — Wick Yam, the cwt.; 2 16 0 ... 0 18 f

Woollen or Bay Yar$, the cwt. — Worsted Yarn, being of Two or more Threads, twitted or thrown. 0 19 0 064

the IB. - - — of any other Sort, nbt particularly enumerated or def<£ribed> or other-v wife charged with Duty, for every iool. of tnfe Value Y^loW Blrtries, Be^riei. Aa 3 010 004

37 10 0 is 19

35& C98.' 49° GEO. in A.D. 1809.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. T emporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

z £ s. d. £ s. d S, dim

Zaffre, for every icol. of the Value Ztdoaria, imported directly from the Place 20 0 o' 13 6 8 <5 13 4

of its Growth, ti e lb. — not imported directly from the 0 090.0 6 003

Place of its Growth, the lb. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not otherwise enumerated or described, prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every jool. of 016 010 0 0 6

the Value - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which such Goods may be so imported. See 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being either in part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain, for every 100l. of the Value G^ds, Wares, and Merchandize, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or def.ribed, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain, for every iool. of the 2-10-0 O l6 8 J

37° © 12I© O

Value 2n 0 0 13 6 8 6 '3 4

SCHEDULE (A.) OUTWARDS.

OUTWARDS. Permanent Duty. Temporary er War Duty.

FOREIGN. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Agarits, vh. — rough or untrimmed, the lb. - - 0 0 i-i 0 0 oi

trimmed or pared, the lb. - - Ammoniacum Sal, See Sal Ammoniacus. Annotto, the lb. - - - \ 0/0 0 0 00 li 0 0 oi

Antimonium crudum, the cwt. - - 0 0 4^ © 0

Aquaefortis, the Gallon - - - > 1 0 Mi 0 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — OUTWARDS.

Foreign, continued.

Arabic Gum, Sec Gum.

Argol, the cwt. -

Arlenic, the cwt.

Bay Berries, the cwt. -

Beaver Skin*, the Skin or Piece of Skin

- Wool, See Wool.

Brazil Wood, )c w

Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood, J ee 0

Calaminaris Lapis, See Lapis Calaminaris.

Cochineal, the lb. -

Cream of Tartar, the cwt.

Faitic, See Wood.

Galls, the cwt.

Gem Sal, Sal.

Guinea Wood, See Red Wood in Wood.

Gum, viz,

- Arabic, the cwt.

- Senega, the cwt.

- Stic Lac, the cwt.

Jamaica Wood, See Brazilletto Wood in Wood.

Indigo, East India, See, Table (B).

IGnglak, the cwt. -

Lapis Caliminaris, for every 100l. of the Value

' Litmus, the cwt. -

Logwood, See Wood.

Madder, the cwt. -

- Root, the cwt. -

Nicaragua Wood, &*Wood.

Orehal, the cwt.

Orchelia, the cwt. -

Pomegranate Peels, the cwt.

Red or Guinea Wood, See Wood.

Safflower, the lb. -

Sal, viz.

- Ammoniacus, the cwt. -

- Gem, the cwt.

Sapan Wood, See Wood.

Saunders, red, the cwt.

Senega Gum, See Qura.

Shumac Or Sumach, the cwt.

Stick Lac, See Gum.

Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vessels entering outwards

(except in £allaft)in any Port of Great Britain for Foreign Parts, See Table (D).

Tornfal or Turnsole, the cwt.

Vaionia, the cwt.

Verdegris, the lb. 1.

Wood, viz.

Brazil Wood, the cwt. -

Permanent

Duty.

d.

009

049

003

009

o o 4i o*d

I 169066 049

01

600

009

1

4

2 o o

OOI

049

049

o o xo£

o 06

049 046 00 1

# 1 3

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ s. d

003

0 1 7

o o I

0 0 9

0 0, 1

00$

o ia 3 o z a o 1 7

o

2

O

O

o

o

o

o

O o

o

o

o

o

4

d

4 7

5 3

°i

7

7

3!

o 1 7 o 1 6 O O of

0 0 t

49 GEO. m,

A.D. 1809.

C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.)-outwards. Permanent. Duty. Temporary or War Duty.

Foreign, continued. d£ /. d s£ S. dm

Wood, continued Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood, the cwt*009 0 0 3

Fustick, the cwt. ... 003 0 0 x

Logwood, the cwt. - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictioog under which Logwood may be exported in British-built hips, Duty free, See 7 Geo. 3. cap. 47. — Nicaragua Wood, the Ton, containing ao cwt. - Red, or Guinea Wood, the cwt. - 013 050 010 0 0 i 0 1 & 004

- £>apan Wood, the cwt. 006 002

Wool. viz. Beaver Wool, the lb. - 0 Ia O*< ft

BRITISH. ATum, the cwt. - Badger Skins, See Skins. Bulfs &*4Hair. Calaminaris Lapi, See Lapis Calaminaris. Calve Skins, Sec Skins. Cards, viz. — new Wool Cards, the Dozen — - old Wool Cards, the Dozen Cat Skins, See Skins. Coals usually sold by Measure, viz. — exported to the Isle of Man, the Chalder, Win- chester Measure - - O 1 s 009 006 0x6 T O O x

- to any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Chalder, Winchester Measure o*6 J*1 5

- exported to any of the Territories of the United States of America, in a British-built Ship, the Chalder, Newcastle Measure - 0 xy 0

- not in a British-built Ship, the Chalder, Newcastle Measure 1 10 3 0 % 6

- to any other Place, - in a British-built Ship, the Chalder, New castle Measure - - 1*0 0 1 10

- not in a British-built Ship, the Chalder, Newcastle Measure I K 1 0 $ 0

- 111, 111 exported in certain Quantities from the Ports of Newcastle and Swansea to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, the Chalder, Newcastle Measure - one e i

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coals may be so exported. See 6 Geo. $. cap. 40. Coals, pfually sold by Weight, viz. — exported to the lile of Man, the Ton, Containing ZQ cwt.» -, 0 0 i 0*1

SCHEDULE (A.) — OUTWARDS.

British, continued.

Coals usually sold by Weight, continued,

« — exported to any Bntift Colony or Plantation in America, ttie Ton, containing 20 cwt. t - to any of the Territories of the United States of America# f - in a Britishh-built Ship, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

not in a British-built Ship, the Ton, containing 2$ cwt. v*to any other Place,

- in a British-built Ship, the Ton, containing ao cwt.

- not m a British-built Ship the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Coney Skins, See Skins.

Copperas, for every tool, of the Value

Cow Hair, See Ox Hair in Hair.

Culm,

r--- exported to the Isle of Man, the Chalder, Winchester Measure -

- to any British Colony or Plantation in America* the Chalder, Winchester Measure

to any of the Territories of the United States

of America,

- in a Britsih-built Ship, the Chalder, New.

castle Measure >*net in a Britishi-huilt Ship, the Chalder Newcaftlt Measure

- to any other Place,

*in a British-built Ship, the Chalder, New

castle Measure*

- not in a British-built Ship, the Chalder

NewcalUe Measure

( S.SK-

Geldings, See Horses.

Glue, the cwt.

Hair, vi*.

- Bull, Cow, or Ox, the cwt.

--Hart, the cwt.

Horse, the cwt.

- not particularly enumerated or described and not prohibited to be exported, for every tool, of the Value -

Hart Hair, )n t t

Horse Hair, }&fHalr-

Horses, Marts, or Geldings^ each*

Kid Skins, See Skins. j'i

Lamb Skins, See Sheep Skins in Skins;

Permanent Duty. Temporary or War Duty.

£. d.

r

0 1 S 0 4

059 o 0 6

0 to 0 0 0 IS

079 opS

0 zx 0 0 10

6 00 —

006 —

ozo —

04 6

0 8 0 —

060 —

0 10 0 —

0 t 0 —

t> tt6

020

0 7 4 — fc

6 0 0 -

220

SCHEDULE (A.) — OUTWARDS.

British, continued.

Lapis Calaminaris, for every 100l. of the Value Lead, cast oruncast, the Tort containing 20 cwt.

>» Oret for every 100L of the Value Leather, of all Sorts, tanned, tawed, or dressed, the cwt. Litharge of Lead, the cwt. -

Mares, See Horses.

Otter Skins, See Skins.

Ox Hair, See Hair.

SheepSkins, See Skins.

Skins,vhc.

' - Badger Skins, the Skin -

- Calve Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, the cwt. — Cat Skins, the 100 Skins — - Coney Skins, dressed or tawed, the 120 Skins Dog Skins, the Dozen Skins — Fox Skins, the Skin - — - Kid Skins in the Hair, the 100 Skins

- dressed, the 100 Skins — Otter Skins, raw, the Skin

- tawed or dressed, the Skin

- Sheep and Lamb Skins, tawed or dressed without Wool, the 120 Skins -

- tanned, the cwt.

- Squirrel Skins, the ioqo Skins -

- Swan Skins, the Skin -

Skins or Pieces of Skins, not particularly enumerated or described, and not prohibited to be exported, for every iool. of the Value

Tin, unwrought, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, end Restrictions _ under which Tin unwrought may be exported to Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope with-out Payment of this Duty, See 30 Geo. 3. cap. 4. Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vessels entering, outwards _ (except in Ballast) in any Port of Great Britain for Foreign Parts, See Table (D.)

Wool Cards, See Cards.

The following Duties are also to be paid on Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from thence, viz.

Goods* Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein after mentioned) exported to any Part of Eijppe, or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every iool. of the true and real Value thereof -

Permanent

Duty.

£ d.

6 0 0

3 10 0

6 O/ 0

0 1 4

0 0 4

0 0 1

0 1 4

0 1 8

0 1 4

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 8

0 0 10

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 3 0

0 1 4

0 3 0

0 0 2

6 0 0

038

0 10 o

Temporary or

War Duty. £ s. d

I 0 €>

SCHEDULE (A.) — OUTWARDS.

British, continued Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein after mentioned) exported to any Port or Place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every iool. of the true and real Value thereof Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein after mentioned) exported to any Port or Place whatever, being within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every iool. of the true and real Value thereof

For the Conditions, Rules, and Regulations under which these Duties may be secured by Bond, See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Permanent

Duty.

j£ 4.

100

Temporary or

War Duty,

£ s. J.

3 ©>

40©

Except,

Bullion.

Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain.

Linen of the Manufacture of any Part of the United Kingdom.

Melasses.

Sugar refined of all Sorts, and Sugar called Candy.

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, by virtue of and under the Authority of any Licence which the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or Scotland, or any Three or more of them, are or may be authorised and empowered to grant.

Any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Cloathing, or Implements or VI aterials necessary for the British Fisheries established in the Maud of Newfoundland, or in any of His Majesty's Colonies, Islands, or Plantations in North America, on due Entry thereof, and exported from Great Britain to the said Colonies, [(lands, or Plantations.

Woollen Goods, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Military Stores exported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

A.D. 1809.

SCHEDULE (A.)

COASTWISE.

COASTWISE. Permane.nt. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Cinders made of Pit Coal brought Coastwise from any R>rt or Place in Great Britain, into any other Port or Place in England or Wales, the Chalder, Winchester Mea- £ s. J. £ s. d.£ s. d,

fart -. For the Duties on Cinders brought by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals to London, See Coals To brought. Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coastwise frotn any Port or Place in Great Britain into the Port of London, viz. — in case they are such as are moll usually sold by Weight, the Ton 060 O a

containing 20 cwt. in case they are filth as are most usually sold by Measure, the Chal- 0 76 040 026

der, Winchester Measure For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which a Quantity of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, not exceeding 50, 000 Ton in the Whole, may b* brought, within One Year, by the Grand Junction and Padding* ton Canals to London, on Payment of the following Duty, See 45 Geo. 3. cap. i|8. continued by 46 Geo. 3. cap. 104. 47 Geo. 3. Sess. I. cap. 134. and by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 95. further continued to the 1st August i8u, viz. — 1ffor evety Ton of Coals, Culm, and 094 © $ 10 032

Cinders so brought A further Duty of is. 3d. per Ton on Coals, Culm and Cinders so brought is also payable to the proper Officer of the Customs, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London ia Heu of the Duty tailed Orphans' Duty, and of all other Ratos, Dues and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Coals, Cuim, or Cinders imported into the Port of London, Set 45 Geo. 3. cap. 12. continued by 7 6 ! 1 c a 6 1

SCHEDULE (A.) — COASTWISE.

Coal&c. continued.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 104. 47 Geo. 3. Sess. i. cap. 134. and by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 95. further continued to the lit August 1811.

Coals, (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coastwise from any Part or Place in Great Britain into any other Port or Place in England or Wales, (except the Port of London,) viz.

- in case they are such as are most usually sold by Weight, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

--in case they are such as are most

usually sold by Measure, the Chal-der, Winchester Measure Coals sent Coastwise from the Port of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to any other Port or Place in Great Britain, the Chalder, Newcastle Measure — brought Coastwise into the Port of

London for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, not exceeding 100 Chalders in any One Year, the Chalder, Winchester Measure For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the Duties on Coals brought Coastwise, or from any Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great Britain, may be secured by Bond, Set 27 Geo. 3. cap. 32.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coals may be carried from Ellenfoot to Baals End in the County of Cumberland, or from any Creels or Place to any other Creek or Place between Ellenfoot and Bankend, without Payment of any Duty of Customs, See 8 Geo. 1. cap. 14.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which all the Duties on Coals used for melting Copper and Tin Ores within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon shall be repaid, Sa9 Ann. cap. 6. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which all the Duties on Coals Which shall be used

Duty. Drawback.

sS 4. ei

040

060

010

060

£ s. d.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

a. dL

03$

o f 6

o»+

0*0

04

a t o

SCHEDULE (A.)- COASTWISE.

Cods font Coastwise, &c. continued.

in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall shall be repaid. See 14 Geo. 2. cap. 41.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which all the Duties on Coals used in calcining or smelting Copper and Lead Ores, within the Isle of Anglesey, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said Me shall be repaid, See 26 Geo. 3. cap. 104. and 43 Geo. 3. cap. 68.

[§24.]*

For the Conditions, Regulations, 'and Restrictions under which all the Duties on Coals used for any Purpose relating to the carrying on the Works forthemanufactureing of Tin Plates, and for other Purposes at Penoygored in the County of Pembroke, called the Penny gored W orks, shall be repaid, provided the Amount thereof shall not exceed 1000L in any One Year, See 35 Geo. cap. 39.

Culm, brought Coastwise from any Port or Place m Great Britain into the Port of London, the Chalder, Winchester Measure -

- For tl*e Duties on Culm brought by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals to London, See Coals so brought.

- To be used for the burning of Lime

carried in any Vessel or Boat, not exceeding 30 Tons Burthen, from any Place within the Limits of the Port of Milford in the County of Pembroke to any other Place ^rithin the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, or Merioneth, the Chalder, Winchester^Measure

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Culm may be so carried, See 33 Geo. 2. cap. ij.

brought Coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain into any G. S. c. 81.

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

sS /. d. £ t. d. £ d.

050 0 1 5 0 1 8

© 1 3 — 005

49° GEO. ilL

C. 98.

A.D. 1809.

3^7

SCHEDULE (A,) — COASTWISE.

Culm, continued.

other Port or Place in England or Wales (except the Port of London and except Culm carried from Milford as before-mentioned) the Chalder, Winchester Measure Cinders, Coals, and Culm, carried from any Part of the Lancaster Canal or any of the Branches thereof, or from any Part or Place within the Hundred of Lonsdale in the County of Lancaster into the Ul-verftone Canal across or along the Bay or Estuary separating the Two Canals, are not liable to any Duty of CtCstoms Cinders, Coals, and Culm, shipped Coast-wife at any Port in Great Britain, and delivered in any Part beyond the Seas before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid, the Matter of the Vessel shall not be permitted again to enter or clear out at any Port in Great Britain until he shall have paid not only the Duties due on the Exportation of such Cinders, Coals, and Cuhn, but in Addition thereto for every Chalder thereof so entered Coast wife, Winchester Measure For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the said Duty of Three Shillings the Chalder shall be repaid. See 25 Geo. 5. cap. 54.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coals and Culm may be carried on the Monmouth shire Canal, and afterwards*carried or conveyed from any Port or Place to the Eastward of the Klands called the Holmes, to any other Port or Place in or upon the River Severn, also to the Eattward of the said Klands without patting to the West ward thereof, without Payment of Duty, See 3 7 Geo. 3. cap. 100.; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coals and Culm may be carried or conveyed on the Monmouthshire Canal, or on any of the Railways or Tramroads connected therewith, and afterwards to the Port of Bridgewater only by a Passage to

Duty.

£ S.

Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

d:

s

d.

1.

d

o I 3

a x 2

005

030

SCHEDULE (A.) — COASTWISE.

Duty. Drawback*

Cinders, Co A, and Culm, &c. continued.

the Westward of the I (lands called the Holmes, notwithstanding the Restrictions before-mentioned, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. y. cap. 1 ec. of the Public Local and Personal Acts.

Slate, of the Production of Great Britain, brought Coastwise fresh any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein (except as herein after mentioned), for every iool. of the Value -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which any such Slate brought into any Port of Great Britain for the sole Purpose of being exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas may be entered without Payment of Duty, See 34 G. 3. cap. 51.

Stone, of the Production of Great Britain, brought Coastwise from any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein (except as Hereinafter mentioned).' for every loot of the Value -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which any Marble, Lime Stone, or Iron Stone whatever 5 any Stone cut or manufactured into Mill Stones, Grind Stones, or Whet Stones, or either of them; any* Stone manufactured or converted into Posts and Caps fcr Corn Stacks or Mowsteads, Troughs, Gate Posts, or othel Articles used for the Purpose of Husbandry 5 any Growan Stone or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of Growan Stone, or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of China Stone, or any other Stone to be used in the Manufacture of Pbrcelain or off Pottery; or any Stones whatever cut or manufactured into Burr Stones; and any Stones used for the Purpose of Paving, or for the Purpose of making or mending Roads, may bfe entered without Payment of Duty; See 34 Geo. cap. 51. and 39 & 40 Geo. 3. cap.

£ t. d.

£ /. d

26

26 $ o

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ /. d.

S 16 m

9 16 o

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 98. 369

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS*payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and secured in Warehouses:

ALSO,

Of the Duties of Customs on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, when'taken out of fqch Warehouses to be used or con fumed in Great Britain; together with the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of certain of those Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Britain.

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and secured in Warehouses under the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions directed and required by 39 Geo. 3. cap. t59. viz, — Mullins, plain, Nanquin Cloths, Mullins or White Callicoes flowered or Hitched, for every ool. £ /. £. d. £ t. J.

of the Value - — Plain White Callicoes, plain White Dimity, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, O O IN a 10 a

for every tool. of the Value Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, for every s 10 0 0 16 8

I col. of the Value 2 IO O Mi 0 16 8

- Sugar, for every tool, of the Value All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except Builion, Cotton Wool, Saltpetre, and Tea) for 100

every iool of the Value Which several Values shall be ascertained according to the gross Price at which such Goods respectively shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the said Company, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the said Duties may be secured by Bond, ^39 Geo. 3. cap. 59. .'1 O O 13 4

# [£ee § Act^\

49° GEO. III. B b

37d C. 98. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

TABLE (B.) Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Goods, 'Wares, and Merchandize, continued. — - — Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so imported and warehoused (not being prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain) may be delivered from such Warehouses, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, on Payment of the following Duties of Customs, exclusive of the Duties before mentioned, paid or secured by the said Company on warehousing any of the said Goods; and also on Payment of such Excise or other Duties as shall be due or payable thereon at the Time of such Delivery, viz. Almonds, viz. £ s. d. £ /. d. £ t. d.

Bitter, the cwt, of any other Sort, the cwt. Aloes, viz. loo 3 0 0 -= 0 6 S 100

- Socotprina, the lb. O 16 006

- of any other Sort, she lb. 009 — 0 03

Alum, the cwt. - on 0 038

Roch Alum, the cwt. Amber, viz. - — Beads, See Beads. — rough, the lb. - - scribed, for every icol. of the 070 0 1 p -i C* O 0 0

Vaiue - - - Sv 5 ° — - 17 i 8

Ambergris, the oz. - Anunpniacuin Gum, See Gum Ammoni*cus. — — + Sal, See Sal Ammoniac us. Animi Gum, See Gum. Aniseed, See Seed. 030 010

Annotto, the cwt. - - 7 50 1 084

Aquafortis, the cwt. Arabic Gum, See Gum. Arangoes or Arangoe Beads, for every iocl. 090 0 3, 0

of the Value*-Arrack, Spirits. S3*6 3' M 17 18 9

Arsenic, the cwt. O9O — 0 3 0

Afafcetida, the lb. Anripigmentum, See Orpiment. Balfara, viz. 0 0 6 002

- Artificial, the lb. 0 3 0 — 0 1 0

Natural, the lb. Bamboo Canes, See Cane* 0 2 6 0 0 10

Barilla, thectot. - [See 43 G. 3. c. 68. §41.] 086* O % 19

TABLE (B.)

Duty. Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty*

Bark, viz.

- Jefnits Bark, See Cortex Peruvianus.

- not ottarwife enumerated or deferred

for every 101l. of the Value Bdellium, the lb.

Beads, viz

- Amber Beads, the lb.

- Arangoe Beads, See Arangoes.,

- Coral Beads, the lb.

--Cry Hal Beads, the 1000

- not otherwise enumerated or de

feribed, for every 100l. of th Value Bees Wax, See Wax.

Benjamin, the lb.

Bczoar Stones, the oz.

Books, viz.

- bound, the cwt.

- unbound, the cwt,

Borax, viz,

- refined, the lb.

- unrefined or Tineal, the lb.

Bottles of Green or Common Glass full or empty, not of less content than one Pint, and not being Phials, the Doze* Quants

Brandy, See Spirits.

Bullion and foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty free.

Cajaputa, Oil of, See Oil.

Cake-lac, Sv Lae in Gum.

Calaminaris Lapis, See Lapis.

Calicoes, viz,

- Plain White Calicoes for every

100L of the Value Drawback to be allowed on Exportation of such of the said Goods which shall have been printed, ilained, painted, or dyed, in Great iJritaifl, for every Jool. of the Value

--White flowered or Pitched, See

Mullins.

Calve Skins, See Skins.

Canibognim, See Gamboge.

Camel Hair, See Hair.

Camphire, viz.

- Defined, the lb,

unrefined, the lb.

Candles of Wax, the lb.

37

o

JO

o

so

18

5* 5

O I

O I

4

3

° 5

£ b 2

51 5

d

£ t. d

7 6

o

6

o

6

o

4*

S X. i.

12 10 0 0 0 2

0 2 6

0 3 4

0 6 0

17 1

004

00 6

166

004 O O I j

o i 9

17 I 8

50 o e

O X o o9I

0 0 .5

v*o O- 5 o o i

TABLE (B.)

ancs, viz.

- Bamboo, the 1000

- Rattans, (not ground Rattans, )

the 1000 -

- R$ed Canes, the 1000

' — Walking Canes or Sticks mounted,

painted, inlaid, or otherwise ornamented or manufactured, for every iool. of the Value Wanghees Jumboo, Ground Rattans, Dragons Blood, and other Walking Canes or Sticks, the.1000 -

Cantharides, the lb. -

Caps of Cotton, for every tool, of the Value Cardamoms, the lb, -

Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair. Carmine, the oz.

Carpets, ws.

- of Persia, the Yard square

...of Turkey, under Yards square,

the Carpet

- 4 Yards square and not exceeding 6 Yards square, the Carpet -

- exceeding 6 Yards square, the

Carpet -

Cashew Gum, See Gum.

Cassia Buds, the lb. -

- Fiftuh, the lb.

--Lisnea, the lb.

Castor, ^)il°of, } S" 0il'

Cayenne Pepper, See Pepper.

Chemical Oil, See Oil.

China Root, the lb.

China Ware, for every iool. of the Value Cinnabar, See Vermillion.

Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb.

Cinnamon, the lb.

- Oil of> See Oik

Cloves, the lb. -

- Oil of, See Oil.

Cochineal, the lb.* -

- Dull, the lb.

Cocoa Nuts* the lb.

Subie& also to a Duty of Excise. Coculus Indus, the lb.

Coffee, the lb.

Subject also tQ a Dmty of Exttfe.

6

Permanent.

Duty.

£ x. J.

xi 6

1 1 6

0169

5x 5 o

2 10 o 0 2 0 54 o o

0 1 3

026

1 xo 9

o 15 o

300 500 O x O

006

016

009

82 o o

O I €

3 6

006 00 0 0 3:

o; f 6

Drawback.

£ x. d.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ /. &97

o 7 *o 5 7

17 1

o iM

00#

18 o o

005

o O 19

0 xo 3 050

1 o

I 13 4

004

00*

006

003 27 6 S

005

006

o 1

00*o o o| o o i>

O Q 1

TABLE (B.) Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Coin, Foreign, of Gold or Silver, See Bullion. £ x. d. £ s. d. e£ x. d.

Colocynth, See Coloquintida. Coloquintida or Colocynth, the lb. 019 004

Colours for Painters, See Painters Colours. Col umbo Root, the lb. OIO 0 0 4

Con tray ervae Lapis, See Lapis. Radix, Sec Radix. Copal Gum, See Gum. Copper, viz. — Ore, the cwt. 006' 0 2

old, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt. - - 059 0 1 11

- Copper in Bricks or Pigs, Rose Copper, and all call Copper, the cwt. 059 0 I if

- Copper in Plates and Copper Coin, the cwt. 096 03a

- part wrought, viz, Bars; Rods, or Ingots, hammered or raised, the cwt. - 0 19 I 0 65

wife enumerated or described. Copper enamelled, and Copper Plates engraved, for every 100L of the Value 31*$ 0 I? I

Coral, viz. Beads, See Beads. - ' in Fragments, the lb. — r whole polished, the lb. - - unpolished, the lb. 0 0 7$ 076 Q 3 6 — 0 0 a} 026 0 1 a

Coriander Seed, See Seed. Cprtex Peruvian us or Jesuits Bark, the lb. - 013 _6 0 5

Coftos, the lb. - 0 7i — 0 0 2

Cotton, viz. — Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool. of the Value 54 0 0 18 0

- Thread, See Thread. Wool, Wool. Yarn, See Yarn. Cowries, for every iool. of the Value* 53 16 3 17 x8 9

Crystal Beads, See Beads. Cubebs, the lb. - o 6 0 0 2

Cummin Seed, See Seed. Dyagrydium, See Scammony. Diamonds, Duty free. Dimity, viz. — »j Plain White Dimity, for every iool. of the Value ji 5 c 17 x 8

[Sc# 43 G. 3. c. 69. I v J

Permanent. Temporary

TABLE (B.) Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Dimity, continued M s. d. £ /. d. s. d.

Drawback to be allowed on the Importation of such of the said Goods which shall have been printed, stainled, painted, or ayed in Great Britain, for every look of the Value Dog Skins, See Skins. Drawings coloured, each 020 V» O 1 0 0 © 0 % 8

- plain, each Drugs, on which specific Duiies are payable' according to the Quantity, See the several Articles in Alphabetical Course. — maniifactured, not particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value 0 i 0 51 5 0 004 17 x

unmUnufactured, not particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty, for every ioal, of the Value - 31 10 0* 1- Q Q

Earthen ware, See China. Ebony, See Wood. ElemiGum. See Gum. Elephants €'eeth, the cwt. - 2o 0 0 16 8

Elk Skin£, See Skins. Emeralds, Rubies, and all other Precious Stones and Jewels (except Diamonds)'for every 1O0I; of the Value IO €> O 368

Feathers, uzt* — - Ostrich Feather^ dreffect, the lb. -undressed, the lb. I 15 O 6 IO O 0 ir 8 0 3 4

of the Value 37 10 0 12 10 ©

Flax, rough 6r undressed, the cwt. 603 — 001

Forest Seed, See Seed. Furs, See Skin6. Galanga, the lb. 0 0 3 001

Galbanum, the lb. 009 — 003

Galls, the cwt. - - 070 — 024

Gamboge, the lb.© I O — 0 0'4

Garden Seed, See Seed. Garnet, viz. — - cut, the lb. - rough, the lb. - Gem Sal, Set Sal. Geneva, See Spirits. Ginger, the Owt. - 0176 0 60 0 14 6 — 0 5 10 020 0 4 10

- preferred, the lb. 0 2 0 — 008

TABLE (B.)

Ginseng, the lb.

Glass, viz.

- Bottles, See Bottles.

--broken, fit only to be remanufactured, the cwt,

- rough Plate Glass, and giound or

polished Plate or Crown Glass, for every lool. of the Value and besides for every Foot superficial Measure -

- Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool. of the Value — Paintings on Glass, for every iool. of the Value Glass is subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Goat Hair, See Hair.

Gold Coin, See Bullion.

- Plate, See Plate.

Gramlla, the lb. Gum, viz.

- Ammoniacus, the lb.

- Animi, the lb.

--Arabic, the cwt.

- Castlew, the cwt.

- Copal, the lb. -

- Elenai, the lb.

- Juniper, See Gum Sandrake.

--Lac, viz.

- Cake Lac, the lb.

- Shellac, or Seed Lac, the lb.

- Stick Lac, the cwt*

- Opoponax, the lb.

- Sagapenum* the lb.

- Sandrake or Juniper, the cwt.

- Sarcocolla, the lb.

- Senega, the cwt.

- " Tragacantb, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool. of the Value Hair, viz.

- Camel, the lb.

- Goat or Carmenia Wool, the lb. - — Human, the lb.

Handkerchiefs, of Silk printed, stained, painted, or dyed, for every iool. of the Value

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty, Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

0 0 io| 0 0 3i

0 2 0 — 0 0 8

7* 03 18 4

0 2 6 —

7*5 0 — 23 18 4

5* 5 0 1 l? X 8

0 0 3 0 0 1

0 09 — 0 0 3

0 0 6 0 0 2

0 7 6 0 2 6

0 4 6 — 0 X 6

0 1 0 — 0 O 4

0 0 4* 0 O ii

0 0 3 0 O X

0 0 4i — 0 0£

0 5 0 0 I 8

0 2 3 — 0 0 9

0 0 6 — 0 0 2

0 12 0 — 0 4

0 0 6 — 0 0 2

0 7 6 — 0 2 6

0 0 It 0 0£

37 10 0 — 12 10 0

0 1 0 MM 0 0 4

0 0 3 — 0 b 1

6 3 0 0 1 0

*5 12 6 mim 8 10

TABLE (B.) Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

Handkerchiefs, &c. continued. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Silk Handkerchiefs may be admitted to Entry for Home Consumption, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. <58. Hemp, rough or undressed, or any other Vegetable Substance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the same Pur- £ /. d. 1 £ /. rf.

poses, the Ton containing 20 cwt. Hides, <viz. - Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in O vn 0

any Way dressed, the Hide - - tanned and not otherwise drefledi 006 —

the lb.* — Horse, Mare, or Gelding, in the Hair, not tanned or in any Way r>. O O

dressed, the Hide - - tanned, and not otherwise dressed, 0 a 6 —

the lb. — or Pieces of Hides, ra, w or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool. of the 0 0 7$

Value - — or Pieces 6f Hides, tanned, tawed, or in airy Way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, U» O O O

for every iool. of the Value Horns, viz. - Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, the 100 - manufactured, for every iool. of the 90 O O O36 M

Value*«unmanufactured, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every Sl 5 0 111

iool. of the Value 20 0 0 —

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each Human Hair, See Hair. HufTe Skins, See Skins. 440

Japanned Ware, for every iool. of the Value Jesuits Bark, See Bark. Jewels, See Emeralds. 5* 5 °* "

Indigo, the 100 lbs. - - This Duty on Indigo is payable when taken out of the Warehouse either for Exportation or to be used in Great Britain. 010 9

Temporary

or

War Duty. £ s. d.

018

o ©

0 0 2

0 0 2 O O 2$

so o o

30 o o

0 I 2

17 18

<513

1*.

17 1 8

o 3 1

TABLE (B.) Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Iris Root, See Orrice. £ s. d. £ /. d. £ 4. J.

Juniper Gum, See Gum Sandrake. Knubs of Silk, Set Silk. Lac, See Gum. Lacquered Ware, for every 100L of the Value - 51 5 ° 17 1 S

Lamb's Wool, See Sheep's Wool in Wool. Lapis, viz. Calaminaris, the cwt. - 050 0x8

- Contrayervar, the oz. Lazuli, the lb. 013 020 — 00c 008

Tutiae, the lb. 0 0 42 0 0 if

Lazuli Lapis, See Lapis. Lead, w. — White Lead, the cwt. - 0 6 6 0 2

Leopard Skins, See Skins. Linseed, Oil of, See Oil. Long Pepper, See Pepper. Mace, the lb. - - 059 O I XI

Oil of, See Oil.* Madder Root, the cwt. 0 3 0 0X0

Mangoes, the Gallon - - 030 _ OIO

Manna, the lb. 0 0^9 003

Maps, the Piece - 0 09, _ OOJ

Martin Skins, See Skin6. Mastich, m. — Red, the lb. 006 0 0 2

of any other Sort, the lb. 009 __ O O 3

Melasses, the cwt. - 0 49 O I 7 0 0 2

Mother of Pearl Shells, rough, the lb. 0 0 6

Mulk, the oz. 030 0 I 0

Mubins, plain, Nanquin Cloths, Mullins or White Callicoes flowered or stitched, for every iool. of the Value ao 10 0 6 16 8

Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Goods Which shall have been printed, stained, painted or dyed in Great Britain, for every iool, of the Value 20 O O

Myrobalanes, viz.* Candied, the lb. 006 002

- dryed, the cwt. 070 1 024

Myrrh, the lb. ... 010 00 4

Nanquin Cloths, See Muslins. Nutmegs, the lb. - m 0 3 (5 ____ 012

- Oil of See Oil. v Nux Vomica, the lb. 009 0 3

Oil, viz, y — of Cajaputa, the oz. of 6 1 vo O O

TABLE (B.)

Oil, continued.

- of Cassia, the oz.

- of Castor, the lb.

--Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every JoolL of the Value — df Cinnamon, the oz.

- of Cloves, the oz. - — of Linseed, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- *1 of Made, the oz.

of Nutmegs, the oz.

--of Turpentine, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool. of the Value

Oker, the cwt.

Olibanum, the cwt. -

Opium, the lb.

Opopanax Gum, See Gum.

Orange Flower Water, the Gallon Ore,

- Copper, See Copper.

Gold or Silver, See Bullion.

Orpiment or Auripigmentum, the cwt. Orrice or Iris Root, the cwt.

Oftrieh Feathers, See Feathers.

Painters* Colohrs, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

Paintings on Glass, See Glass.

Paper, viz.

- Brown Paper made of old Rope or

Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, the lb. -

- Printed, painted, or stained Paper or

Paper Hangings, the Yard square. — - of any other Sort not particularly

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb. Pearb, for every iool. of the Value Pepper, the lb. -

- Cayenne, the lb.

- Long Pepper, the lb.

Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon Pictures, viz.

- under 2 Feet square the Picture

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

t£ j. d. £. /. d. s d.

p 1 6 — 0 0 6

009 003

5i 5 0 17 i 8

030 — 01 0

010 — 004

21 0 0 — 70a

0 1 3 — 005

0 1 3 — 005

0 0 11 001*

51 5 0 - - 17 1 8

043 — 0 1 5

1 10 0 — 0 10 0

056 — 0 1 10

0 0 — 008

0180 0 6

0 18 0 — 0 6 m

006 — *0 0

0 0 6 n 0 0

009 — 0 0 0fi

010 I, 004

lo 0 0 368

0 i 3 — 005

030 — 010

00 6 — 0 0

0 C«"J 0 0 16

a 0 — O4

TABLE (B.)

Pictures, continued.

- of two Feet square and under

4 Feet square the Picture

- of Feet square or upwards, the

Picture

Plate, viz.

- battered, fit only to be re-manufactured, «SV. Bullion.

- of Gold, the oz. Troy

--of Silver gilt, the oz. Troy

- part gilt, the oz. Troy

- ungi.t, the oz. Troy

Precious Stones, See Emeralds.

Prints, viz,

- Paper Prints plain, the Piece

- coloured, for every jool. of the Value

Provisions.

Note — His Majesty is authorised to permit, for a limited Time, by Order in Council, the Importation into Great Britain from any Port or Place what ever, in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any oilier Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, of any Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Cal-livances and all other Sorts of Ptflfe; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calyes, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise; Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game and Sour Crout, Duty free, provided due Entry be made. His Majesty is likewise authorised in like Manner to recal such Permission, either in Part or in the Whole, if Circualliances shall seem so to require. See 39 Geo. 3. cap. 87. continued by subsequent Acts, and by 49 Geo. 3. cap.3. revived and farther continued until the 25th March 1810. Quicksilver, the lb? -

Radix Contrfryervae, the lb.

Permanent.

Duty.

d.

9 0

8 6

4 o

3 9

2 9

5

Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ s, d.

£ s. d.

z 8 3

2 3

016 t 014 013

o o XI

004

17 1 8

004 004

380

49 GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

C98.

TABLE (B.) Permanent. Temporary

Drawback. or

Duty. War Duty,

Rattans, See Canes. £ /. d. £ d. £ d.

lied Wood, See Wood. Reed Canes, See Canes. Rhubarb, the lb. - 0 1 3 0 0 5

Rice, the cwt. ... 0 49 — - 0 1 7

See the Note tinder the Head of Provisions.

Koch Alum, SeeAlum.

Rjofe Wood, See Wood. Rubies, See Emeralds.

Rum, See Spirits. Safflower* the cwt* - 0 5 6.0 1

Saffron, the lb. -.- 0 4 6 — a 1 6

Sagapenum Gum, See Gum..Sago* the lb. - - 0 0 4a 0 0

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Sago Powder, for every tool of the Value 5* 5 0 — 1 8

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Sal, viz. Ammbmacus, the lb.*0 0 3 mm 0 0 1

Gem, the cwt. - 0 5 0 — 0 1 8

Salep or Salop, the lb. 0 09 — 0 0 3

Saltpetre, the cwt. - 0 0 3 — - 0 0 1

Sandrake Gum, See Gum.

3anguis Draconis, the lb. Sarcocolla Gum, See Gum. oaunders, viz* 0 1 0 0 0 4

Red, the cwt. 0 2 6 0 0 10

White or Yellow, the lb. 0 6 6 — 0 0 2

icammony, the lb. - ksl Cow, Sea Horse, or Sea Morse Teeth, 0 4 0 0 1 4

the lb. 0 1 0 — 0 0 4

*»eal Skins, See Skins. Seed, viz. Aniseed, the cwt. 1 8 6 096

- Coriander Seed, the cwt. 0 6 0 — 0 2 0

- Cummin Seed, the cwt. 0 10 0 — 0 3 4

Forest Seed, for every iool. of the

Value'20 0 0 63 4

- Garden Seed, not particularly enu-

merated or described, the lb. 0 0 4i — 0 0

- Worm Seed, the lb. 0 09 — i 0 0 3

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, fdr every iool. of the Value - 37 10 0 - - 12 10 0

Seed Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Sena, the lb. - Senega Gum, See Gum. 0 09 0 0 3

Permanent. Temporary

TABLE (B.) Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Sheep's Wool, See Wool. £ s. d. £. d. £ t. d

Shellac, See Lac in Gum. Silk, viz. — Handkerchiefs, See Handkerchiefs. Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the lb. 626 2 O O

- Eaw Silk, viz. - - Bengal raw Silk, the lb. t 3 O OIO

-of any other Sort, the lb* 0 4 3 — O I J

Waste Silk, the !b. 0 ft 61. O O IO

Silver Coin, foreign, See Bullion. Silver Plate, See Plate. Skins, viz. — Calve Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way drested, the Dozen Skins - 0 1 3 OO5

- Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the Dozen Skins 0 o*6 O O

- Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any Way deeded, the Skin - - 0 0 7 i- 0 0 aj

- Huffe Skin, undressed, the Skin 003 — 001

Leopard Skins, undressed, the Skin 060 — > 020

- Martin Skins, undressed, the Skin r 5? 009 — 003

- Seal Skins in the Hair, not tanned,tawed, or in any Way dressed, the Skin - - 00 l\ 0 0 o§

- Squirrel Skins, undressed, the ioo Skins - - 07 3 025

Tyger Skins, undressed, the Skin Skins and r urs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, ra\y or undreffect, not particularly ehiftnerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool* of the Value - 060 — 0 2

37 10 0 12 10

Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and F urs, tanned, tawed, or in any Way deeded, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every icol. of the Value - 90 0 0 30 0 0

Snuffy the lb. - 0 1 0 _ 0 04

Subject also to a Duty of Excise. Socotorina Aloes, See Aloes. Spikenard, the lb. - - 019 0 0

Spirits, viz. Arrack, the Gallon 013 r _ 005

- Brandy, the Gallon*Geneva, the Gallon — the Gallon O I I: Oil; a. 09 — 0 0 4i 0 0 44 0 0 3

TABLE (B.)

Spirits, continued.

- the Produce of the Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, its Territories or Dependencies, the Gallon

Spirits are subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Squills, thecwt.

Squinanthum, the lb.

Squirrel Skins, See Skins.

Stick Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Stockings of Cotton, for every iool. of the Value -

Storax, viz.

-it--- Calamita or Liquida, the lb.

- in the Tear, or Gum, the lb.

Succades, the lb.

Sugar, the cwt.

For the Rules, Regulations, and Conditions under which the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury are authorised to suspend according to the Average Price of Sugar as published in the London Gazette, either One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Two Shillings in the Hundred Weight, or Three Shillings in the Hundred Weight, being Part of the Temporary or War Duty, See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

Note. — The Duties on Sugar imported into Great Britain are to continue in force until the 25th March 1810.

See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

Sugar Candy, viz.

- Brown, the cwt.

- White, the cwt.

Talc, the lb. -

Tamarinds, the lb.

Tea, for^very iool. of the Value

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions under which Tea may be taken out of the Warehouse, Duty free, for Exportation to Ireland, See 41 Geo. 3. cap. 73.

Teake Wood, See Wood.

Terra Japonica, the lb, -

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

<5€ s. d £ d £ s. d.

c 09 — 0 0

0 3 3 - Oil

0 0 6 - O O

0 0 rh >0 — l8 O Q

OO9 — 0 0 3

0 5 3 — OI9

020 0 0 8

126 0 10 6

3 12 0 149

55 of — 1184

0 0 4* 0 0 1*

O Q 4! — c 0 1

6 0 0 60 0

00 6 co^a

TABLE (B.) Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Thread, wz. Cotton Thread, for every 100l. £ t. d. £ x. d.

of the Value Tineal, See Borax unrefined. 54 0 0 18 0 0

Tobacco, the 100 \bs. Having been delivered out of the Warehouse for Home Trade Consumption or Manufacture in Great Britain, and afterwards manufactured according to Law into Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, and exported, the 100 lbs. Subject also to a Duty of Excise. Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vessels entering inwards or outwards, (except in Ballast) from or to foreign Parts, See Table (D.) Tortoise Shell, viz. — Manufactures of, for every iool. of a 11 3 2 10 0 0 12 6

the Value — rough and unmanufactured, the lb. Tragacanth Gum, See Gum. 5r 5 0 026 — 17 f 8 0 0 10

Turbith, the lb. - - 016 — 0 0 6

Turmeric, the lb.*Turpentine, Oil of See Oil. Turtise Lapis, See Lapis. Tyger Skins, See Skins. 0 0 4| 0 0 1*

Vermicelli, the lb. - - See the Note under the Head of Provisions. 0 0 >oh- 0 0 ij

Vermilion or Cinnabar, the lb. Walking Canes, 1 Sticks, > See Canes. Wanghee Canes, )Wax, viz. O I 3 O s

- Bees Wax unmanufactured, the cwt. - 2 2 0 —. 0 14 0

- White or manufactured, the cwt. vallulCc j OfT VaTlUlCu. Wood, viz. 3 t* 0'160

Ebony, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. — Red Wood, the Ton, containing 20 5*6 — I 14 2

cwt. - 140 — O 8 0

- Rose Wood, the cwt. — Teake Wood, 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 189 O97

Cubic Feet Wool, viz. Carmepia Wool, See Goat Hair in Haiy. 0 19 6 0 6 6

- Cotton Wood, the 100 lbs. 087 — 084

8

3*4

4$>° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805^.

C. 98.

TABLE (E.) Permanent. T emporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wool, continued. — Lamb's Wool, See Sheep* Wool. — Sheep's Wool or Lamb'* Wool, the & t. d. sS;. d.

cwt. - - Worm Seed, See Seed. Yarn, viz. 0 0 ri " 0 N c*

Cotton Yarn, the lb. 006 0 0/1

Zedearia, the lb. - - Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, irfiported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, being either in Part or wholly manufactured, not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty when so imported, and not prohibited, to be imported into or used in Great Britain, for every 009 0 Q 3

iool. of the Value Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty when so imported and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain, for every 51 5 e 17 i 5

iool. of the Value. 20 0 0 — 6 ij 4

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS*payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize taken and condemned as Prize or seized and condemned as Droits of Admiralty, and imported or brought into Great Britain.

Permanent Duty. Temporary or War Duty.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, taken and condemned £ s. £ s

as Prize, or seized and condemned as Droits of Admiralty, shall and may be landed and secured in approved Warehouses, on Payment (by the Captors or their Agents,) of the following Duties, viz. Brandy, if taken by a Ship of War or seized as Droits of Admiralty, the Tun containing 252

Gallons - - -[£<*49 6.3.*. 44.] 350 0 ij

TABLE (C.)

Permanent

Duty.

Goods — Brandy, continued.

- if taken by a Private Vessel, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

Cocoa, if 1 aken by a Ship of War, or seized as

Droit' of Admiralty, the cwt.

- if taken by a Private Vessel, the cwt.

- »--Coffee, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as

Droits of Admiralty, the cwt.

- if taken by a Private Vessel, the cwt.

- Sugar, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as

Droits of Admiralty, the cwt.

- if taken by a Private Vessel, the cwt.

- Vinegar, if taken by a Ship of War, or by a Private Vessel, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- Wine, if taken by a Ship of War, or by a

Private Vessel, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not

particularly excepted or otherwise charged with Duty,

- if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as

Droits of Admiralty, for every 1001. of the Value thereof

- if taken by a Private Vessel, for every

1 ool. of the Value thereof

- Com, viz,

- Wheat, Wheatmeal, or Flour, Rye, Parley,

Beer, or bigg. Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn or Maize, taken and condemned as Prize, shall and may be warehoused in like Manner, and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, Duties, Drawbacks, Penalties, and For- feitures as are provided and enacted by any

Act or Acts of Parliament in force with respect to any Foreign Com imported into Great Britain, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134.

- Goods of the Growth, Production, or Manu-

fadfure of China or the East Indies, taken and condemned as Prize, are subject to such Duties and entitled to such Drawbacks as the like Goods are or may be subject and entitled to when imported by the East India Company. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictkms under which such Goods may be iold, See 43 Geo. 3. cap 134. and 46 Geo. 3. cap. 113. (Local and Personal.)

- Tobacco taken and condemned as Prize, and

secured in Warehouses according to Law may be exported therefrom without Payment of 49° GEO. III. C c

£ s. d.

05 0

0 3 9

0 i 3

0 10 6

0 3 6

0 6 0

0 2 0

2 0 0

0 0

7 10 o

2 TC O

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£7-J.

050

0 I 3 005

03 6

01 1

02*

008

s 10 t o 16 8

TABLE (C.)

Permanent

Duty.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

Goods — Tobacco, continued

s.

d.

S. d.

any Duty, or taken out of such Warehouses for Home Consumption or Manufacture, on Payment of the Duties due and payable on Tobacco of the Growth or Production of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantation*, I (lands, or Territories in America.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which such Tobacco may be warehoused, Sec 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 99.

- Snuff, taken and condemned as Prize and secured

in Warehouses according to Law, may be exported therefrom, without Payment of any Duty, or taken out of such Warehouses for Home Consumption, on Payment of the Duties due and payable on Snuff of the Growth or Production of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which such Snuff may be warehoused, Sec 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 99.

- Ships or Vessels condemned as Prize or as Droits

of Admiralty (except Ships of War or Private Ships or Vessels of War) with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, (except Sails) for every iool. of the Value -

Note — Ships of War or Private Ships or Vessels of War taken and condemned as Prize, or as Droits of Admiralty, with the Sails, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture belonging to such Ships or Vessels, are Duty Free.

- Ships or Vessels condemned as Prize in any of

His Majesty's Dominions out of Great Britain (not being Ships of War or Private Ships or Vessels of War) arc subject to Duty, which shall be paid on the first Arrival of any such Ships or Vessels at any Port in Great Britain, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Goods taken as Prize and condemned Abroad may, on Importation, be warehoused on Payment of the Duty charged in this Table, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 99.

Note — No Duties whatever shall be demanded or taken for any Goods condemned as Prize confiding of Military or Ship Stores, Sails, Cordage, Anchors and Cables, Mailt, Yards, Bowsprits, Blocks, Guns, Gunpowder, Shot, Mat 1 Gun Carriages, Cartridges and other Mat^ u reto belonging, and all Timber and I erted

10 00

3

8

J

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. 0*98* 387

TABLE (C.) Permanent Duty. Temporary or War Duty.

Goods, continued. into and made fit for Ship Building, or for any of the UTes and Purposes aforesaid 5 Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, Biscuit, Small Beer, Pease and Oatmeal, Sailors* Clothes, Hummocks, Bedding and Apparatus, and Instruments belonging to Surgeons, Builion, or for any Goods which may be imported into Great Britain Duty free. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Prize Goods may on Condemnation be secured in Warehouses, See43 Geo. 3. cap. 134. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 9;. Note. — Goods, Wares, and Merchandize condemned as Prize or as Droits of Admiralty, having been secured in Warehouses according to Law, may be taken out of such Warehouses to be used 6r consumed in Great Britain on Payment of the Remainder of the Duties which would at the Time of such taking out have been due and payable to His Majesty thereon, if the same had been regularly imported by Way of Merchandize into Great Britain. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under wh ch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, condemned as Prize or as Droits of Admiralty, having been warehoused according to Law, may he exported from thence without Payment of any further Duty imposed by the Act to which this Table is annexed, See 4.$ Geo. 3. cap. 134. £ t. d. £. i.

TABLE (D.)

TONNAGE DUTY on Ships and Vessels entering Inwardsr Of Outwards (except in Ballad) in any Poit in Great Britain, from or to Foreign Parts*

TONNAGE DUTY. Permanent Duty. Temporary or War Duty.

Ga Ships and Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards, (except in Ballad) in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts, For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad,) from or to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, or Alderney, the Greenland Seas, or the Southern Whale Fisherv - Cca £ 606 A \ d. 096

388 C. 98, 99* 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

TONNAGE DUTY. Permanent Duty. Temporary or War Duty.

On Ships and Vessels, continued. s£ s. d. e£ s. d*

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar - - - 010 010

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from or to any Port or Place in Russia, or within the Baltic Sea - 010 010

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from or to any Port or Place in Europe, except the Isle of Man - 010 0* 0

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from or to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - - - 030 0 3 0

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards, (except in Ballad;, from or to the Cape of Good Hope 026 026

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from or to any Port or Place in Africa, not otherwise enumerated or described - 010 010

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from or to the Island of Newfoundland, the Islands of Cape Breton, St. John, or Prince Edward's Istand, or the Coad of Labrador a 0 6 0 0.. 6

r \For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from or to any Port or Place in the United States, of America, any British Istand, Colony, or Plantation in America, or any other Part of America, not otherwise enumerated or described 010 010

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland; and for the regulating the Sale of such Liquors by Retail.

[x June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for the securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits, di{tilled*

in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted, by the Ring's most Excellent

3*9'

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. G99.

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the First Day of Fines on January, One thousand eight hundred and ten, whenever under or by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Ma- 3"^n<fer jesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty sixth 47 G. 3. ft- 2. Year of His present Majesty for the regulating and securing the CollcSion c. 17. §12.) of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, or any Act or Acts in force iucreafcdto tool, in Ireland, for amending the same, the Court at any Assizes or Pre* ^asecond fenting Term shall be required to fine any Parish, Towniand, Manor, or Lordship, ou account of any nnlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, Offender has or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil for dividing been convi<ftdl Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having by an Inha-been found or used in any Place within any Parish, Towniand,

Manor, or Lordship, which has been or shall have been fined at the^25]4only;

preceding Assizes or Presenting Term on any of the said Accounts, under 48 G.3.

such Court shall fine such Parish, Towniand, Manor, or Lordship, ' c. si. §15.

in the Sum of One hundred Pounds in lieu of the Sum of Fifty

Pounds, in the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year mentioned and such Fine of One hundred Pounds shall be levied and recovered

in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means as by the said recited

Ad of the Forty-seventh Year, or by any other Act or Acts in

Force in Ireland is directed, with respect to any Fine of Fifty Pounds

to be levied on any Parish, Towniand, Manor or Lordship, under the said Acts or any of them: Provided always, that in Cases where v

under and by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend tie several Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duty on Spirits

distdledin Ireland, such Courtis required tofine such Parish, Towniand,

Manor or Lordship. in the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds only, in confluence of the Offender having been tried and convicted of a Misdeameanour by the Evidence of an Inhabitant of such Parish, Towniand,

Manor or Lordship, (not being an Officer of Customs or Excise,) such Court shall fine such Towniand, Parish, Manor or Lordship, in the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds only, in such Case.

II. And whereas by the said recited Act, made in the Forty*

eighth Year aforesaid, it is enacted, That whenever any Offender

shall be tried and convicted of a Misdemeanor in having made use of any Still, Still-head or Worm for distilUpg, or in having made or distilled any Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or in having brewed,

made, or fermented any Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, wherewith and

with the Intent to diflil Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, without having a Licence in force pursuan* to Law for drilling, by the Evidence of any Inhabitant (not being ao Officer of Efccife) of the Parish, Towniand, Manor or Lordship in which the Place shall be9situate, where such Offence was committed, uoon an Information given by such Inhabitant before any other Information for the said Offence shall have been given to a Magistrate, the Court before

*4 whom such Conviction shall be had at any Assizes or Presenting

Term shall fine such Parish, Towniand, Manor or Lordship, on9account of such Offence, in the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds only,

9 such Fine to be recovered and levied in Manner as in the said recited

Ad of the Forty-eighth Year is mentioned and directed, and that

no Part of fuqh Fine, or Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, fhalU bn

C c 3«applic4

39°

C-99*

49 GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Where an

Inhabitant entitled to Fine of 25l. under 48 G. 3. c. 81., shall give up his Right, the Court shall not impose such Fine. Biftributlon of Penalties, exceeding 25l.

One Moiety to Informer, &c. as under 47 G. 3. ft. 2. c. 17. §19.

The other Moiety of Fine* on Parities may be paid to Persons setting up licensed Stills therein; on Certificate of Sessions.

f applied to the Society for discountenancing Vice and promoting

Virtue in the City of Dublin, nor to the Treasurer of any Publ'cjc

Infirmary or Hospital of any County, Town, or City, but the whole

of such Fine or Sum of Twenty-five Pounds shall be applied and

paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to ' such Inhabitant who shall have so given the first Information, and by whose Evidence such Conviction shall have been had; or to the Justice of the Peace before whom such Information shall have been

made, to be by him applied in rewarding such Informer, or other-

wife promoting the Supprefii >n of Private Stills within h's Jurisdiction, according to the Direction of the Court; Be it enacted, That in case such Inhabitant shall (late in such Information that he ia willing to give up all Right which he could claim in such Fine, if imposed, it shall not be lawful for such Court, in such C^fe, to fine any such Parish, Towriland, Manor or Lordship on account of such Offence in the said Sum of Twenty five Pounds, 'or in ar.y other Snm whatever, any Thing in the said recited Act or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Fine exceeding the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, after deducing the reout the Cods of recovering the same, if such Cods shall not be paid by the Direction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty*seventh Year aforesaid; but where such Cods shall be so paid, then the whole of such Fine, without any Deduction, shall be applied in Manner following; (that is to say,) one Moiety thereof, or of so jnuch thereof as shall remain after deducting the Costs in the Case aforesaid) shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to the Officer of Excise, or to the Informer or Justice of the Peace, to whom One Moiety of the Fine of Fifty Pounds is given by the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid, in Manner as is direct.d in and by the said recited Act; and the other Moiety of all and every such Fine or Fines (or of so much thereof respectively, as may remain after deduding the Costs in the Case aforesaid) shall be paid by every such Treasurer on the Certificate herein after mentioned, to tht Person or Persons who shall set up and work any licensed Still of lef» than One thousand Gallons Content within any Parish, Towdand, Manor or Lordship in which any such Fine shall have betn levied j Provided always, that the Claim of every such Person shall be determined on and certified by the Justices of Peace at any Quarter Sessions, whether held by Adjournment or otherwise, within the County, County of a City or Town wherein such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship shall be situated; and in case more Persons than One shall claim such Moiety of sny such Fine or Fines, such Court of Quarter Sessions shall and may prefer the Claim of the Person who shall have set up the Still of the larged Content, or shall and may divide such Moiety of such Fine or Fines, among all the Claimants entitled, in Shares to each in proposition to the Contents of their resprctive Stills; or shall and may adjudge the whole of such Moiety of any Finetoc Fines to the Person who shall have first set up and worked a Licensed Still in every such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, according as such Court shall in their Discretion think most conducive to the Encouragement of licensed, and the Discouragement of clandestine Di foliation; and it shall be lawful for such Court of Quarter Sessione to

take

39*

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 99.

t«ke such Security as in the Judgment of such Court shall seem proper, that every Person who shall receive any such Fine or Fines, or any Portion thereof, shall continue to work his Still during any such Period, not lefa than Four Months in the Year, as such Court shall think reasonable, and which such Court shall direct accordingly; and if no such Certificate shall be made by such Justices at any Quarter S ffijns within S; x Months after the Time when any such Fine or Fines shall have bem levied, then and in such Case One Fourth Part of such Fine, (or of so much thereof as may remain after deducing the Coils in the Case aforesaid,) shall be paid by every such Treasurer for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, into the Hands of the Collector of Excise for the District in which the Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, off which such Fine shall be levied shall be situate; and the remaining Foirth Part of such Fine, (or of so much thereof as may remain, after deducing the Costs in the Case aforesaid,) shall be paid by every such Treasurer, if in the County of Dublin, or County of the C»ty of Dublin, to the Society for discountenancing Vice and promoting Virtue in the said City, for the Use of the said Society, and if in any other County, or County of a Town or City, to the Treasurer of the Public Infirmary or Hospital of such County, Town, or Cty, for the Use of the said Infirmary or Hospital; or for or towards erecting and maintaining One or more Ward or Wards for Idiots, or Lunatics, or towards erecting and supporting Difpcnfaries for furnishing Medicines, and giving Medical Aid and Relief to the Poor, in such Places within the County as the Grand Jury shall have presented Money for the Establishment of Dispensaries therein, as the Governors of such Infirmary or Hospital shall think fit.

u Fines already imposed, but not levied before Summer Affiz?s 1809, €' shall be applied as under this Act, §4.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Collnsion in leaving or bringing in or into any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, any unlicensed Still, or other Utensil for distilling of Spirits, whereby such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, shall become liable to the Payment of any Fine, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be paid to the Person suing for the same; and in case such Person shall be an Inhabitant of such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, the Money so recovered shall be by him applied in Repayment to and among himself and the other Landholders and Inhabitants of such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, in the Shares and Propositions paid by them respectively, on account of such Fine, in such Manner as the Judge or Court before whom such Penalty shall be recovered shall order and direct: Provided always, that no such Penalty shall be recovered by more than One Person, on account of One and the same Offence 5 and that if more Persons than One shall proceed for such Penalty, the same shall be recovered by the Person who shall have first commenced his Action for the same 5 and in case the Party convicted of any such collusive PraAicea shall be an Officer appointed by or afling under the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or the Commissioners of Customs or Port Duties, such Person shall, upon Conviction of such Offence, over and above the Payment of such penal Sum of Fift^Pounds, be, and he is hereby declared and rendered

C c 4 incapable

Or on Faflure of such Certificate, one quarter to the Coiie<$\or of Excise, and the other to Charities.

Penalty on Colttifion is

charging Parish with Fines, Z>OL

If by an Officer, Incapacity, 8cc.

3.92

Informer shall declare if he knows the Parties guilty, x rnd shall be bound over to prosecute them for a Misdeameanour.

Treasurers shall account at Assizes for Receipt and Application of all Fines imposed for jilted Stills.

Exceptions.

C. 99. 4pe GEO. IB. A.D. 1809.

incapable of holding any Office or Employment whatsoever, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or any Authority derived under His Majesty* his Heirs or Successors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall give any Information of any Offence which by Law is declared to be a Misdemeanor, and whereby any Parish. Townland, Manor or Lordship, shall be and become liable to any Fine, such Informer shall at the same Time make Oath and declare in such Information whether or not he knows any of the Person9 concerned in the committing of any such Offence, and if he docs know such Persons he shall declare their Names in such Informations, and the Magistrates before whom such Informations shall be given, shall forthwith bind over such Informer to prosecute such Persons for a Misdemeanor according to the Law* in force in Ireland\ and such Magistrate shall also issue his Warrant to apprehend such Persons, that they may be dealt with according to Law; and if such Informer shall not give Evidence against such Person when brought to Trial, he shall not be entitled to receive any Part of any such Fine; any Thing in any Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. ' And, for securing the more regular and speedy Application

by the Treasurers of the several Counties, Counties of Cities and

Towns in Ireland\ of all Fines impofvd at the several Assizes or

Presenticg Terms on Parishes, Townlands, Manors and Lordships, on account of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil for dittilling of Spirits, or

any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found

or used in any Place within any such Parish, Townland, Manor or

Lordship, Be it enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand eight hundred and nine, it shall not be lawful for any CDurt or Judge at any Affixes or Presenting Term in any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, to fiat any Preferment for the Salary of or for any per Ccutage or Allowance payable to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or Town* unless such Treasurer shall at such Assizes or Presenting Term produce to such Court or Judge upon Oath, which Oath such Court or Judge is hereby empowered and required to administer, a full, separate, and true Account of the Receipts and Payments by such Treasurer on account of all such Fines as shall have been imposed on any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, for the Causes before mentioned, or any of them, at any preceding Assizes for such County, County of a City or Town, (or Presenting Term, if for the County of Dublin,) and as shall not have been previously paid and accounted for by such Treasurer; and also, unless it shall appear by such Account that no Part of the Monies received by him on account of such Fines remains in his Hands unapplied; except in Cases where the same has not been demanded of him or at his Offi-e by the Persons entitled to receive the same, all which Cases shall be verified by the said Treasurer on Oath; and except in Cases where it shall appear that an Information has been lodged against the seizing Officer for fraudulent Practices, in any which Case it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer to withhold the said Sum or Sums so claimed by said Officer, until such Information shall be tried or otherwise disposed of; and in case the said seizing Officer shall be convicted thereon, such Treasurer shall pay over every such Sum and Sums to the Churchwardens of such

Parish,

393

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 99.

Parish, or to Come one Inhabitant of such Townhtnd, Manor or Lord*

ship, to be distributed to and among the Landholders and Iohabit* ants of such Parish, Townland, ManOr or Lordship, in the Shares and Propositions paid by themf respectively on account of such Fines.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall Treifurer fuel at any Time be brought or commenced against any Treasurer of any f<* "J Share of County, County of a City or County of a Town u., by an,

Officer of Excise, or by any other Person or Persons, or by or on behalf of the Governors of the Public Infirmary or Hospital of the County, Town or City, or by or on behalf of the Society for difeoun* tenancing Vice and promoting Virtue, or by or on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for any Share or Proposition of any such Fines imposed for the Causes lad before-mentioned, or any of them, which such Officer or Person, or Governors of such County Infirmary, or Hospital or Society, or which His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, may by Law be entitled to receive or recover, or for any Costs which ought by Law to be paid by such Treasurer out of any Money in his Hands arising from any such Fine; and if the Plaintiff in such Action shall obtain a Verdict or Judgment against such Treasurer, such Plaintiff shall be entitled to his or their Treble Costs, to be awarded against such Treasurer, and to be recovered in such Maimer as Costs may by Law be recovered against any Defendant.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Collectors flail Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine*r«ieive

it shall not be lawful for any Court or Judge at any Assizes (or Pre- '

fenting Term, if in the City of Dublin) to discharge any Quere on they have

any Preferment for the Poundage or Wages of any Collector or colle&eda

High Constable acting as a Collector for any Barony, Half Barony, such Russ.

or County of a City or County of a Town, or to allow in the Accounts

of the Treasurer any Sum of Money on account of Poundage or Wage

of any such Collector or High Constable, nor shall aoy such Collector or High Constable in his Accounts with the Treasurer of the Sum*

levied by him, detain, keep, or claim Credit for, to his own Use, any

Sum by way of Poundage or Wages for any Money he shall have

collected since the preceding Assizes or Presenting Term, unless such

Collect or High Constable shall, before the Commission Day of such

Assizes, or the First Day of such Presenting Term, have collected

and paid to such Treasurer the full Amount of all such Fines imposed

on any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lord ship, under the said recited Acts of the Forty-seventh and Forty-eighth Years aforesaid, or under this Act, as such Collector shall have been authorised or required to collect by the Warrant of any such Treasurer, to be issued after the passing of this Act, at any Time after the Assizes or Presenting Term

then next preceding.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Justice of the Proof of signing Peace shall take or receive any Information for any Offence relating of Information to any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, jji*

or any Worm or Utensil for distilling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, [s&ti G. 3. Low Wines, or Singlings, under the Directions and Provisions of the ^.a. c. 17. §19 J said recited Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the regulating and securing the Collect ion of the Duties on Spirits dtflilkd in Ireland $ or under the Directions or

Pro-

m

fVnalty on Persons inforing agminft Fines on Parities, &e. £liftlemeanor.

Pfcriftes m Yefbymay appoint Person* discover and pcofecute for Offences in

iflegat Distil-fctiou, &«v

C. 99. 49° GEO. III. A.D. t Sep.

Provisions of my Act or Acts for amending the said recited Act in force in Ireland at the Time of such Information, or shall sign any Notice of such Information to be served upon the Inhabitants of any Parish, Town land, Manor or Lordship, pursuant to the Directions of any such Act or Acts, Proof of the Hand-writing of such Justice to such Information or Notice respectively, by the Oath of any One credible Witness, shall be deemed sufficient Evidence that such Information was taken and so signed by such Justice, or that such Notice was so signed by such Justice respectively as aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Thirty Days after the passing of this Act. if any Person whatsoever shall insure or take, or agree to take, or receive any Sum of Money, or Security for Money or Deposit for the Insurance of, or be in any Way concerned in any Partnership, Fellowship, Club, Office or Society for the Insurance or Indemnity of any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, or of any Person or Persons, against or from the paying of any Money for or towards the discharging of any Fine which may be imposed on any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, or on any of the Inhabitants thereof, on account of any unlicensed SrHI, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil for distilling of Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, having been found or used in any Place within such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship; or if any Person or Persons shall give or pay, or cause to be given or paid, to any other Person or Persons any Money, or any Security, Obligation or Undertaking, to pay any Money, or make any Deposit with such Person or Persons, as an Indemnity or Security against, or to be applied in the Payment and Satisfaction of any such Fine, or in any Way to indemnify such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, or the Inhabitants thereof, or any of them, against the Payment of any such Fine or any Part thereof 5 then and in every such Case every Person concerned or engaged in ady such Insurance or other Transaction aforesaid, as well the Period who shall so infune, or who shall pay a Deposit, as the Person who shall accept, take or receive any such Sum of Money, or any such Security, Obligation, Undertaking, or Indemnity as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, refining near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, on Information on Oath of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Person, and, on Examination into the Complaint, to commit such Person to Gaol, there to rrmam until delivered by due Course of Law; and in case any Indictment shall be found against such Person, such Person shall plead thereto without having Time to traverse the same; and it shall be lawful for the Court, by and before whom such Person shall be tried and con-v»d*d, to inflid such Punishment on such Person as may by Law be anflided on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors.*

XII.«And whereas it may tend to the Suppression of illicit DistiL 4 lation if Parishes were allowed to appoint certain Persons for the*Purpose of discovering and preventing such Practices; Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens of any Parish, at the Desire of any Two Inhabitants of such Pkrish, to convene a Vestry for the Purpose of eleding One or more Person or Persons for the Purpose of discovering and prosecuting all Offences against any Act or Acts in force in Inland,

for

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 99. 395

for the regulating and securing the Collecton of the Duty on Spiritt in Ireland, of which Ten Days Notice shall be given.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons so chosen, and Oath of Perfboa who shall consent to act, shall take the following Ouh before any One so W Magi (Irate or Ju&ice of Peace, which Oath such Magistrate or Justice of Peace is hereby empowered to administer

I A.B. do swear. That so long as I shall hold the Office to which

*X I have been theLd for the Parish of I will

# use my utmost Endeavours to prevent and suppress all illicit Distil-

latinn of Spirits within the said Parish, and to prosecute and convict

any Person or Persons concerned in such Practices.

So help me GOD.*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Pwifljyimty for the Panfhiont-rs of such Parish in Vestry so assembled, to aiTefs

such Parish to the Amount of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds {or such in any oae Year, to be applied in the indemnifying of such Inspectors Inspectcs*, &»'for their Trouble and Expence, and a so for the Purpose of carrying into Execution this present Act and all other Act for the Prevention and Suppression of illicit DilliKation in Ireland.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty- Grocers ticenftd ninth Day of September One thousand tight hundred and n*ne, when* to reta.l Spirit* ever any Grocer, or Person exercising the Trade and Business of a J

Grocer, or who shall be licensed as a Grocer, shall also be licensed to $*14*

sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, according to the Provisions in Quantities of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Mijrfty's from Two Reign, intituled, /In Ad to make further Regulations with respect to Quarts to Fifty Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland; 3

it shall and may be lawful for such Grocer, or such Person as afore- £ 73 §2>3j said, without having or obtaining any other Licence for the Purpose, to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantities not less than Two Quarts and not exceeding Fifty Galions; any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Brazier, Tinman, or Penalty on Worker of Tin, or other Person dealing in Brass. Copper, Ttn or Braziers having othei Metal, shall at any Time after the Expiration of Ten Days after Stills under the Day of the passing of this Act, make or repair, or have in his or JWeffioo her Pofltflion in Ireland, any Still whatever not made of Copper, or (except for shall make or repair, or have in his Possession any Still, the Content Re&ifiers, he.)m of the Body whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage, or neglecting to thereto, shall be less than Fifty Gallons (other than and except Stills m^e Return* of of the Dimensions allowed by Law to be used by Reftifiers or Compounders, or at Apothecaries' Hall in Dublin, or by some Chemist,

Apothecary, Druggist, or Person duly licensed, for the making or nnlicensed keeping of which last mentioned Stills, such Brazier or other Person Persons having aforesaid shall have obtained a Licence according to Law;,) or if any.

[?.«0?e?|0, n?* Brazier or Person working in Copper, Brass, or Tin, shall after the ^Worm-

said Time wilfully omit, neglect, or refuse to make a true Return, Misdemeanor. verified by Affidavit, to the Collector of the District in which such Brazier or other Person aforesaid shall reside, of the Name and Place of Abode of every Person for whom such Brazier or other Person as aforesaid shall make or repair any Still, Still Head, or Worm, or to whom such Brazier shall fell or deliver any Still, Still Head, or Worm, before such Brazier shall fyffer the same to be taken or delivered out

39$

C-99-

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

IVnaky on Retailers having tiff selling Spirits, not having paid Dmy, 10UL and Forfeiture £ Licence.

Rower* to Clerk af Peace under 4i C. 3.C. 50. §8. to Hcenfc Retailers, oh Certificate of Two Magistrates xepoafed.

Rtety applying Sbi Licence to Sessions, store than Seven Miles dillant, Rail produce

of his House, Shop or Place of Work; or if any Person whatsoever, not being a licensed Brazier, or Person duly licensed or allowed to have and keep a Still according to Law, shall have in his or her Poflcf-lion any Still, Still Head, or Worm, every Person in any of the Cases aforesaid, offending as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace irefiding near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, on Information on Oath of any inch Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Person, and on Examination into the Complaint to commit such Person to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by due Course of Law; and in case any Indict nent shall be found against such Person, he or she shall plead thereto without having Time to traverse the same; and it ftiallbe lawful for the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted to inflict such Punishment on such Person for such Offence as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Mifderceanor?.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be licensed to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland shall at any Time or Times after the Twenty-fourth Day of June t One thousand eight hundred and nine, knowingly receive into or have in his or her Custody or Possession, or shall knowingly sell or dispose of any Spirits distilled in Ireland on which all Duties {hill not have been fully paid and satisfied; or any Spirits which shall have been made or distilled by any Person, or in any Place not duly licensed according to Law for that Purpose; every such Retailer so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and the Licence previously granted to such Retailer shall be and become ipso facta, void; and every such Retailer who, after such Licence shall become void, shall retail any Spirituous Liquors, or other Liquors, shall be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland are infli&td on Persons selling Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, without being duly licensed for that Purpose.

XVIII. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty-fitth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by Retail, and for dise our aging the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, it is among other Things enacted, That, in cale at any Special or General Sessions no Order shall be given for issuing Licences in Manner prefenbed in the said recited Act, or ia case no Order shall be given thereat for issuing Licences in any particular Barony or Half Barony, it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the Peace to issue a Licence to any Person or Persons whom any* Two Magistrates of the County, residing within Five Miles of the Habitation of such Person, shall certify to be a proper Person for being entrusted with the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors at such Place as shall be mentioned in such Certificate; Be it enacted,

That so much of the said last recited Act as is htrein-before rehearsed and set forth, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall apply for a Licence to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, under the Provisions of the said last-recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year, or any Act for amending the same, at any Special or General Sessions which shall be held at any Place more than Seven Miles distant from the

A.D. 1809. 49 % GEO. III. C. 95). 397

the Place of Abode of the Person so applying for such Licence, such Person shall not be entitled to receive, nor shall receive any such

Licence, nor shall any such Licence be granted to such Person unless giww.

such Person, shall at such Special or General Sessions produce and deliver to the Court a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of Two Magistrates, both rdiding within Seven Miles of such Person so applying, or residing nearest to the Place of Abode of such Person,

(fating that such Person is in the Opinion of the said Magitlraces, a fit and proper Person to be intrusted with the S-de ofr Spirituous Liquors,

Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, at such Place as shall be mentioned in such Certificate; and that such PJace is a proper Place for the Sale of such Spirituous and other Liquors; and if such Licence shall be granted or refused to be granted at such Special or General Sessions, on such Application as aforesaid, such Licence or Refusal shall be subject to all such Regulations, and to such Benefit of Appeal, and to such other Restrictions and Provisions as are contained with respect to Licences in the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Ycat* aforesaid, or in any Act or Acts for amending the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Spirits made of Irish Spirits oat distilled in Ireland, and on which all Duties payable by Law shall not ^vinS P* have been fully paid and satisfied, shall at any Time after the passing Boats, &e. of this Act, be found on board any Beat or other Vessel, being in any inHarboure, may Port, Harbour, Haven, Creek, River, Canal, or Dock in Ireland, be seized and or within eight Leagues of the Shores of Ireland, all such Spirits, forfeited, and and the Boat or Vessel in which the same shall be found, with all her Parties Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or ExcHe; and every Person foraMifda-who shall be found on board, or discovered to have been on board meantr. such Boat or other Vessel (other than and except such Person only who shall have paid for, or bond Jide agreed to pay for his Passage, and who shall no Way be concerned in the Property of the Boat or of the Spirits) shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor; and it shall be lawful for any such Officer or Officers, Qr any Person px Persons acting in his or their Aid, to flop, arrest, and detain all and every Person and Persons whatever, so found on board or discovered*to have been on board such Boat or other Vessel, anti to convey all and every such Person and Persons before any Justice of the Peace in Ireland residing near the Place where any such Person shall be so taken and a r re fled; and it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby required, upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses that such Person was so found, or taken, or discovered as aforesaid, (unless such Person shall prove to the Satisfaction of such Justice that he had paid for, or bond Jide agreed to pay for his Passage on board such Boat, or Vessel, and that he was no way concerned in the Property of such Boat or Vessel, or of the Spirits therein) to hold such Person to bail with two sufficient Sureties for the Appearance of such Person to answer to any Indictment or Information that may be brought against him in that Behalf; and in case any Person so liable to be held to bail shall make Default in finding such sufficient Bail as aforesaid, or until such Bail shall be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Person to the Gaol of the County, Town, or Place in which such Person shall be arrested, to answerns aforesaid.

39

Penalty on Persona removing Spirit* by Land, not having paid Duty; if not more than Five in Company, Misdemeanor j if more than Five, or with Force, &c. Felony.

Stflfh exceeding Fifty Galions, or Metal predated lor Stills, shall be imported into Ireland only at Tobaceo Torts; and entered as Stills, tic. and shall not he removed from thence without Permits.

C. 99W 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Thirty Days after the Day of the passing of this Act, if any Persons shall be found passing in Company together ia any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly haring in their Custody any Spirituous Liquors diitilled in Ireland, on which all Duties payable by Law shall not have been duly paid, or any unlicensed Still, Still Head, Worm, or Appendage to such Still, every such Person, if there shall not be Five in the Whole, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer such Punishment as in other Cases of Misdemeanor is herein-before mentioned; or if there shall be Five or more, or if any Person or Persons shall carry any of Lnfive Arms or Weapons, or wear any Vizard, Malk, or other Disguise, when passing with any such Spirituous Liquors, or unlicensed Still, Still Head, Worm, or Appendage to such Still in their Care, Custody, or Possession, and shall carry such Spirits in any Calk or Calks, or Jar or Jars, on the Side or Sides of any Horse, or if any Two or more Persons shall be found assembled together armed with Fire Arms or other offensive Arms or Weapons, in order to be aiding and afiisting, or being aiding and assisting in illegally removing or carrying, or conveying any such Spirituous Liquors, unlicensed Stiff. Still Head, Worm, or Appendage to such Still, or in refeuing any Person who shall be apprehended for, or in the preventing the Apprehension of any Person who shall be guilty of the Lid Offences or any of them, every Person being legally convicted of such Offence, shall be deemed, taken, and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall for such Offence be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this A A, no Still, Pot, Pan, or Copper or Boiler, exceeding Fifty Gallons Content, or any Copper Metal or other Metal ready cut, prepared or fitted, so as to be put together for the making of any Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or for the making of any Utensil used or intended to be used, or fit or proper to be used, or which may be used or applied in the Procefa Jof distilling Spirits, shall be imported into any Port or Place in Ireland, Except at some Port into which Tobacco is by Law allowed to be imported; and that every Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, exceeding Fifty Gallons Content, and all Copper Metal and other Metal so cut, prepared or fitted as aforesaid, which from and after the Expiration of the said Ten Days shall be imported into any such Tobacco Port in Ireland\ shall there be entered as a Still, Pot, Pan, Copper pr Boiler, or as being Copper or other Metal (specifying the Metal) cut, prepared, or fitted to be so put together; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to take or remove any such Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or any such Copper Metal or other Metal so entered from the Custom House of the Port at which the same shall be so imported, without a Permit for the Removal of the same from the proper Officer of the Excise, which Permit such Officer shall grant without Fee or Reward; and such Permit shall contain in the Body thereof the Name of the Person importing such Still, Pot, Pan, Copper, cr Boiler, or such Copper Metal or other Metal, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons to whom, and the Place to which such Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or such Copper Metal or other Metal is intended to be sent, and also the Content

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 99. 399

in Gallons of such Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler or intended Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, and of the Head thereof or other Appendage respectively, if there shall be any Head or other Appendage thereto 5 and the Person to whom any such Still, Pot, Pan*

Copper or Boiler, or any such CopDer Metal or other Metal shall be conveyed shall, within Forty-eight Hours after the Arrival of the same, deliver up the Permit under which the same shall have been conveyed, to the proper Excise Officer of the Walk in which such Person shall reside, and such Officer shall thereupon grant a Certificate to such Person in lieu of such Permit 5 and in case any such Copper Metal or other Metal shall be fitted together, and set up or fixed (o as to form a Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or B>iler, or so as to form any UteniU fit or proper to be used, or which can or shall be used as a Still, Pot,

Pan, Copper, or Boiler, the Person on whose Premises the same shall be so fitted together, set up, or fix<d, shall within Forty-eight Hours give Notice thereof to the Collector of Excise of the District in which such Person shall reside; and if any such Still, Pot, Pan, Copper, or Boiler, or any Copper Metal or other Metal so cut, prepared or fitted ns a fore fa id, shall be imported into any other Port or Place in Ireland, except at some Tobacco Port as aforesaid 5 or if any such Still, Pot, Pan. Copper or Boiler, or any such Copper Metal or other M.'tal so cut, prepared or fitted as aforesaid, shall be found conveying or conveyed, and for the Conveyance of which such Permit shall not be produced, or shall be found in the Custody or Possessim, Workhouse or Warehouse of any Brazier or Worker in Brass, Copper, Tin, or Metal of any Kind, or of any Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, or of any Distiller, or of any other Person or Persons whatsoever without such Permit or a Certificate thereof, or without such Notice having been given as aforesaid $ then and in every such Case such Still*

Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or such Copper Metal, or other Metal so cut, prepared or fitted as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may bt seized by any Officer of Excise; and any Licence before such Time granted to any Person in whose Custody or Possession such Still, Pot,

Pan, Copper or Boiler, or such Copper Metal or other Metal as afore-fa*d shall be found, shall be and become null and void.

XXIII. And wheread it may be expedient for the better Col-

le&ion of the Revenue, and the Supprtffijn of clandestine distilling,

to allow in certain Parts of Ireland, particularly where illicit Dillii-

lation has prevailed, the Use of Stills of a less Size than Two hundred«Gallons Content in Manner and under the Restrictions herein contained Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Four Commit the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any of Excise Four of them, to grant any Licence to any Person or Persons in Ireland

to keep and use, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of Septembern&er 200 Gal-One thousand eight hundred and nine, any Still or Stills, the Body ions and not whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall be left thin so capable of containing less than Two hundred Galions, and not less Gallons Content, than Fifty Gallons Content* in such Place or Places in Ireland a* such Commissioners, or any Four of them shall think proper, any Thing in any Act or Acts in force ih Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding 5 subject, nevertheless, to such Restrictions and Provisions as are herein after mentioned and contained.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Such small Still* Persons shall be licensed by the said Commissioners to keep or use not be

any liceufed vithin

C. 99. .49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Five Miles of Still of 500 > Gallons Content Off upwards: and under Regulations in Jiats.

46 G. 3. c. 88.

47 G. a. ft. 2* c. 17.

If a Licence is

Sd for a Still

Five Miles of a fonall Still licensed under this Act, the small one may be continued.

No Person shall be licensed to use both a great and small Still

fonthly Charges I Stills iu lieu " all former larges under i G. 3. c. 88. 49: and G. 3. It. 2.

17. §6. fee TabU mexed to this

any such Still or Stills, of a Content less than Two hundred Gallons in any Place or Part of Ireland within Five Miles of any Distillery House or Place wherein any Still or Stiils of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards shall at the Time be licensed to be kept or used, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that ail Licences to any Person or1 Persons to keep or use any such Still or Stills of a Content ltfs than Two hundred Galions, shall be signed by Four of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and shall be granted in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Rest rift ions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are pro-irided and enacted by two Acts, one made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such Spiritsfor Exportation, and the other made in the Forty-fevrnth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, to amend the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year with respect to Stills allowed to be licensed under the said recited Acts or either of them.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissionera shall grant a Licence to any Person or Persons, or keep or use a Still or Stills of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards in any Piace within Five Miles of a Dist'llery where one or more Still or Stills of less than Five hundred Gallons Content shall be licensed to be kept or used under this Act, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, such Still or Stills of less than Five hundred Gallons Content may be continued to be kept and used at the same House in such Place, and the Licence for so doing may be renewed for One Year from the Twenty-ninth Day of September next following the Period at which such Still of Two hundred Gallons Content or upwards shall be actually (et at work, and from Year to Year after at the same House in such Place, to the Person or Persons licensed to keep such Still of less than Five hundred Gallons Content, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of such Person or Persons; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstandiner.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be licensed to keep or use a Still of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards, and a Still of a less Size than Five hundred Gallons Content, at one and the same Time; nor to keep or use Two Still*, either of which shall be of a less Size than Five hundred Galions, at one and the same Time.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wtnes set forth in the said Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of H s present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits difitiled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation, and in the said herein before recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, for the Quantity of Spirits produceable where from any Distiller is chargeable with Duty in respect of every Still used by such Distiller, every Distiller shall, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, for every Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days which any such Still shall continue or shall be presumed to continue working under the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Aft8 in force in Ireland, be charged with and shall pay Duty for such respective Quantities of

4oi

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 99.

Spirits as might be produced, aocording to the Rates specifiql in the said Acts from the several Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines severally set forth in the Table to this Act annexed, for and in respect of each and every Still, being of the several Contents in the said Table specified and contained: And that every Distiller shall, over and above such several Quantities respectively be charged with and pay Duty in respect of each and every Still or Stills for as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates in the said Acts mentioned from all Pot Ale, Wash, Low Wine* or Singlings, which such Distiller shall actually distil within every Period of four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, over and above such several Quantities respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the 46G. 3. c. s§. Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand eight hundred and §47*. so far as nine, so much of the said Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His J^ouin present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the regulating Singlingsto die and secur\ng the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, Quantity of and the warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation, as enads that the Waft, repealed. Officer of Expife keeping an Account of Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings in any Distillery shall charge the Distiller upon any'Decrease of Wash or Pot Ale for a Quantity of Singlings calculated after the Rate of One Gallon of Singlings, for every Four Gallons of Wash or Pot Ale so decreased, shall be and the same is hereby repealed: Provided always, that every such Officer shall charge such Charge of Di^iller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirit* ju Spirits for every Five Gallons of Singlings which shall be actually produced by such Distiller. from any Wash or Pot Ale brewed from 1115 s*' Corn malted or unmalted, and upon any Decrease of any such Low Wines or Singlings such Officer shall charge such Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of Singlings or Low Wines so decreased.

Recital of 48 G. 3. c. 81. § t, repealing 46 G. 3. c. 88. §52, as u to reducing Charge on Distillers: and the Provisions of 48 G. 3.

c. 81. §5, on the same Subject: In cases of Accidents having

r< happened to Distillers before the passing of the Ad 48 G. 3. or this €t Ad, Commissioners of Excise, with Cenfent of Treasury, empowered " to order Return of Duty paid by Distillers. §29.

XXX. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth 46 G. 3.C. 83.

Year aforesaid for regulating and securing the Collection of the §*7«

Dutiefc on Spirits distilled in Ireland, it is among other Things enacted,

That all Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, made from Corn, which shall not be distihed athe Expiration of Six Days, including the Day

of brewing and the Day of ditlilling, shall be considered as Worts,

Wash or Pot Ale, not included in any former Charge against the

Distiller, and such Distiller shall be charged with Duty in respect of such Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale according to the Directions of the said Act; Be it enacted, That whenever any Distiller shall by the In case of Ac-burnipg or bursting of any Still by inevitable Accident have been cident, if Walh prevented from dilhlling any such Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale within h prevented such Period of Six Days, it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller distilled^thin to apply to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxe9, and Six Days, and i* in cale the said Commissioners shall be farislied upon the Oath of such actually distilled Distiller, or otherwise, tkat such Accident was enevitabie, and not within Nine

49° GEO. III." Dd'owing

43*

fioncra of Excise, with the Consent ot Treasury, may abate the Charge of Duty.

Notice of (nth Accident shall b»* given by the I)i (Idler* to the Officers, Survivor, CoII^or and Commis* ft mew.

Inhabitants of Towalands declared competent. Witnesses.

C. 99. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

owing to any Default or Negligence io such Distiller or his Servants, and that all such Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale were actually distilled at the Expiration of Nine Days, including the Day of brewing and the Day of diddling thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner?, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, to remit, abate, or reduce any Charge of Double Duty which may have been made upon such Distiller in respect of such Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale not having been distilled at the Expiration of Six Days as aforesaid $ any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary not with* (landing.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any such Accident by the burning or burding of a Still shall fake place whereby any Distiller shall be prevented from the diddling any Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, within such Period of Six Days, such Distiller shall within Six Hours after such Accident, give Notice of such Accident to the Officer of Excise in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, and shall within Twenty*four Hours next after such Accident give and transmit Notice thereof to the Surveyor of the Survey and Collector of Excise, of the District in which such Distillery is situate, and to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and in case of Neglect or Failure in the giving or transmitting of such Notices as aforesaid, or any of them, such Distiller shall not be entitled to any Remission, Abatement or Reduction of Duty on account of such Accident, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That in all Trials on Informations which may be traversed under this or the said recited Acts no Inhabitant of a Parish, Towniand, Manor or Lordship shall be deemed an incompetent Witness on account of his being, or being supposed to be interested as an Inhabitant in the Event of such Trial.

11 Powers of former Acts extended to this Act. j 33. Act may be 4< altered this Session. §34.

TABLE referred to by this Act.

NUMBER of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, for the Quantity of Spirits produceable where from every Distiller in Ireland shall be chargeable with Duty within a Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days in respect of every Still of furffrDistiller, being of the several Contents following v that is to say,

Contents of the Stii^l. - Number of Charges.

3000 Gallons and upwards - 58

Under 3000 Gallons and not less than 2750 Gallons 60

275° m» 2500 - - 62

- 2500 w + m m 2250 64

- 2250 - 2000 67

20001750 69

1750 — 150° - - 7*

; j5oo V m 1250 76

4©3

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C*99, 100*

Cowtents of the Still. Number of Charges.

I25O Gallons and upwards 1000 - 82

Under 1000 Gallons and not less than 750 Gallons 9*

- < — 750 - - 500 - 100

500 - m m 400 lIS

- 400 - - .5 co 129

- 300 - m m 200 - 144

200.*190 m 160

—. I90 m 180 - 168

- l80 - 170 — 176

- 170 - m m 160 184

- l6o - m m 150 m 192

- 150 - m m 140 m 200

- r — 140 m m 130 m 208

- 130 - fc 120 m m 216

120 m IIO m 224

- IIO - m m 100 — 2 32

- 100 - 90 240

- 90 - 80 — — 250

- 80 - m m 70*260

- 70 m m 60 270

- 60 - m 5° 280

CAP. C.

An Act to amend the several Acts for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Fortyfroenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland 5 it is among other Things provided and enacted, That upon any Sale by Auction of any Estate, Goods, or Effr&s, seized for the Benefit of any Creditor in Execution of any Judgment by any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or Person employed by him or them, the Sheriff or Sheriffs, under whole Authority*such Sale shall be made, shall be liable to and shall be charged and chargeable with the full Auction Duty on all Goods and Effects sold at such Sale, and that a Return or Account of such Sale, and Payment of the Duty thereon, shall be made by or on the Part of such*Sheriff: And whereas it is expedient that no Auction Duty should be paid on such Sales Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, apd by the Authority of the same, That after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, in case the Sheriff under whose Authority any such Sale shall be made* or his Under-Sheriff, shall certify at the Foot of the Return or Account of such Sale, that all the Estate, Goods, and Effects, in such Account speaified, were really the Property of the Person against whom such Judgment was had and obtained, and that the same and every Part thereof were actually seized in Execution of the same, Judgment, in

48 G. 3, c. S3, §6.

Sale by Auction of Estates or Efle&s taken in Execution exempt from Duty, on Gertificite of the SherHf, as required by

47 1.

C. 17. §22,

4»4

Fees shall be

payable on Criminal Prosecutions accord-ins; to the following Table*

C. ioojibi. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Manner directed and contained in an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein, such Certificate shall be a sufficient Authority to the Exami-nator of Auction Duty in Dublin, or to the Collector of Excise of the District, 23 thevCafe may be, to discharge the said Sheriff from all Duty on the Sale of such Goods by Auction, without any Payment of any such Duty, any Thing in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CI.

An Act to regulate the Fees payable by Persons charged with Treason, Felony, and all other Offences, at Assizes and Quarter Sessions in Ireland; and for amending an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, relating thereto.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS great Inconvenience results from the Uncertainty and Difference in the several Counties of Ireland, as to the

Rates of Fees payable on Criminal Profefcutions, ind the several

other Matters relating thereto, before the Judges of Assize and the«Chairman and other Justices at Sessions, and gfaat Mischief has arisen for want of the fatne being regulated and duly ascerrained

And whereas great Benefit would accrue from the due Regulation ' thereof Be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

-and by the Authority of the same, That no other or higher Fees than those enumerated in the Schedule herein after set forth, shall henceforward be payable on Criminal Prosecutions, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, in any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or other Place in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, to any of the Officers therein mentioned; that is to say

To the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, for each Person that shall be indicted and tried for High Treason -

To the same, for each Person that shall be indicted and tried for Petty Treason or Murder To the same, for each Person that shall be indicted and tried for Felony or other Offence

To the same, for each Person ^whose Trial shall be postponed to a subsequent Assizes, or other Time for opening and holding a fresh Commission of Assizes or Oyer and Terminer, Half the Fees that he is hereby entitled to charge on the foregoing Offences; and in case the Person charged by the Indictment shall postpone his Trial, he is to pay the same hhnself; at.d in case the Trial shall be postponed by the Crown or Prosecutor, then the said Half Fees are to be pre* fented off the County at large, in the same Manner that the Fees of the Prisoners acquitted are made payable as hereafter mentioned.

x. s. a.

2 13 4 i 13 4 1 6 —

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 101.

To the same, for each Person that shall be ordered to enter into Recognizance, whether to attend at a subsequent Assizes or Commission, or to be of the Ptace and good Behaviour -

To the same, on receiving every Burning, Houghing, Maiming, or other Petition

With a further Fee of Six Shillings in case he shall be required to draw and prepare the same.

To the same, for filing every Affidavit that shall be sworn in relation to Crirrpnal Business To the same, for making out and attestrng every Copy of such Affidavit

To the same, for every Crown Summons in which the Parties may insert the Names of Four Witnesses, requiring their Attendance to give Evidence on any of the Matters relating to Criminal Prosecution To the same, for every Bench Warrant or Crown Capias, in which the Names of all the Persons charged in the Indictment, that have not appeared or been tried shall be inserted -

To the same, for every Certificate that may be required of him in relation to Crown Business To the same, for the Copy of the Entry of each Indictment which he is by Law authorised to furnish To the same, for each Copy of an Examination which he is by Law authorised to furnish ... To the same, for the Copy of each- Indictment that he is by Law authorised to furnish -

To the same, for every Search he is required to make amongst his Records in relation to Crown Business To the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for each Person that shall be indiAcd and tried at the General Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, whether for Felony or other Offence -

To the same, for each Person whose Trial shall be postponed -

The same to be paid by Person charged in the Indictment, if he postpones his Trial 5 and if the Court or Prosecutor postpones the Trial, to be paid by Presentroent, in like Manner as the Fees of Persons acquitted To the same, for each Ptrfo^ that shall be ordered to enter into Recognizance, whether fqr good Behaviour or otherwise -

To the same, for filing every Affidavit that fyaU be sworn in relation to Drown Business To the lame, for making out a Cqpy, and a*testing every such Affidavit -

To the same, (or every Crown Summons in which thje Parties may insert the Names of Four Witnesses To the same, for every Bench Warrapt in which the Names of all the Parties named in the Indictment, Pd3

*. 1. d.

- 7 9

- 6 — — 6 —

- 34

- 3 4

- 3 4 3 4

- 6 .8 — 68

- 2 2

1 6

- 5

- 1 <5

- 6 8

- 34

- 5

that

4*S

49° GEO. III.

4©6 C.IOW

A.D. 1809.

that have not appeared or flood their Trials, are to be inserted -

To the same, for every Certificate in relation to Crown Business only -

To the same, for every Copy of an Indi&menc To the same, for every Copy of the Entry of such In-di&roent in Crown Book -

To the same, for every Copy of an Examination To the same, for every Search he shall be required to make amongst his Records in relation to Crown Business -

To the Sheriff or Under Sheriff, for each Person that shall be indicted and tried at either Assizes or Sessiona -

To the same, for each Person whose Trial shall be postponed, payable under the same Terms as before mentioned, relative to Clerks of the Crown and Peace, and their Deputies -

To the Gaoler for each Person that shall be indicted and tried at either Assizes or Sessions -

To the same, for each Person whose Trial shall be postponed, payable as before mentioned with respect to Clerks of the Crown, and the other Officers before mentioned

To the same, for the Copy of each Committal and Search -

To the Crier attending Assizes or Sessions, for each Person that shall be indicted and tried For each Person whose Trial shall be postponed, payable as before mentioned, with respect to the other Officers -

To the same, for every Recognizance that shall be entered into at Assizes or Sessions* and the Affidavits annexed thereto -

To the same, for every other Affidavit that shall be sworn in Court relating to Crown Business

j£. s, d*

- '3 4

- 3 4

- 3 4'

- 34

- 18

- 1 S

- 6 —

- 34

- 3 4

- 1 8

- 1 7

- 2 6

- 1 3

- 1 7

Penalty on taking And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Crown,

higher Fees, 10l. Clerk of the Peace, or any of their Deputies, Sheriff or Under Sheriff, Gaoler or Under Gaoler, or Turnkey, or Crier at Assizes or Sessions, or other Person acting under them, or any of them, shall demand, take, or accept, any other or higher Fee than the Sum or Sums dated and set forth in the foregoing Schedule, for the several Matters and Things therein contained and specified, or for or on account of any other Matter or Thing whatsoever relating thereto, each and every such Person so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered ia any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in DubRn, by Action of Debt, Bill, or Plaint, in which no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or mere than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, or by Civil Bill, to be beard and determined by the Affidant Barristers at the Sessions of the Peace in such Counties as the said Offences shall be committed.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 10r.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Grand Juries throughout Ireland, at each Assizes, to present for the several Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peatc, or their Deputies, Sheriffs, or Under Sheriffs, Gaoler*, and Criers, in Ueu of the Fees of fu.ch Persons as shall be indicted, tried, acquittrd and discharged, without Fees, at or between each Affixes, any Sum they shall think reasonable and fair, in lieu of such Fees as they have been heretofore accustomed to demand and receive for the same, not exceeding such Amount as shall be ascertained, according to the Rates in this Act allowed, by the Affidavit of such Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace, or other Officer herein-before mentioned, the fane to be sworn before the respective Judges of Assizej and which Pres ntments so made by the said Grand Juries, the several Judges of Assize shall and may order to be Gated, notwithstanding any Law or Usage to the contrary.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all and every Case where any Prisoner or Prisoners shall be acquitted on account of or by reason of any Informality, Error, or DefcA in any IndiAraent whereon any Prisoner or Prisoners shall be tried, no Fee whatever shall be paid to or presented by the Grand Jury for such Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace, or any of their Deputies who shall have prepared such informal or erroneous Indictment for or on account thereof, or of any Prisoner that shall be discharged therefrom, provided that the Judge of Assize, Chairman, or Assistant Barrister at Sessions, shall certify that such Acquittal or Acquittals was or were occaffoned by Informality, Want of Form, or other DefcA in the Indi Ament on which such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were acquitted and discharged.

V. And Whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better and more convenient Administration of Justice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a summary Way at the Sessions of the Peace in toe several Counties at large, within the Kingdom of Ireland, except the County of Dublin; and for continuing and amending an Act, intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large, it was thereby amon^ft other Things enacted, That from and after the FirH Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, it should and might be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor, or Governors of the said Kingdom for the Time being, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council, to divide each and every of the several Counties at large of that Kingdom, except the Counties of DubRnf into Two Divisions, for the Purpose of more conveniently hearing and determining of Civil Bills only, and that each of such Divisions should consist of a certain Number of Baronies or Half Baronies, or both: And whereas in several Counties in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, it has, from the local Situation and irregular Divisions of Baronies, been found very inconvenient and difireffing to the Inhabitants thereof, that the said Counties should be divided into DiHriAs by Baronies and Half Baronies on!y$ and it would tend very much to the Convenience of His Majesty's Subjects residing in many 1 of the said Counties, that the same should be divided into Divisions by a certain Number of Baronies, Half Baronies, and Parishes,

D d 4 4 instead

47

Grand Juries may present for Fees of Persons dif-charcr*d without Fee*.

Ne fees shall be paid in Cases of Acquittal by DefeA in the*Indi Ament.

So much of Irish AA,

36 G. 3.0. 25, as direAs DivHion of Counties into Baronies and Half Baronies repealed; Counties may be divided by Lord Lieutenant into Two Divisions, to coafift of Baronies, Half Baronies, and Parishes,

instead of Baronies or Half Baronies only B? it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs that the several Counties of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland should be divided into Two Divisions, by a certain Number of Baronies or Half Baronies, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that.it shall and may be lawful, from and after the passing of this Act, to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chirf Governor or Governors, of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the time being, by and with the Adv: ce of the Privy Council, to divide such of the several Counties of Ireland, as they shall think expedient, for the Advantage and greater Convenience of the Inhabitants thereof into Two Divisions, for the Purposes of the said Act, and none other, to consist of a certain Number of Baronies, Halt Baronies, and Parishes, within the said Counties respectively, instead of Baronies or Half Baronies only; and every such Division so to be appointed, shall be distinguished by the Names of some one Barony or Half Barony of which it shall be composed.

CAP. CII.

An Act to appoint Commissioners to inquire and examine, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the best Means of effecting the same.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS there are large Tracts of undrained Bog in Ireland, the Drainage whereof is necessary for their being brought into a State of Tillage: And whereas th* adding their Contents to the Lands already under Cultivation would not only*increase the Agriculture of Ireland, and Contribute much to its*Resources for the Sustenance of the British Empire and its profitable Export of Corn, but is highly expedient towards promoting a secure Supply of Flax and Hemp within the United Kingdom*, for the Use of the Navy, and Support of the Lintn Manufacture; independent of Foreign Nations and of the Interruptions arising from the Influence of political Events upon Foreign Trade: And whereas the Appointment of Commissioners for the Purpose of*ascertaining the Extent of such Bogs, and the Practicability and Expence of draining the same, and for the other Purposes herein-f after mentioned, will materially assist in effecting their Cultivation; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Nine Commit- the Authority of the same, That any Persons (not exceeding in the sioners, maybe whole the Number of Nine Persons) who shall be nominated and named by L*rd appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go-Leutenant of vtrnors of Ireland for the Time being, by Writing under the Hand uno^he^atTft6 or Hands of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go-the Bogs there 5 vernors to be Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, shall be exceeding 500 and they are hereby appointed to be Commissioners for ascertaining Acres in Extent, the Extent of all such Bogs in Ireland as shall by Repute or Efti-mation Exceed the Extent of Five hundred Acres; and for inquiring

and

A.D. 1809. 49* III. C.rc>2. 409

and examining into the Practicability of draining each such Bog, and into the best. Mode and probable Expence of effecting such Drainage; the Depth of Bog Soil, the Nature of the Strata immediately underneath; the Nature and Distance of the Manure best fitted fnr their Imorovement, and the Expence of making the Dcceifary Roads or Canals for conveying such Manure into and through the same, from the nearest or most convenient Publick High Roads or Canals, and for the carrying out the future Produce of the Bog Land, when cultivated, to the neared or most PubPck Roads or Canals, together with the Opinion of the said Commissioners as to such Measures as they shall deem necessary or expedient for carrying into speedy Effect the Drainage, Cultivation, and Improvement of all such Bogs, and the future Increase of Timber in Ireland, by providing for the Plantation and Preservation of Trees in such Parts thereof as shall be best fitted for the Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Vacancy or Appointment of Vacancies by Death or Resignation of any One or more of the Com- new Commif-miffi >ners to be appointed by virtue of this Act during the Continuance*oners* thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant

or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he or they may think proper to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and every Person so nominated and appointed shall be subject to the same Rules,

Regulations, and Reftnftion9, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the Persons originally appointed to be Commissioners under this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and No Salary to Person who shall act as a Commissioner or Commissioners under Conmiffioow. this Act, shall so aft without any Salary, Recompence, or Reward whatever.

" Commissioners shall be sworn, §4. Commissioners empowered to " mert and make Inquiries; to examine Persons on Oath; and " to appoint Engineers. Surveyors, &c. for the Execution of this u Act, §3. Commissioners and their Surveyors, &c. empowered " to enter on Lands, to survey and ascertain the Nature of the Soil, &c. §6. Commissioners may fit in the House of the Lintn li Board, or Dublin Society, §7. Commissioners shall report their u Proceedings to Lord Lieutenant and Parliament, with Plans for the Cultivation of the Bogs, &c. §8. On Application of Proprietors of Bog9 less than joo Acres, Commissioners may make* Inquiries as to the same under this Act, §9. Treasury ot Ireland " may issue 30001. to defray the Expences of Surveyors, Engineers,

Clerks, and Officers, acting under the Commissioners, §10.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, Persons giving Upon his, her, or their Examination before the said Commissioners, or ^Evidence any Three of them, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every S'111*0 such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convict-d, shall be, and he, file, and they is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force and eff ft in Ireland, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

" Continuance of Act, 1 k August 1811, §12.

C. 103.

A.D. 1809.

419

48 G. 3. c. 65.

Where Loan of Money shall be advanced by the Trustees and CouuniUkmers oi First Fruits, no Security or Bond for the Repayment shall be required.

C. 103. 49° GEO. III.

CAP. CIII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for making Provision for the building and re-building of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houses in Ireland.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliaments intituled An Act to make more effectual Provision for the building and rebuilding of Churches, Chafels, and Glebe Houses> and for the Purchase of Glebe Lands, Glebe Houses, and Impropriations in Ireland, it was among other Things enacted, That on Application made to the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland, in Manner in the said Act mentioned concerning the erecting of any new Church or Chapel or the re-building of any Church or Chapel in any Parish or PUce in Ireland, it should be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners to advance to the Parties making such Application, out of the Monies and Funds intruded to their Care, the whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money to be applied in the Erection or re-butiding of such Church or Chapel 5 4 and that if the said Trustees and Commissioners should be of Opinion that it was fitting that any Sum of Money so advanced, or any Part thereof, should be advanced by way of Loan to and should be repaid by any Parish, it should be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners to require and take Security by Bond for the repaying of such Money so advanced, in Manner and at the Tiroes in the said Act mentioned; and that every Bond for Money advanced by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland\

4 by virtue of the said Act should be made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successor3; and if such Sum of Money should not be duly paid, the said Bonds should be put in Suit under the Orders of the said Lord Hi*»h Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them \ And whereas the Inconvenience resulting to Individuals from the entering into the Bonds and Securities required by the said recited Act may obstruct the Attainment of the beneficial Effects of the said Act Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual ants Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Sum or Sums of Money whatever mail be advanced by the said Trustees an<) Commissioners by way of Loan, and to be repaid by the Parish or Place in which any Church or Chapel so to be erected or rebuilt shall be erected or situate, whether such Money shall be advanced by the said Trustees and Commissioners out of any Money to be advanced to them by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or out of any other Funds in the Hands, Power, Custody, Possession or Disposal of the said Commissioners and Trustees, it shall not be necessary for the said Commissioners and Trustees to require and take any such Security by Bond as in the said Act is mentioned for the Repayment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so advanced, or any Part or Proposition thereof, any Thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland\ to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

AJJ.1809. 49* Geo»HL. C. 103. 4U

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of InstadotSe- this Act, whenever the Mioitter and Churchwardens, or any Two curityocBuad Protestant Inhabitants of any Parish or Place in Irelandin which it -

shall be proposed and intended thit any Church or Chapel shall be erected or rebuilt, shall have made Application in Manner directed by the said recited Act, to the said Trustees and Commissioners for the Parishiooen may advancing of any Money for such Purpose, and the said Trustees and make an Assess-Commissionera shall have signified their Intention of advancing any cnth* Sum or Sums of Money for such Purpose, and shall be of Opinion whole Sum tob* that it is fitting and expedient that such Sum or Sums of Money, yUi/V awwul or any Part thereof, should be advanced by way of Loan to, and should be repaid by such Parish or Place, then and in such Case in the Place and Stead of any Bond or Security being taken by the said Trustees for the Re-payment of such Sum of Monty, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitants of any such Parish or Place, assembled at a Vestry duly summoned and called upon. Seven Days Notice at lead, to make an Assessment upon such Parish or Place, of a Sum equal to the whole Sum so to be advanced by Way of Loan* to be repaid by Instalments in Seventeen successive Years.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful Mode of tailing for every such Vestry to assess upon such Parish or Place the whole*ucll*, iw|ai Sum so to be advanced by way of Loan, to be raised, levied, and paid in Manner and at the Times following, that is to say, Six Pounds eau

per Centum of the Sum so advanced and to be repaid, shall be so raised and paid by such Parish on or before the First Day of July next f after the Expiration of One Year from the Day on which such Sum shall be so advanced 5 Six Pounds per Centum more of such Sum oa or before the First Day of July in every succeeding Year, until Ninety-six Pounds per Centum of the Sum so advanced and to be repaid shall be so raised and paid by such Parish; and the remaining Four Pounds per Centum of such Sum on or before the First Day of July in the Year succeeding that in which the last Instalment of Six Pounds per Centum shall have been paid as before-mentioned; and that the Amount of the said annual Instalments, or Sum or Sums of Money, shall be a Charge on such Parish or Place, and shall, without further Authority, be from Time to Time applotted, levied, and raised without further Assessment in such Parish or Place, in such Manner, and with all such Powers and Remedies for the applotting, raising, apd levying of the same in all Respects as is or are provided for the applotting, raising, and levying of any Sum or Sums of Money, Rate, Parish Assessment,

Cess, or Pax, for repairing, building, or re-building of any Church or Chapel, or other necessary Charges belonging to such Church or Chapel, under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the last Session, or of any other Act or Acts in Force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act; and that all Churchwardens and Vestries shall have the like Power to assess all Parishes and Places, and to applot and levy such Assessments, and be accountable for the same, and to do all Matters and Things for the assessipg such Sums, or for applotting, yaising, and levying of such annual Instalments or Sums so to be payable as aforesaid in all Respects whatsoever, as they now have respectively touching or concerning any Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money,

Parish Cess or Tax, for the repairing, building, or re-building of any Church or Chape), or any other necessary Charge belonging to

On Certificate to the Ordinary, of such Assessment % &c. Trustee* shall advance the Money required.

Instalments shall be received by Churchwardens, and then paid to Trustees, and thence to the Treasury, 8cc-

On Failure of Payment of Instalments, within 21 Days of 2lft of July yearly, the Bishop may appoint a Person'to levy the same, with lol. pt r cent, additional.

such Church or Chapel, under or by virtue of any such Act or Acts at

aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a Certificate signed by the Churchwardens, or Two Protestant Inhabitants of any such Parish or Place, that such Assefiraent had been made in and for such Parish or Place, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Ordinary of the Diocese; and upon such Certificate, together with the Approbation of the said Ordinary, being by the said Ordinary transmitted to or laid before the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners forthwith to advance and pay to the Persons applying under the said recited Act, out of any Monies or Funds entrusted to the Care of the said Trustees and Commissioners such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have previously signified to be in their Opinion fit and proper to be applied in the Erection or building of any such Church or Chapel respectively, in Manner herein before mentioned,

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Instalraeot and Sum or Sums of Money so to be raised by any such Parirti or Place as aforesaid shall be paid to the Churchwardens of such Parish or Place, and shall by such Churchwardens, within Twenty-one Days after the First Day of July in every Year, be paid to the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits; and in case the Money so advanced by such Trustees and Commissioners shall have been advanced by them out of any Money advanced to them by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, such Sum and Sums of Money shall, by the said Trustees and Commissioners, be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, within One Month after the Receipt thereof, by the said Trustees and Commissioners; and such Money may be again advanced to the said Trustees and Commissioners by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Purposes of the said recited Act, in Manner and under the Regulations mentioned and contained in the said recited Aefc.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case Default shall be made in the raising or Payment of the said Instalments, or Sum or Sums of Money, or any of them, by the said Parish or Place, or by the said Churchwardens, to the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, and any such Instalmeot or Sum or Sums of Money shall be behind and unpaid, and not duly raised, paid, and satisfied to the said Trustees and Commissioners, before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days after the First Day of July, in any Year wherein the same ought U> be so

Eaid as aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful for the Btshop of the )iocefe in which such Parish or Place shall be situate, and he is hereby authorised and required to nominate and appoint forae fit and proper Person or Persons to levy such Instalment or Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so due and unpaid, together with Interest for the same, at and after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annipn, from the Day on which the same ought t» have been paid, until the same shall be actually paid, and a further Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount of such Instalment, or Sum otf Money lo payable, which said Sum after the Rate of Ten Poupds per Centum, shall and may be received and retained by such Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed, for his or their Pains and Trouble, in levying and recovering of the said IolUlment, and all and every Person or Persons who shall be so nominated and appointed

413

A.D. 1809. GEO. III. C. 103.

for the Purpose aforesaid, shall have/use, 3*d exercise, all such Powers and Authorities, for the levying and raising such Instalment, and Stun and Sums of Money, as the Churchwardens of such Parish or Place, or any other Person or Persons lawfully might or could have, use, and exercise, for the levying and raising such Instalment, or any Parish Rate or Affiffinent under this Act, or any other Act or Acts, and such Person or Persons shall pay over and account for all such Instalments, and all Sum and Sums of Money received by them on account of the same, or of the Interest of the same as aforesaid, to the said Commissioners and Trustees, within Twenty-one Days after the Receipt of the same, by such Person or Persons as aforesaid.

" Persons having given Bond for any Money advanced by Trustees M before the passing of this Act, may be discharged on Application " to the Churchwardens, and a Rate being made according to this " Aa. §7.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from T? me to Time to direct the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to raise and borrow by Treasury Bills, at an Interest of Five Pounds per Centum, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, to be paid to the said Commissioners and Trustees of First Fruits to be by them applied in Loans towards the building or re-building of Churches and Chapels in Ireland, in such Manner as lb mid be directed by Parliament, and the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds shall be and the same is hereby granted to and veiled in His Majesty, to be applied from Time to Time to the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Forty-eighth Year aforesaid, and this Act; and that, for the raising of the said Sum of Fifty Thousand Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being, in confluence of any such Direction from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to raise and borrow such Part of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds as shall or may be necessary from Time to Time by the IlTue of Treasury Bills for that PtKpcft, bearing Interest at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and that the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall from Time to Time be raised and borrowed as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, and shall and may be issued and paid by the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, to be by them applied in Loans towards the building and re-building of Churches and ChapeL'in Ireland, according to the Rules, Directions, Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions contained in the said recited Act of the Forty-eighth Year aforesaid and this Act.

The Lord Lieutenant may direct the Treasury to borrow 50, 000 1, by Treasury Bills, to be paid to Board of First Fruits for building and re-building Churches,

4»4

C. 104 — io$,

A.D. 1809.

Irrft Ad,

13 & 14 G. 3.

C. 5.

J5 & 16 G. 3.

«.2.

19 & 20 G. 3. c. 2. for granting Life Annuities.

33 0.3. c. 27. 33 G.3. (t.) c. 1. for preventing traitorous Corcfpondeace.

Claims of Persons, prevented l»y said Acts of 33 G.a. from applying for Payment of Annuities within Three Yean, shall be received and allowed.

49 G. 3.C. 8.

49° GEO. III.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to amend several Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Life Annuities with Benefit of Survivorship.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS several Acts were passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the several Sessions held in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years, and in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years, and in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, whereby certain Life Annuities were granted with Benefit of Survivorship to such Persons as should voluntarily subscribe to- 4 wards raising the several Sums in the said several Acts respectively*mentioned, and it was by the said recited Acts provided that in calc*any Person who should be entitled to receive any Annuity or Annuities*by the Intent of the said recited Acts, should neglect to demand the same in Manner required by the said recited Acts for the Space of Three Years, he or she should for ever lose and forfeit the same, as if his or her respective Nominee had been dead at the Commencement of the said Three Years: And whereas by reason of certain Provisions contained in Two Acts passed in the Parliaments e of Ireland and of Great Britain, in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, more efcctually to prevent during the War*between Great Britain and France all traitorous Correspondence*with, or Aid or Afftftance being given to His Majesty's Enemies, and in other Acts for the like Purposes, divers of the said Annuities payable to Persons as well Foreigners as British Subjects residing ' in Parts beyond the Seas, may not have been demanded within the Time prescribed by the said recited Acts, for granting Annuities; for Remedy whereof/ Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisjpresent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Claim of all or any Person or Persons who by reason of the said recited Acts for the preventing of such traitorous Correspondence as aforesaid, shall have been prevented from making such Claim, within the Time prescribed by the said recited Acts for granting Annuities shall be received, and the Annuities payable to all or any such Persons or Person shall be paid in like Manner as if such Claim had been made within the Time prescribed by the said recited Acts for granting Annuities, any Thing in the said recited Acts or any of them to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CV.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act of this present Session of Parliament, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively.

[15th June 1809.]

" Recited Act continued till March 25, 1810.

CAP. CVI.

An Act for allowing further Time for taking Goods out of Warehouse, and paying Duties thereon.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which have been lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, to be provided according to the Directions of that Act, or otherwise secured in the Port of London, are, within Fifteen Calendar Months to be computed from the Day on which the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees shall have made their First Entry thereof, to clear and take from and out of such

Warehouses or Places respectively, either for Exportation or to be consumed in Great Britain, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize 5

and Bond is directed to be given to His Majesty for paying the Duties upon certain Articles within Twelve Months from the Date of the First Entry thereof: And whereas it may in certain Cases be expedient to allow further Time for clearing the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and for paying the Duties thereon f Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under his or their Haiid or Hands, to permit and allow any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize enumerated or described in the Tables anoexed to the said recited Act, or which may have been or shall be added to such Tables by virtue and in pursuance thereof, to remain warehoused or otherwise secured, without Payment of the Duty of Customs or Excise, for such further Time beyond the said Period of Fifteen Months as the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, may in their Judgment think reasonable and proper; and no Bond entered into for the Payment of 3ny such Duties shall be proceeded upon during the extended Period for which any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall or may be so allowed to remain warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of this Act.

II. And whereas the Privileges and Advantages of the said Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty have been extended to the Out Ports in pursuance of an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, 'An 4 A3 to authorize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in (different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned; and of another Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Provisiens of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned; and to alter the Condition of the Bond dire3ed to be given by an Act of the Twenty fourth

43 G* 3. c. 13JU

5 3, 4#

Treasury may permit Goods described in Tables annexed to 43 G. 3. c. 132. to remain warehoused in the Port of London without Payment of Duty, for any Period beyond 15 Months.

45 G. 3. c. 87.

46 G. 3. c. 137.

4*6

Yrrafury iftay in like Manner extend the Period for Goods ware-toufecl at any Out-Poit.

4(7. 3. c. 15 [§41.]

G. a. c. S2.

Provison* of recited Acts for recovering Pnmlties repealed.

C* io6> 107 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1869.

Year of His present Majesty, by the Masters and Owners of Vessels and Boats licensed by the Lords of the Admiralty; and it is expedient.

that the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury should be also empowered to extend the Period for which the Goods may remain bonded and warehoused at such

Out Ports; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or the said Lotds Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant as aforesaid, to extend the Period for which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, are allowed to be bonded and warehoused at any Out Port of Great Britain; and no Dutits of Customs or Excise shall be demanded or required, nor shall any Bond, given for the Security of such Dutiep, be enforced or proceeded upon during the extended Period which shall or may be showed under the Authority of this Act.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred in the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by divers Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenue of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, sundry Penalties and Forfeitures are inflicted, which, by Two Acts, the one passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty^ Reign, intituled An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colcnies and Plantations in America; for continuing,

amending, and making perpetual, an Act passed in the Sixth Tear of the 1 Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America ;,) for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, proteding, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and E a it land Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade; )and for altering and disallowing federal Drawbracks on Exports from this Kingdom; and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said

Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same jatid Great Britain; and the other passed in the Eighth Year of His prerffnt Majt fly's Reign, and intituled An Act for the more easy and effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures injlided by the Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies and Plantations in America; are to be prosecuted, sued for,

and rtcovered in certain Courts in the said Acts mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to alter and amend the Provisions of the said Acts; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions contained in the said recited Acts, or in any other Acts, as to prosecuting, fuinor for, and recovering any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred in the British Colonies ox Plantations in Americas under any Law relative to

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 107, 1*8. 4*7

the Trade or Revenue of the said Colonies or Plantation*, shall be (except as to and the same are hereby repealed, except only as to any Proceeding* Proofing* Under the said Ada now depending, or which shall be commenced before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and b tettodtdm nine; and that all such Penalties and Forfeitures which may hdve any Court of been heretofore, or may be hereafter incurred, shall and may be pro- Record, or fecuted, sued for, and recovered in any Court of Record, or of Vice- Vice-Admifahy, Admiralty having Jurisdiction, in the Colony, or Plantation where the Cause of Prosecution arifea; and in Cases where there shall happen to gtc# be no such Courts, then in any Court of Record, or of Vice- Proceediagsla Admiralty having Jurisdiction in some British Colony or Plantation Odes of near to that where the Cause of Prosecution arilra; provided that Seizure* in C*fca where a Seizure is made »n any other Colony than that where the Forfeiture accrues, such Seizure may be prosecuted in any Court of Record, or of Vice-Admiralty having Jurisdiction, either in the Colony or Plantation where the Forfeiture accrues, or in the Colocy or Plantation where the Seizure is made, at the Eiedion of the Seizor or Prosecutor; and in Cases where there shall happen to be no such Courts in either of the last mentioned Colonies or Plantations then in any Court of Record, or of Vice-Admiralty having Jurisdiction, in some British Colony or Plantation near to that where the Forfeiture accrues, or to that where the Seizure is made, at the Election of the Seizor or Prosecutor.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Seizures, by whomsoever Seizures shall be made, shall be lodged and deposited in the Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customa at the Port where they shall be made, Compton, of or into which they shall be carried for Adjudication under the afore- Custoow, &c. said Provisions, and shall be subject in respect to the Charge, Care, and subject Sale, and Delivery thereof, to the Rules and Regulations of an Act of G* a*c*40* the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Production of Mamfefls, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the elandstine re-landing of Goods; and shall be deliverable on Security according to the Rules of another Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act more effectually to as G. 3.*34. secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs, in like Manner as if the Provisions of the Two last recited Acts were herein repeated.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to amend the several Acts respecting the Payment of Wages and Prize Money, and Allotment, of Wages, to Persons serving in His Majesty's Royal Navy.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS certain Provisions in an Act passed in the t Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attend- 26 G. 3. c. 6S.

ing the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on board any of His Majesty's Ships; and in another Act passed in the Thirty-second 32G.S. c. 34.

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending

the said Act and for other ^urposes; and like wile in an Act passed

49. Geo. III. E e 4 ia

4it

31 G. 2.C. 10.

82 G. 3. C. 33. 33 G. 3. c. 28.

46 G. 3. C. 127.

So much of 26 G. 3. c. 63.

§ 1. as requires the Number on the Ship's Books to be specified in the Wills, repealed.

Wills, &c. executed by Seamen in Naval Hospitals, &c. abroad, shall be s good if made revocable, and attelled by the Surgeons.

Sick Seamen ju J rani'ports maV execute Weills attelled by the Mailer or Mate.

C.ro8. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the pundual. frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages* and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support9of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses9attending such Payments; and also in an Act passed in the Thirtysecond Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the last mentioned Act, and for further extending the Benefits thereof; and also in an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Petty Officers in the Navy and Seamen, Non-commffioned Officers of Marines and Marines serving in His Majesty's Navy % to

+allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families, and also in an Act passed in the Forty.sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and extend the Benefits of an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, to enable Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families, have not been found sufficient to

eff d the good Purposes intended thereby; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Two herein first mentioned Acts, as enads that no Letter of Attorney or Will made by any Petty Officer or Seaman, or Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, whereby any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowances of Money of any Kind, due or to grow due for such Service, is authorised to be received or bequeathed, shall be good and v?lid and sufficient for the Purpose, unless such Letter of Attorney or Will, if made by any such Officer or Seaman, or Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine* then in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall specify in the Body thereof, the Number at which the Maker of such Will or Letter of Attorney stands upon the Ship's Book, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Will bequeathing Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or other Allowances of Money, and every Letter of Attorney for empowering any Person or Persons to receive Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money other than Prize Money* which shall be made and executed by any Petty Officer, Seaman* Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, who may be in any Naval or Merchant Hospital or Sick Quarters on any Foreign Station, where there shall be no Agent of such Hospital or Quarters, shall be good and effectual, provided such Letter of Attorney shall be made revocable by the express Words thereof, and provided such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be signed before and attested by the Surgeon and his Assistant attending at such Hospital or Sick Quarters.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Petty Officer and Seamen, Non commissioned Officer of Marines and Marine, in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, who may be sent Home lick or invalided from Foreign Stations, while on board any Transport or Merchant Vessel on his

4*9

Passage, to make his Will, provided that stich Will shall be figoed before and attested by the Master and First Mate of every such Transport or Merchant Vefitl respectively.

IV. And whereas Provision ha9 been made in the said Act of Provisions of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the Payment of 3« G. 3. c. 34".

Sums not exceeding Seven Pounds, which may be due and payable extended

by the Rales of the Navy, to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-

commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in respect of his Services cnal

1 in the Navy; and it is expedient that the Benefits thereof should be extended to Persons of the said Descriptior?, who may have been discharged from the Service of His Majesty / Be it therefore enacted.

That it shall and may be lawful for such Petty Officer or Seaman,

Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, being so discharged, to give such Orders in Writing for the Payment of Sums not exceeding Seven Pounds, on the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy; provided that such Orders be made, executed, and attested in the same Manner as is prescribed by the Acts passed in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting Powers of Attorney.

'executed by such Persons when discharged from His Majesty's Service, and provided also, that if the Party making such Order shall have been discharged from His Majesty's Service at his own Request, or for any other Cause or Reason than being unserviceable, he shall not be entitled to immediate Payment on such Order, but shall wait for the Payment of the same according to the Rules of the Navy, until such Ship from whence he has been discharged, shall come in course of Payment.

V. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the Provisions in NoWilNof the hereinbefore mentioned Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Persons ma<Js

Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, should be

construed to render invalid the Will of any Petty Officer or Seaman, be

Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, executed previously good, unless to the Entrance of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned executed and

Officer of Marines or Marine, into His Majesty's Service, as to any fttrfted accord-

Wages, Pay, or Allowances, to which the Persons who executed

the same may have been or may be entitled to, for their Service in the jJ^tod Act*.

Navy / Be it further enacted and declared, That no Will of any such Person shall be held to be good and available, unless the same shall be executed and attested according to the Provisions of the said Act, as to any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowances of Money of any "Kind, due or to grow due in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Payments of Wages, Pay, Prize Money, and other Allowances of Money heretofore made to any Administrator Or next of Kin, Wife, Relation, or Creditor of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non commissioned Officer of M-trines or Marine, having made any Will before hi entered into the said Service, which hath been rejested, as not being executed and attested, as by the before-mentioned Acts is required in that Behalf, shall be considered and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual.

VI. And whereas Doubts have arfen, as to the Persons who Who shall bt come within the D-scription of Petty Officers and others in His deemed Petty Majesty's Navy and Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, within Officer, See.

1 the Provisions of the several Acts herein before recited*/ Be it farther enacted, That all and every Part of the Complement of fevery Ship in His Majesty's Navy shall be and are hereby declared to

Eel be

4*0

C.icflt. 49° GEO. III. AJXiSoj.

be Petty or Inferior Officers* Seamen* Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marines, excepting such as are rated upon the Books of such Ships, as Admirals or Flag Officers, and their Secretaries* Captains, Lieutenants, Sub-Lieutenants, Mailers, Second Matters, and Pilots, Physicians, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Chaplains, Boat-swains, Gunners, Carpenters, and Purfem, Field Officers of Marines, Captains, Captain-Lieutenants of Marines, Lieutenants and Quarter-matters of Marines.

26 G. 3. 63.

VII. And whereas it is expedient to repeal such Part of the said

Poftal^of*recited Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His

Inf^or's*Present Majesty, as relates to the receiving and fending Letters and

Letters repealed.*Packets by the Inspector, to be appointed as therein mentioned, free

from the Duty of Pottage, add to enact other Provisions in lieu

thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That immediately from and after the passing of this Act, the said Part of the said recited Act shall cease, determine, and be no longer in force.

Letters to and

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the patting from inspector of this Act, all Letters or Packets addressed to the Inspector of men's^Vills* Seamen's Wilis for the Time being, upon any Business or Affairs re-exempted from lating to the said Office of Inspector of Seamen's Wills, shall be free

Pottage. from the Duty of Pottage; and all Letters and Packets being upon any Business or Affairs relating to the said Office of Inspector of Seamen's Wills that shall be forwarded by the said Inspector of Seamen's Wills shall be under Cover, with the Words " Pursuant to Ad

Penalty on Inspectorabufing such Privilege, 10»1.

Penalty on forging Certificates under 32 G. 3. c. 34. §18. Felony without Clergy.

" of Parliament, For tv nine George the Third, " printed upon the famej and the said Inspector of Seamen's Wills shall write his Name under the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Inspector of Seamen9* Wills or any other Person shall fend or convey under any of the Cover* aforesaid, any Writing-paper or Parcel other than those relating to the Business or Affairs of the said Office of Inspector of Seamen'* Wills, the Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person from and after the passing of this Act, shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly ad and assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting the Signature of any Minister, Church warden, Elder or Inhabitant of any Parish, to any Certificate to any Petition for a Certificate as required, described, and mentioned in the recited Act passed in the Thirty? second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable any Person or Persons to obtain Letters of Administration to any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or shall utter or publish as true any such Certificate to any such Petition, with any false, forged, or counterfeited Signature of any such Minister,. Churchwarden, Elder* or Inhabitant of any Parish, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, then every such Person so offending, being lawfully convicted of any such Offence, shall be deemed guSty of r elony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XI. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, every Petty Officer and Sear«man or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, «serving or eqtcring to fenre 04 board of any Ship or Vessel of Hi*

1 Majesty f

C. 108.

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, is empowered to allot a certain 1 Part of his Monthly Wages or Pay. to certain Relations therein

mentioned; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Petty Officer and Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, being a Widower, and serving or entering to serve on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to allot a certain Part of his Monthly Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of any his Child or Children, in such Propositions and under the Restrictions, Forms, and Limitations as are prescribed in the said last mentioned Act: Provided that every such Allotment for the Maintenance of such Child or Children, shall be made to some fit Person or Persons inhabiting the Parish where such Child or Children may reside, who shall be approved of by the Minister and Church* wardens, or Churchwarden, Elders or Eldtr of such Parish; and in case any Person or Persons to whom such Allotments shall be made for the Maintenance of such Child or Children, shall fail in applying the same to the Advantage and Benefit of such Child or Children, and a Certificate of such Misconduct shall be sent from the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder of such Parish, to the Commissioners of the Navy* it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required thereupon, to nominate and appoint any other Person or Persons who may be recommended to them by the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders Or Elder of the said Parish for receiving the Allotment for the Purpose aforesaid, in the Room of such Person or Persons who may have abused the Trust reposed in him or them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Petty Officer and Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine serving or entering to serve on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to allot a certain Part of his Monthly Wages to his Father, being a Widower and unable wholly to maintain himself, in such Propositions and under the Restrictions, Forms, and Limitations, and agreeable to the Directions prescribed in the said last mentioned Act; provided such Father, is certified by the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder of the Parish in which he shall reside, to be a Widower and unable wholly to maintain himself.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Allotments of Wages or Pay made by any Petty Officer or Seaman or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, by virtue of this Act or any former Acts, shall be paid by the Persons and at the Places following 5 that is to say, if the Person or Persons entitled to any Sum so allotted shall reside in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, the same shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy at Somerset House; and if the Persons entitled to any Sums so allotted shall reside at Portsmouth, Plymouth, Chatham, Deptford, Woolwich, or Sheer refs, or within Five Miles of any of those Places respectively, then and in every such Case the same shall be paid by the Clerk of the Cheque, at any of those Places where or within Five Miles of which such Person or Persons shall reside $ but if the Residence of any such Person or Persons entitled to any Sum so allotted as aforesaid, shall not be in London, nor within the Bills of Mortality thereof, nor at Portsmouth, Plymouth Chathamt Deptford, Woolwich, or Sheemess, nor within Five Miles of any of those Places respectively, then in every such Case the Sum

E e 3 allotted

421

Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines, being Widowers, may allot Part of their Pay for Maintenance of Children, to be applied under '1 Direction of the Minister, &c. fiSee 3 5 Gm 3. c. 28. §3,

mad to their Fathers, being Widower*.

By wham Allotments of Pay shall be paLid*to the Parties entitled.

422

C. 108.

49 GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Allotrncits may fee revoked.

For regulating Remittal of Wages under

31 6.2. c. 10. §14. (and

32 C. 3. c. 33.) to Children.

Promotion Tickets shall be made out, &c. in in Hke Manner as Foreign remove Tickets, under 32 G. 3. c. 39. f 7-&c.

allotted out of the Wages or Pay of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commimoned Officer of Marines or Marine,

- shall be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, by the Receiver General of the Land Tax of any County, Riding, 1 or C'ty, or by the Collector of the Customs for any Port, or by the Collector of Excise for any Collection in Great Britain* nearest to the Place of Residence of the Person or Persons so entitled to receive the said Sums so allotted to them as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further ena&°d, That it shall be lawful for any Warrant Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, to revoke any Allotment he shall make under the Authority of this Act, provided he shall have the Consent of the Captain or other Commanding Officer of the Ship in which he is serving for doing so; and on Notice to the proper Officer in the Navy Office of such Revocation* signed by any such Warrant Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, attested by the Captain or other Commanding Officer, the Proposition of Waeres which had been allotted shall be no longer paid or payable to the Father or Children respectively.

XV. And whereas by the before recited Acts passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George,

the Second, and in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the same, Inferior

Officers and Seamen, and Non*commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, in certain Cases therein mentioned, are empowered to

remit their Wages to certain Relations therein also mentioned; Be it further enacted, That in the Cases specified in the said last mentioned Act, every Petty Officer and Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines and Marine, shall be entitled to remit his Wages to any Child or Children of the Age of Eighteen Years apd upwards, agreeably to the Directions of the said Acts, to be payable in the same Manner as is prescribed in the said Acts, and under the same Forms, Limitations, and Restrictions a3 are therein contained for the Remittance and Payment of Wages to other Relations; and in case the said Child or Children shall not be of the Age of Eighteen Years, the Remittance shall be made to some fit Person or Persons inhabiting the Parish where such Child or Children may reside, for the life an^ Benefit of such Child'or Children, who shall be approved by the Mioiiler and Churchwardens or Churchwarden]) Elders or Elder of such Parish.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing, of this Act, when and so often as any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, serving on board any Ship or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be promoted by any Commander in Chief, while such Ship or Vtffei shall be abroad, to be cither a Lieutenant, Sub-Lieutenant, Matter, Second Matter, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon, Boatswain, Guaner, Carpenter, Purser, or a Commissioned Officer of Marines, then and in either of such Events, the Captain or Commanding Officer of the Ship or Vessel in which the Petty Officer or Seaman, or Non-commissior.ed Officer of Marines or Marine shall be serving at $he Time of such Promotion, shall at the same Time make out or cause to be made, out, a Ticket for the Wages or Pay due to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, certifying thereon that the Person therein named has been actually promoted to.

1 $ the

C. io8.

4^3

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III.

the Station therein mentioned, and deliver Inch Ticket to him, which Ticket shall be called " a Promotion Ticket/' and shall be made out in the same Form, and conlift of the same Particulars as are prescribed by the said last mentioned A A, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in regard to Foreign remove Tickets, and shall be paid in the same Manner as the said Foreign remove Tickets are therein required to be paid; and it shall be lawful to and for every Petty Officer or Sraman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall obtain such Promotion Ticket, to fell and transfer the same by Indorsement thereof; and the said Promotion Tickets so fold and transferred, shall be paid to the Indorsee thereof, in the Manner prescribed for the Payment of the said Foreign remove Tickets, in and by the said last mentioned AA, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and the Signature for Receipt of the Person to whom such Promotion Ticket shall have been made payable by Iadorfement, shall be a sufficient Voucher to the Treasurer of the Navy, for the Payment of the Wages due on such Promotion Ticket.

XVII. And whereas the Regulations in the before-recited Acts passed in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the Transmission to the Treasurer of the Navy, of all Letters of Administration, Probates of Wills, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, of or to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine,

have not been found effectual Be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any ProAor, Registrar, or other Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court, shall deliver or cause to be delivered any Letters of Administration, Probate of Will, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, to any other Person or Persons than the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, in the Manner directed by the said Two last mentioned AAs, such ProAor, Registrar or other Officer of such Ecclesiastical Court so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to the Use of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich; and if any Agent or Agents shall pay any Pr ze-Money due to a deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, under any other Authority whatever than the Check directed by the said Acts to be issued by the said Inspector or Person authorised to officiate for him, such Payment shall be null and void; and the Agent or Agents, so paying the same, shall forfeit for every and each such Offence, a Sum of Money equal to the Amount of the Prize Money so paid by him or them, to the Use of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be recovered with full Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, and be sued for in the Names of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich*

Penalty on Proctor delivering Probates,

&c. to any Person but the Treasurer, 8cc. of the Navy, and on Agents paying.Prize Money ef. deceased Seamen contrary to Directions of 26 0. 3. c. 63. §7, 8, &c. and 32 G. 3. c. 34.

§ 22, &c.

Recovery of Penalties.*

414

C. i of*

e. i.

49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

The following A&m repealed, via.

2 E. 3. c. 1 ft.

13 R. 2. ft. 1. C. 11.

17 R.a. C. 2. 11 H. 6. f. 9. 7JE.4. c. 2.

i H. 3. c. 2. 6 H. ft. C. 8.

6 H. 8.

25 H. 8. c. II. 27 H.8.c 12.

S3 H. 8. C. r.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to repeal several Acts respecting the Woollen Manufacture, and to amend other Acts relating to the said Manufacture; and for allowing Persons employed in any Branch of the Woollen Manufacture to set up Trade in any Place in Great Britain.

[lS*h June 1809.]

WHEREAS certain Acts and Parts of Acts heretofore made«XX > from Time to Time for controlling the Manufacturer in the

making and felling of Woollen Cloth, are at this Day not only unnectflary, but if enforced might be extremely injurious; and it is

therefore expedient to repeal the same; Be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a certain Act made in the Second Year of King Edward the Third, intituled, The Measure and Affx % e of [Cloths of]) Ray and of Colour; another Act made in the Thirteenth Year of King Richard the Second, intituled, The Cloths of certain Counties tacked andfolded9

shall not be put to Sale before they be opened; another Act made in the Seventeenth Year of King Richard the Srcond, intituhd, Every Person may make Cloth of what Length and Breadth he will5 another Act made in the Eleventh Year of King Henry the Sixth, intituled. Of what Length and Breadth Cloths called Streits shall be; another Act made in the Seventh Year of King Edward the Fourth, intituled. For Cloths made in the Hundreds of Lifton, Tavistock, and Rowburgh, in Devonshire; another Act made in the First Year of King Richard the Third, intituled. The Length and Breadth of Cloths, and the Order of dying them and Wools, the Ability of the Aulneger, and what Cloths be may fcal\ another Act made in the Fifth Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for the true making of Cloths in Devon called White Straits; another Act made in the Sixth Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act concerning the making of certain Woollen Cloths in the County of Devon; another Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, int tuled, An Act to avoid Deceits in making of Woollen Cloths; another Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for Clothiers in Worcestershire; another Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, The Act for the true

making of Cloth 5 another Act made in the Thirty-third Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, The Bill for folding of Cloths, in North Wales; another Act made in the Thrrd and Fourth Years of King Edward the Sixth, intituled An Act for the true making of Woollen Cloths; another Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of King Edward the Sixth, intituled An Act for the true making of Woollen Cloth \ another Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of King Edward J&6E.O.C. 22. the Sixth, intituled An Act for putting down of Gig Mills \ another Act made in the First Year of Queen Mary, intitu'ed, An Act touching Chth making in Corporate Towns and Market Towns; another Act made in the Second and Third Years of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled An Act touching Weavers; another Act made in the Second and Third Years of King Philip and Queen Mary % intituled An Act for the sealing and viewing of Clothes commonly tailed Bridge*

water*

a & 4 E. 6. c. 2. 8 & 6 E. 6* €. ft.

lM.Sess. 9.

ft. 7.

2 & 3 P. St M.

cl*.

3 P« Sc Mi

ft.1*

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 109. 4*5

waters; another Act made in the Fourth and Fifth Year of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled An Act touching the moling of Woollen c'5*

Clothe; another Act made in the Firit Year of Queen Elizabeth, i£liz. «, J4.

intituled An Act for the continuing the making of Woollen Clothes in divert

Tofvnt in the County of Efltv; another Act made in the Twenty- 23 Eliz. c.o.

third Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for abolishing of certain deceitful Stuff used in dying of Cloth. &c.; another Act made

in the Twenty-rtcventh Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act 27 Eli*, c. 17.

touching the Breadth of White Woollen Clothes made within the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, Somerset, and Oxon, &c.; another Act made

in the Twenty-seventh Year of Quren Elizabeth, intituled An Act 27 Eli*, c. IS*

concerning the making of Woollen Clothes in the Counties of Devon and

Cornwall, called Plain White St aight and Pinned Whit<- Straight;

another Act ma'lc in the Thirty fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, in- 35Ellz.c, n,

tituled. An Act touching the Breadth of Plunkets, Azures and Blues,

and other coloured Clothes made within the Counties of Somerset and

elsewhere of like making; another Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year 3*Ehz. c. ia»

of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for the Reformation of sundry

Abuses in Clothes, called Devonftvre Kernes or Dozens, according to a

Proclamation of the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign

Lady the Queen that now is; another Act made in the Thirty-ninth 39Elix.

Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act agcnnjl the deceitful firetching

and tentering of Northern Cloth; another Act passed in the Forty-third 43 EHz c. 10.

Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for the true making and

working of Woollen Clothes; another Act made in the Fourth Year of Jac. J. c.t

King James tbr First, intituled An Act for the true making of Woollen

Cloth; another Act in made the Twenty-first Year of King James the 2t Jae. l. c. 1.

First, intituled An Act for Continuance of a former Act made in the

Fourth Tear of the King's Majesty's Reign of England, &c. intituled.

An Act for the true making Woollen Cloths, and for same Additions and

Alterations in and to the same; another Act made in the Seventh Year 7 Axme, c. 13.

of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths

mid Breadths of Woollen Cloth made in the County of York; another

Act made in the Tenth Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for 10 Annetc.i€.

regulating, improving, and encouraging the Woollen Manufacture of mixt

or medley Broad Cloth, and for the better Payment of the Poor employed

therein; and another Act made in the First Year of the Reign of i Vrft.*.

King George the First, intituled An Act to make an Act of the Tenth c*l*

Tear of Her late Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging of the Woollen Manufacture of mixt or medley Broad Cloth, and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein, more effectual for the Benefit of Trade tn general; and also to render more effectual an Act of the Seventh Year of Her said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadth of Woollen Cloth made in the County of York; shall be and the same are hereby repealed*

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of a certain other of certain Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King Edward the Third, Statutes intituled, The Aulnegers Fees for every Cloth fold, Cloths Jhcdl be sealed repealed, vi*, before they be put to Sale, a Subsidy granted to the King of every Cloth fold, 27 as directs that Cloths shall be sealed before they be put to Sale: And €*4, so much of a certain other Act made in the Fourth Year of King 4E.4.C. 1. Edward the Fourth, intituled, The Length and Breadth of Cloths made to be sold, no Cloths wrought beyond Sea shall be brought into England, as directs that every whole Woollen Cloth, called Broad CUth, and

all

Ciop, 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1ffop*

all Manner of Cloths called Strcita, and every Cloth called Kersey, which shall respectively be made and set to Sale shall be of certain specified Lengths and Breadths respectively, with a certain Provision in a Case where the Cloth shall exceed the limited Measure, and that every Half Cloth of every of the said Whole Cloths, Streit& and Kerseys, shall keep his Measure in Length and Breadth, according to the Rate, Form, and Nature, of his Whole Cloth aforesaid; and that no Person which shall make any Woollen Cloth to fell, shall mingle or put in or upon the same Cloth, nor the Wool whereof the said Cloth shall be made, any Lambs' Wool, Fiock or Cork in any Manner, under the Penalty therein mentioned, except in particular Cases; and that every of the said Cloths and Half Cloths shall perfectly and rightly pursue and follow one Order of Workmanship from one End to the other, without Difference in the weaving, fulling, knotting, or burling; and that certain Seals shall be nfed and set upon the said Cloths for the Purpose of denoting the Workmanship, Length, Breadth, comparative Size and other distinguishing Qualities for the several Sorts of Cloth, and that Keepers of the said Seals shall be appointed and shall perform certain Duties, and such Keepers and Aulnegers shall be subject to Penalties for Offences therein mentioned; and that Cloth-makers shall pay to Labourers in the said Trade lawful Money for their Wages, and shall deliver Wools to be ... wrought according to the faithful Delivery and due Weight thereof,

under the Penaltes therein mentioned; and that every Carder, Spinster, Weaver, Fuller, Sheernaan and Dyer, shall duly perform hi* Duty in his Occupation; and that every Fuller, in his Craft and Occupation of Fulling, rowing, or tayfelling, of Cloth, shall exercise and use Tayfells and no Cards deceitfully imparing the same Cloth j and the Justices of Peace and certain other Magistrates shall have Power to hear and determine certain Complaints of every such Clothmaker and Labourer, and shall exercise their Jurisdiction in that Behalf in the Manner therein specified, and that such Justice6 or Magistrates shall have Jurisdiction over Persons offending against that Ordinance, and that such Persons shall be fub}e& to a Forfeiture, and that such Justices or Magistrates shall have certain Powers for exercising their Jurisdiction in that Behalf: And so much of a certain other A&made sEftt»c. 4. §0. in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices, as directs, that no Person shall be detained, hired, or taken into Service to work for any lefa Time than for One whole Year in any of the Sciences, Crafts, Mysteries, or Arts of Clothiers, Woollen Cloth Weavers, Tuckers, Fuliers, Cloth workers, Sheermen, or Dyers of Wool or Woollen Cloth; and that every Person being unmarried, and every other Person being under the Age of Thirty Ycara, and having been brought up in any of the said Arts, Crafts, or Sciences, or that hath used or exercised any of them by the Space of Three Years or more, and not haying Real or Personal Property of a certain specified Value, nor being retained with any Person in Husbandry, or in any of the Arts and Sciences according to that Statute, nor in any other Art or Science, nor in Household, or in any Office with any Nobleman, Gentleman, or others, according to the Laws of this Realm* nor having a convenient Farm or other Holding in Tillage whereupon he may employ his Labour, shall upon Request made by any Person using the Art or, Mystery whcrcin the said Person so

required

49° GEO. III. C. 109.

'equired hath been exercised (at is aforesaid) be retained, and shall not refuse to serve according to the Tenor of that Statute, upon the Pain and Penalty thereafter mentioned; and that no Person dwelling 137-in any City or Town Corporate, using or exercising any of the Mysteries or Crafts of a Clothier, that doth or shall put Cloth to making and Sale, shall take any Apprentice or Servant to be instructed or taught in any of the Arts, Occupations, Crafts, or Mysteries which he doth use or exercise, except such Servant or Apprentice be his Son, or else that the Father and Mother of such Apprentice or Servant shall have Freehold Property of a certain Amount; and that no Person dwelling in any such Market Town, using or exercising the peat, Mystery, or Art of a Clothier, that doth or shall put Cloth to making and Sale, shall take any Apprentice, or in any wise teach ot instruct any Person in the Art, §citnce, or Mystery last before recited, except such Servant or Apprentice shall be his Son, or else that-the Father pr Mother of such Apprentice shall have Freehold Property of a certain annual Value; and that no Person shall set up, occupy, 3 at, use, or exercise any Craft, Mystery, or Occupation then used or occupied within the Realm of England or Wakt, except he shall have been brought up therein Seven Years at the least as an Apprentice in Manner and Form in the said last recited Act mentioned, nor shall set any Person on work in such Mystery, Art, or Occupation, except he shall have been Apprentice as is aforesaid, or else having served as an Apprentice shall become a Journeyman, or be hired by the Year* so far only as the said last mentioned Provision respects Persons employed in any of the Crafts, Mysteries, or Occupations of Clothiers, Woollen Cloth Weavers, Tuckers, Fuliers, Clothworkers,

Sheermen, cr Dyers of Wool or Woollen Cloth; and that all Person that shall have Three Apprentices in any of the said Crafts, Mysteries, of Occupations of a Clothmaker, Fuller, Shcerman, or Weaver, shall retain and keep One Journeyman, and for every other Apprentice above the Number of Three Apprentices One other Journeyman; and so much of a certain other Act passed in the Third Year of King 3 Jac. i. c. 1 James the First, intituled An Act for the Repeal of one Ad made in §3, 4, the Fourteenth Year of Queen Elizabeth'/ Reign, concerning the Length of Kersies, as directs that Kersies, commonly called Ordinary Kersies* and that Kersies called Sorting Kersies, shall not exceed respectively a certain Length, and shall be respectively of a certain Weight according to the Length, and if any Kersies shall either exceed the pre-fenbed Length or fall short. of the prescribed Weight, then every Person (hat shall make the same for Sale shall be subjtd to the Forfeiture therein mentioned, and that every Person felling or trading in any such Kersey shall pay a Custom and Subsidy after a specified Rate $ and so much of a certain other Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, intituled An Act for the letter Regu 13 g. 1. «.; lotion of the Woollen Mamfadore, and for preventing Dtfputcs among the Ptrfims concerned therein, and for limiting a Time for profccvting for the Forfeiture appointed by an Act of the Twelfth Year of His Majesty*

Reign, in case of Payment of the Workmens Wages in any other Manner g 3 than in Money, as directs that no Clothier or Maker of Woollen Cloths,

Druggets, or other Woollen Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool, shall use any Ends of Yam, Wests, or other Refuse of Cloths, Druggets, or other Woollen Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool, (Flocks and PinioQs only exes pud) by working the same upagsin into any Sort

of

42$ C.i09» 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

i JO — 14.

SG.2.C.M.

AAftattitot txold. Contn&a of Appreiv-tLceik^p.

Apprenticeship im required.

Act shall not tevive any Act repealed.

of Goods whatsoever, under a certain Penalty; and that every Owner of Tentor or Tentors, Rack or Racks for such Cloth, within the Counties of Gloucester, Wilt*, and Somer/et9 shall measure such Tentor or Tentor's Rack as shall be made use of for tentering or racking such. Cloth, and mark the true Length of Yards of each Tentor or Rack thereon, in the Manner particularly directed by the said last recited Act, and under the Penalty therein mentioned; and that the Justices of the Peace for the Counties aforesaid shall appoint Inspectors, with a certain Salary to each of them, and with certain Duties and Powers particularly pointed out by the said last recited Act; and that any Clothier or Maker of arty such Cloth, or any Millman or other Person within the Counties aforesaid, shall incur a Penalty for refusing Entrance to any such Inspector, and that any such Inspector, acting against his Oath shall forfeit twenty Pounds; and that every Maker of mixed or medley Woollen Broad Cloth within the Counties aforesaid, shall pay to the Inspector the Sum of Two-pence per Cloth for every such Cloth he shall make before the Cloths are sent away from the Mill 5 and the said Inspector shall pay the Money so received into the Hands of the Treasurer of the County, to be applied towards the Salaries of Inspectors to be appointed by virtue of the said last: recked Act; and that any Millman within the Counties aforesaid, fending Home to any Clothier or Maker of Cloth, any such Cloth or Cloths as aforesaid, before they are inspected and measured as aforesaid shall for every Piece of Cloth so sent Home forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings; and (o much of a certain other Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Wollen Cloth in the County of York, and also so much of several other Laws as preferihes particular Standards ef Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths, and for fubfituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the West Riding of the said County, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preferring the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market, as directs that if any Person or Persons within the said West Riding of the fold County shall use or cause to be used in drefirng of Cloth any Cards made wkh Wire or with Teeth of Iron or any other Metal whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so using the same shall for every such Offence forfeit Forty Shillings; shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall annul or make void any Contract of Apprenticeship whereby any Person shall have bound or shall bind himself as an Apprentice in any of the said Crafts, Myftertes, or Occupations of the Woollen Manufacture, for any Period allowed by Law: Provided always, that such Apprenticeship shall not be required as a previous Qualification for exerdfing any Branch of the Woollen Manufacture, either as a Matter or a Journeyman.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to revive any Act repealed by any of the Acts or Parts of Acts hereby repealed, but the same shall continue repealed as if this Act had not been made.

V. And whereas Persons who have been educated and employed in the manufacturhig Woollen Cloth have expressed Apprehensions, that in consequence of the Use of certain Machinery being allowed in the said Manufactory, and of the Repeal of that Part of the

*«Statute

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. III.

Ci 09.

4*9

9 Statute of the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth which respects Ap*

prentices in the same, the Employment of many of the said Persons

*»likely to be diminiftted: And whereas in that Event many of9them may be willing to employ themselves in such other Trades as they are or may become apt to follow and make use of for the getting ' their Living by their own Labour, but are or may be hindered from

exercising those Trades in certain Cities and Corporations and other9Places within Great Britain, because of certain Bye-Laws and9Cudoms of those Places, or of the said Statute made in the Fifth

Year of Queen Elizabeth; for Remedy whereof, Be it enacted, That all such Persons who have served an Apprenticed^ to any Branch of the Woollen Manufacture, or who are by Law entitled to use and exercise the same, and also the Wives acd Children of such Persons, may set up and exercise such Trade, or any other Trade or Business which they are apt and able for in any Town or Place within Great Britainf without auy Let, Suit, or Moledation of any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by reason of the using of such Trade: nor shall any such Persons, or their Wives or Children, during the Time they shall exercise such Trades, be removeable from such respective Place or Places to his, her, or their lad legal Place of Settlement, by virtue of any Law now io being relative to the Settlement of the Poor, until such Person or Persons shall become actually chargeable to such Parish or Place; and if any such Person, or the Wife or Child of any such Person, shall be sued, impleacted, or indicted io any Court whatsoever within this Kingdom, for using or exercising any such Trade as aforesaid, then the said Person, or the Wife or Child of any such Person, making it appear to the same Court where they are so sued, impleacted, or iudided, that they have served a legal Apprenticeship to the said Trade as aforesaid, or that he, she, or they, is or are the Wife or Wives, Child or Children, of such Person or Persons who shall have so served a legal Apprenticed^ as aforesaid, shall upon the General issue pleaded be found Not Guilty in any Plaint, Bill, Information, or Indictment exhibited against them 5 and such Persons who, notwithstanding this Act, shall prosecute the said Suit by Bill, Plaint, Information, or Indictment, and shall have a Verdict pass against him, or become nonsuit therein, or discontinue their said Suit, such Person or Persons shall pay unto such Persons who have served an Apprenticeship to, or who may be entitled to cx-ercife any Branch of the Woollen Manufacture, or the Wife or Child of such Person respectively, Double Costs of Suits to be recovered as any other Cods at Common Law may be recovered; and all Judges and Juries, before whom any such Suit, Information, or Indi.dment shall be brought and all other Persons whatsoever, are to take Notice of this present Act, and shall conform themselves thereto, any Statute* Law, Ordinance, Custom, or Providon to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where any such Person, or his Wife or Child, shall set up and exercise any Trade as aforesaid, to cause him or her to be summoned before them in the Town or Place where he or she shall set up and exercise such Trade as aforesaid, in order to make Oath of the Place of his or her lad legal Settlement (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer), and such Person, or his Wife or

Perfom who have served Apprenticeship to any Branch of the Wool lea Manufactures, and their Wives and Families, may set up and exercise any Trade in any Place in Great Britain, &c.

Such Persons may be furom by Two Justices as to the Place of their last Settlement.

r«l3°

Copy of Oath nay be tendered by Persons summoned a fecoud Time.

Act shall not extend to Universities of Cambridge and Oxford:

Ksr to London.

49<j. 3. C. 32.

The Duty of Sixpence under recited Act.flwU be charged for every Twenty Shillings of the yearly Value of all Salaries, fee.

C. 1&9, 116. 49 GEO. IB. A.D. 1809.

Child, is hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly, and such Justices are hereby required to give an attested Copy of such Affidavit so ftiade before them, to the Person making the same, in order that he or she may produce it when required, which attested Copy shall at any Time be admitted as Evidence as to such last legal Settlement, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

VII. Provided always, That in case any such Person or his Wife or Child shall again be summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then on such attested Copy of the Oath by him or her formerly taken being produced by him or her, or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Person or his Wife or Child shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his or her legal Settlement but shall leave a Copy of such attested Copy of his or her Examination, if required.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thn this Act shall not in any wise be prejudicial to the Privileges of the Universities of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them; or extend to give Liberty to any Person to set up the Trade of a Vintner, or to fell any Wine or other Liquors within the said Universities without Licence first had and obtained from the Vice Chancellor of the same resptft^vely.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the city of London, or to alter the Laws and Customs relative to Apprentices in the said City.

CAP. CX.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence on Offices and Employments.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament intituled An Act for continuing and malting perpetual federal Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence, repealed by an Act of the I aft Session of Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions, and Stipends, and thereby granted for One Tear, to the Twenty Jiftb Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine: And whereas the Duty of Sixpence, charged in the said recited Act for and upon

all Salaries, Fees, and Wages payable for and in respect of Offices of Profit granted by or derived from the Crown, which, before the passing of the said recited Act, had been rated or assessed in Manner therein aforesaid, and for and upon all Pensions and Annuities charged upon the Revenue of Great Britain, over and above all other Duties before the passing of the said recited Act charged or payable, is chargeable and ought to have been charged for every Twenty Shillings of the Yearly Value or Amount thereof respectively Be it therefore enacted and declared, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Duty of Sixpence in the said recited Act, and the Schedule thereto annexed, mentioned, is and shall be charged and chargeable for every Twenty Shillings of the Yearly Value or Amount of all such Salaries, Fees, and Wages payable for or in respect of Offices of Profit, granted by or derived

A.D. 1809. 49 GEO. III. C.no — til. 431

from the Crown, which, before the passing of the said recited Act, were rated or assessed in Manner therein mentioned, and for and upon all Pensions and Annuities charged upon the Revenue of Great Britain, over and above all other Duties before the passing of the said recited Act charged and payable.

CAP CXI.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the publick Expenditure, and the Conduct of the publick Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned.

[15th June 1809.]

" 45 G. 3. c. 47. (last continued by 4S G. 3. c. 61.) further continued " to 25 March 1811.

CAP. CXII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, to provide for the Defence of the Realm, with respect to the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the publick Service.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable 43 G.s*. 55.

4 His Majesty more ejjfeSually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War; and for indemnifying Persons who may fujfer tn their Property, by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose: And whereas another Act passed in the Forty*

fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled An 44 G. 3.«. 95. 4 AS to amend certain of the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty - third Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of tic Realm, which respect the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the Publick Service: And whereas*Difficulties have occurred in the giving of Notices, in Cases where*Persons absent, or Persons claiming Rights of Common, are inttrested in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, proposed to be taken under the said last recited Act for the Publick Service i*

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be eaadei; and be it enacted by the King's roost Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where any Persons who shall he interested in any Lands, Tenement?, and Hereditaments, proposed to be taken under the said last recited Act, shall be absent or cannot be found, and in all Cases where the Interest claimed by any Person or Persons in any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall con-fist of any Rights of Common thereon, it shall be sufficient that the Notice of such Lands having been marked out for the Publick Service shall be affixed upon the Church Door of the Parish wherein the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments are situated, Three fuc cessive Sundays before Morning Service, and shall be published in Three succeeding Weeks, One Day in each Week, in some Newspaper

usually

la C&iw where

Parties are absent or claim Right of Common in respect to Lands marked out for Publick Service, Notice may be'fixed on Lhufcii Doojs: and if Parties do not aerree in 14 Days, Possession shall be given, of

43*

Jury fun*-.

moned to sfcer-tain the Compensation, as wilder 44 G. 3. tv 95* §6.

Fewer* of 44 G. 3. C. 95. extended to this Act.

Agent General Hull apply to Treasury' for Money for the different Services,

and fubroit to Secretary at War Statements of his Receipts and Payments, who shall cheque the same add authorize the Application'for further Sums for such Services,

C. 11a> 113* 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809*

usually circulated in the County or Place wherein the said Lands, Tenements/ and Hereditaments are situated; and in case any such absent Persons or Commoners shall for the Space of Fourteen Day a after the last Day of such Notice being so affixed as aforesaid, and after the lad Publication thereof as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to treat or agree, or be by Absence or otherwise prevented from treating* or agreeing with the General Officer or other Person duly authorised in Manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid, for a Compensation for their respective Rights and Inttrefts in such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, then and in such Case His Majesty's Officers shall be put into Possession of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, if not then in Possession, and a Jury shall be summoned, and such further Proceedings shall be had for the Purpose of finding the Compensation to be paid to such absent Perfor.s or Commoners, for their respective Rights ard Interests in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, with such Power of Appeal from any Verdict of any such Jury, as by the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid is directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said recited Act of the Fortyr fourth Year aforesaid (unless hereby altered) shall he in force in relation to this Act, and shall he construed herewith in all Respe&s as if the same were inserted herein and formed a Part thereof.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Regulations by Law established in the Offices

W of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, and of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, for the iffiiing and Payment of Publick Monies required for Army and Navy Services, have been found beneficial; and it is expedient that Regulations for the like Purposes should be established by Law in the Office of the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia f Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Daffing of this Act the said Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia shall be and is hereby authorised and empowered to apply to the Treasury for Money for the different Services to which he may have been or shall be authorised to act as Agent General in the same Manner as the Monies required for such Services have hitherto been applied for by the Paymasters General of His Majesty's Forces.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia shall from Time to Time submit to the Secretary at War Statements of all his Receipts and Payments, applicable to each separate Head of Service, and that the Secretary at War for the Time being shall eause such Statements to be checked by the Books in his Department, and shall approve of and authorize the Application for such further Sums for the said Services as he may deem proper, by Letter addressed to the said Agent General, in which Letter the Secretary at War shall specify for what particular Service

A.D. 1809; 49° GEO. III. C. 113. 433

or Services the said Money is wanted, and the said Agent General for which Money the Time being shall, in all Memorials to be by him presented to the he paid into Treasury for Money for such Services, pray that fwch Sum as is re- th»Bank. quired may be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on his Account, and shall transmit with each Memorial a Copy of the Letter or Letters from the Secretary at War, and the '

Commissi mers of Hi< M^j. fty's Treasury for the Time being-, by their Letter from Time to Time fin 11 dirrft the Auditor of the Exchequer to iffupto the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on accdunt of the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, naming such Agent Gencrai for the Time being, the Sum for which such Letter shall be drawn upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer, in favour of the said Agent G ntral, for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a fuffinent D.scharge; and all Sums for which such Letters of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued from the Exchequer to the Gavernor and Company of the Bd»k of England\ and not to the Agent General for Volunteers and Local M litia, and shall be placed to the Accounts in the Books of the said Governor and Comca iy, for the particular Service to which the same may be applicable, wh ch Accounts shall be entitled,

" The Account of the Agent General for Volunteers, " The

Account of the Agent General for Local Militia, " and " The Account of the Agent General for the Militia and Defence Acts, " inferring the Name of such Agent General for the Time being in each of them respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Fees whatever shall be Only usual Feet paid at the Exchequer or Treasury by reason of the Transactions Ihallbepaid. arcresaid, beyond the Amount of what bath been usually paid upon

Impress and Accounts hitherto made, according to the former Custom of transacting Bufinrfs between the Exchequer, Pay Office, and Bank severally.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bills drawn on Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia for the Time being, Ag n* by Officer* by himself or his Depu'y, or the Person or Persons in his Office, at^Ue^ duly authorised by the said Agent General, to accept all such Bills, Hank anitfcall Draft?, or Order?, which shall be drawn upon him by any Officers of specify the pai^ Volunteers or Local Mil cia, or Other Persons duly authorised by the tlcular Service. ti Secretary at War, payable at the Bank of England; and every such

Bill or Draft shall specify the particular Head of Service to which the Sum therein mentioned is to be applied, and no Bill or Draft so accepted, shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company, unless the Service for which it is drawn is specified thereon, and unless it shall be actually paid by the fa; d Governor and Company, and the Monies so to be issued to the said Governor and Company on account of the said Agent General, shall not be paid out of the Bank unless for the Publick Services, for which his separate Accounts are opened, and in pursuance of Bills or Drafts drawn uoon the said Agent General and accepted as aforesaid, on which shal( be specified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein mentioned are to be applied, and which Drafts or Bills so drawn and accepted shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay such Money to the Person or Persons mentioned ia such Drafts or Bills,

4*9 Geo. III. Ff

434

Secretary ftt War may empower Agent General to draw on the Bank for Salaries, &c.

Agent General shall keep Accounts with die Bank.

All Money received for Publick Servicer shall be paid into the Bank.

Balances of Publick Money shall be Dated by Agent General to the Treasury monthly.

On Death or Removal of any Agent General, Balances shall vest in his Sakeflar,

C.nj. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

or to their Order or Orders according to the usual Course in respect to Bills of Exchange,

V. Provided, always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War, from Time to Time to authorize and empower the said Agent General to draw on the Bank of England for such Sums as the Secretary at War shall deem proper, for the Payment of the Salaries and Allowances to the Persons employed in his Office, and for such Suinsa3 shall be nectssary for Payments on his petty Accounts, and the said Agent General is hereby dire£L*d to draw distinct and separate Drafts for each of thfc said Services, and to keep a separate Account thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Agent General for the Time being shall keep Accounts with the Bmk of England of all Monies issued or directed to be paid to him for Publick Services; and the said Agent General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall not actually receive, or which shall not be actually drawn for by him. or paid upon the Bills accepted by him or his Deputy, or other Person or Persons authorised by him as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them for such Publick Services.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money received by the said Agent General for Publick Services, shall be immediately paid by him into the Bank of England, and placed to his Account there in Manner aforesaid 5 and such Money shall be issued, paid, and applied in such and the like Manner, and under the same Regulation* and Restrictions as the Money to be issued from the Exchequer for such Services is herein directed to be issued, paid, and applied.

VIII. And, in order that the Commissioners of His Majesty's ' Treasury may have frequent Knowledge of the Balance of Caffiin ( the Hands of the Governor and Coropanyof the Bank of England, on account of the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia,

and thereby be enabled to judge of the Necessity and Propriety of further Issues, and prevent the unnecessary Accumulation of Publick Money in the Hands of the said Governor and Company, Be it enacted, That in the First Memorial presented every Month, or oftener, if required, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury by the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia for the Time being, for a Supply of Money for Publick Services, such Agent General or his Deputy shall insert in the Body of such Memorial the Sum -total of the Balance of Publick Money on account of the Agent General, in the Hands of the Governor and Company, together with an Account of all the Claims and -cuttbHwiing Drafts or Bills with which such Balance is chargeable, and to which it is to be applied.

IX. And be it further enacted, that upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, the Balance of Cash for vthich he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account or Accounts, as Agent General, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, as (bon as a Successor shall be appointed, actually vest in such Successor, in trull for the Publick Services for which the same were issued, and shall forthwith be transferred, carried over, and placed to the Account of such Successor,

«# I*

4 35

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 113

to be applied to the said Services in the Manner herein before direct'd, and the succeeding Agent General shall, and he is hereby directed and required to submit Statements to the Secretary at War, and from his Memorials and Rtquilkions to the Treasury, and to accept Bilk as aforesaid for ail unsatisfied Charges and Demands on account of Publick Services, although the same shall have accrued in the Time of any preceding Aent General.

X. And be it further ena&-d, That all such Accounts of the Accounts of >A.gent General for the Time being shall be transmitted, with pro- Agent General per Vouchers, to the Commissioner, for auditing the Publick Accounts,

who, (hkl and they are hereby directed and required, with the least Auditor's Office possible Delay, after the Receipt thereof, to examine or cause to be 9

examined the said Accounts and if found satisfactory to present or cauftd to be presented the fan»e to the proper Officer or Officers for Declaration, and when the same are declared, a Quietus or Acquittance in the usual Form shall be made out to the Agent or Agents General, whole Accounts shall have been so declared, his or their Heirs, Executor*, or Administrators.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Accounts, Bookstjf and all Vouchers whatever kept in the Offices of Agent General Accounts and for Volunteers and Local Militia shall belong to the said Office, Vouchers shall and shall not be at the Disposal of the Agent General to take and (^?o°the dispose of the same as his private- and proper Books of Account and Agent General Vouchers; provided that nothing herein shall extend to prevent any for the time Person who hath exercised the Office of Agent General, or his or h«nfr

their Executors or Administrators, by himself or themftlyes, 01 by any Person or Persons authorised by him or them, from taking Copies or Extracts thereof until an Acquittance in the Exchequer shall be made out for such Agent General, his Heirs, Executors, and Admi-mstrators, nor the Transmission of the Vouchers in due Time to the Commissioners for auditing th? Publick Accounts.

XII. And be it farther cna6ed, That if any Person or Persons FWinr Draft* shall knowingly and wilfully forget or counterfeit, or cause or procure the Name cl to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act or fcflift

in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand of the Agent General without

for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons duly Cteigy. authorised as aforesaid, to an* D aft, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ on account of the Agent General for the Volunteers and Local Militia, and shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Inilrhment, or Writing, in Form of a Draft, made by such Agent Gcucral or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, or shall utter or publtfh any such, knowing the same to be forged or copnterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Perkm whomfbcVcr, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be* and is and are hereby declared and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

48 G. 3. C. lit. §50. 48 G. 3. c. 150. §57. direfiting Fines to " be paid into the Bank to the Account of the Fay mailer of tbic Foroes, repealed. §13.

Ffa XIV.

43<S

Paymaster shall cause all Sums already paid in to he transferred to Account of Agent General.

All such Fines shall in future be paid to Account jof the Agent General.

Instead of Draft for Bounties on Phymaster General,

[See 48 G. 3. c. 111. §56.]

such Draft shall be drawn on the Agent General.

Accounts shall continue to be furnished by Clerics of Meetings.

[£ee48 G. 8. c.lll.§57, &c.]

Ci ii]) 114* 49° GEO. III. Ai!D« 180*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said £ay matter General to cause any Sum or Sums of Money arising from Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures under the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament which shall have been or shall be received by him or paid to' the Bank of England on his Account, to be transferred or paid over to the separate Account opened at the Bank of England, in the Name of the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and by so doing the said Paymader General shall be and is hereby fully discharged for the Amount of the Sum which may have been or shall be so transferred or paid over by him as aforesaid: And from and after the passing of this Act all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures arising under the said recited Acts which may have beea or shall be received by any Clerk of Sub division or other Meetings, shall, within Twenty one Days after the Receipt thereof, be paid into the separate Account in the Bank of England, in the Name of the Agent General for Volunteers' and L9cal Militia, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Provisions, Clauses, and Penalties so far as is confident with the Provisions of this Act as are contained or prescribed in the said recited Acts with respect to the Payment of Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures directed to be made to the Account of the Paymader General; and all such Sums of Money so transferred or paid into such Account of such Agent General (had be applied in the same Manner as if the same had been issued from the Exchequer to such Account.

XV. And be it further enacted, That so mucl of the said recited Acts as direct that the Clerk of Subdivision or other Meetings, shall draw upon the Paymader General of His Majesty's Forces for the Amount of the Bounties payable under the said recited Acts to Persons transferring themselves from Volunteer Corps or Voluntarily enrolling themselves into the Local Militia shall be tad is hereby repealed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all such Bills or Drafts on account of Bounties as aforesaid, shall be drawn upon the Agent General for Volunteers and LQcai Militia, and shall be by him accepted agreeably to such Regulations as may from Time to Time be issued by the Secretary at War for the Time being.

" Bills for Bounties and Payments of Fines already accepted declared' legal. §17.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament shall extend to repeal or alter any Provision in the said recited Acts, by which Accounts are required to be farnished by the Clerks of Subdivision or other Meetings, or Penalties are infiided for their neglecting duly to transmit the same, or for unlawfully retaining Money m their Hands.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain.

[15th June 1809.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, < in Parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious Confederation

A.D. 18c. 49° GEO. III. C. 114, 115. 437 1

sideration Your Majesty's moll Gracious MeiTage, signifying that the ancient Relations of Good Understanding and Friendftiip between Your Majesty and the Emperor of Aujiria have been happily restored, and have been confirmed by Treaty, and that although

the Provisione of the said Treaty do not include any Stipulation ' for pecuniary Assistance, Your Majesty is nevertheless desirous of

being enabled to afford to His Imperial Majesty, such Assistance of that Description as may be called for by the Circumstances of the

Contest in which His Imperial Majesty is engaged against the

common Enemy, and as can be furniftied by Your Majesty consistently with the other extended Demands upon the Resources of

Your Majesty's Dominions 5 and that Your Majesty is equally desirous ot continuing to the Spanjjb Cause, such Succours as may be nq'iifite for sustaining and afliiting the Efforts of that Nation against the Tyranny and Usurpation of France, as well as of giving Consistency and Effect to the Exertions of the People of Portugal,

for the Defence of their lawful Government and National Independence; and that Your Majesty is therefore dtfirous of being enabled to provide for those Objtds, and to take such other Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be e»adtd, &c.

41 Treasury may iffae Exchequer Bills for 3, 000, 000l. in Manner directed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. Chargeable on the First Supplies of next Session. §1 — 3. Interest on such Bills not exceeding $\d.

<4 per Cent, per Diem. §4. Such Bills may be taken in Payment of the Revenue, &c. after AprlU 5, 1810. §5. Bank may advance 44 3, 000, 000l. on Credit of this Act. §6.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

[19th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it may be convenient in the present crowded State of the Prisons and Gaols in England and Wales, that some of the Prisoners confined therein, truly surrendefing their Effects to their Creditors, should be liberated, and enabled to parfue their different Professions and Occupations Be it therefore f enacted, &c.

Gaolers shall make out Lists of Prisoners in their Custody, on February 1, 1809, and deliver the same to the Quarter Sessions,

&c. §1. Such Lifts shall be delivered on Oath in open Court,

and shall be kept by Clerk of the Peace, and examined grade*

§ 2. Copy of Lifts shall be fixed up in Prisons, before Delivery to the Sessions. {3. Prisoners in Custody on 1 February, 1809, for Debts not exceeding 2, ooool. shall be discharged on conforming to the Ad. §4.

V. And whereas many honest but unfortunate Persons whose Further ExtenDebts exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, although willing fion of Relief i*

to surrender their Effects for the Benefit of their Creditors, have been confined in Gaol many Years, and but for the Interposition of h[en toCustody the Legislature will be doomed to perpetual Imprisonment Be 5 01 lo Yew*, it therefore enacted, &c.'

Persons

C.ii$.> 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Persons charged in Execution on 1 July, 1809, with Debts not " exceeding 3000l. and having been confined for Five Years previous to this Act; and Persons lo charged with Dc-bts to any Amount 41 having been confined for Ten Years, shall be dischzrged on conforming to the Act. §3. Justices may, on Prisoners delivering Schedules, issue Warrants to brine them to the Quarter Session?. " §6. For holding a Special St (lion. §7. Schedules shall re- main with Clerk of the Peace. §8. Debtors intending to apply for Discharge, shall give Notices in t'->e London Gazette* &c. §9, n Debtors shall deliver Schedules to the Gaoler, previous ro the First Notice. § io, n. Debtora proving that Notices have been given, shall in open Court deliver in Schedules of their Effects on* Oath. §12. Schedule and Oath to be subscribed by the Debtor*. 44 Court, at the Request of Creditors, may examine Gaolers on " Oath. §13. Eliates and Effects of Debtors discharged. shall be 4t vested in the Clerk of the Peace, who shall assign the same to such " Creditors as the Court shall dir dl in trull to get in Debts, and make Dividends. §14. Creditors for Annuities payable at any future Time shall receive Dividend* as under a Commission of Bankruptcy. §15. All Eliates of Debtors, though not mferted in the Schedule, shall be veiled io Clerk of the Peace. §16. 44 Holders of Securities without Considerath n, not entitled to ci^im 44 as Creditors. §17. Eliates shall remain vested in the Cirrk of the Peace for the Time being. §18. No Suit in Law or Equity shall be sued by Assignees without Consent of the Majesty of " the Creditors. $ 19. Schedules shall be produced by the Clnk of the Peace to Creditors. The Debtor's Right alone to be affected by this Act. §20. Mortgages shall take place of Debts of an inferior Nature. §21. Power of leafing Lands, &c. veiled in Assignees. §22. Gaoler, on Request of Creditor, to be sworn concerning the Custody and Commitment of D btors. 44 §23, 24. At the Re quest of Creditors, Gaolers may be examined on Oath at the Sessions touching Commitments. Penaby on Gaolers, Sheriffs, Sec. disobeying Orders of Justices, Six Months* 44 Imprisonment, &c. §24. Penalty on Gaoler and Pri ter of London Gazette or Newspaper not complying with the Regulations of this Act 100l. §25. Punishment of Gaolers for Perjuty 50c/. for Benefit of the Creditor?. §26. Penalty on Clerk of th-peace not giving Copies of Adjudication of Discharje 20l. §27. Debtors falsely swearing shall suffer as for wilful Prrjury. §28. Debtors discharged shall not be liable to be imprisoned for Debts pri >r to 44 I February 1809. §29. But shall not be discharged from Debts incurred subsequei t to T February, 1809 §30. Act may be pleaded to any Action of Escape. &c. §31. Act may be pleaded generally by Prisoners. §32. Prisoners, who, on Application at insolvent Debtor?, have been remanded back, and since discharged without their Consent, entitled to the Benefit of this Act. §33. Act shall r.ot extend to Attornies or Servants em- bezzling Money, except where they have been confined Ten Years. 44 §34* Nor to Persons ( braining Monty or Goods under false ^re- ttnees or fictitious Names, except where they have been conhned Ten Years. §35.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Truth of each of the Objections and Exceptions aforesaidgainst

the

ftaefofth*

Troth of Ofi* jedtioob

439

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.iij.

the obtaining the Benefit of this Act, shall be proved by the Testimony upon Oath of One or more credible Witnef# or Witnesses, besides the Testimony upon Oath of the Person or Persons making such Objections, or other legal Proof or Evidence admissible in a Court of Law: Provided always, that no Prisoner, who shall have^not been remanded to Person under any Ad heretofore passed for the extend to Pri-Relief of Insolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Money, fonen remanded Goods, or Securities for Money on false Pretences, or for having fe- to Pr^on under civtly or fraudulently removed Stock* Cattle, or other Effects, which were subject or liable to be detained for Rent, or who shall have loft len(J* or forfeited the Benefit of any such former Act, by having made any Money, &c. fraudulent Sale, Transfer, Conveyance, or Assignment, since his or her Imprisonment, to the Prejudice of his Creditor or Creditors, or who shall have fraudulently obtained a Discharge under such former

Ad, or shall have taken a false Oath under such Ad, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge under this Act, but shall be remanded to.Prison as aforesaid by the Julbces before whom he or she shall b« brought up to take the Benefit of this Act: Provided always, that such Objections or Exceptions were supported by such Proof or Evidence as is herein before provided and directed to be made under this present Act, and not otherwise; and that no Person shall be permuted to make the Objections in this Act mentioned against any Prisoner, except a detaining Creditor, or such Person or Persons as have commenced their Action or Actions against such Priforer previous to the First Day of February last pnft, grounded on the Matters in the said Exception* mentioned: Provided also, that no Person Nor to Persons charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Action for Cri- charged in minal Conversation with the Wife of the Plaintiff in such Ad; on, or Execution for in Action for seducing or carnally knowing the Daughter or Female Servant of the Plaintiff, or in any Action for a malicious P ofecution, A^ion ft* or in any Action for any other malicious Injury, shall have any Benefit Criminal Con-under this Act, except only iii Cases where the Plaintiff in such Actions verfation, &c. respectively shall be dead, and no Person shall have obtained Probate except whew of the Will or Letters of Admimlt ration of the Effects of such Plai?- ^'echaJ % if" tiff within Twelve Months after his Deceasit; except where such Years! Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last pa ft.

Act shall not extend to Persons removing Effects of the Value of 44 30l. liable to be distrained for Rent, except where they have been '.confined Ten Years* §37. Nor to Persone felling or aligning Effects to defraud Creditors, except where they have been confined ' Ten Years. §38* Nor to Persons losing Money at Ptay, except '

" where they have been confined Ten Years. §39. Penalty on " Gaolers not permitting Prisoners to be fpoktn with, or E? try in the Books of the Prison to be seen, 40l. §40. Penalty on Gaoler ' making false Entries 500l. §41. pebtors refuting to difeever the ' Trade and Abode of the Person at whose Suit detained, excluded ' from the Benefit of this Act. $42. Justices for Surrey may ad- journ to the Scilon House in Horsemonger Lane. §43. Justices " for Turk and Lincoln may hold a' Sdhon near to the County Gaol. §44. Justices for the District of Holland may hold an act-" journed Session. §45. Prisoners in Custody for Prison Fees'shall |( be discharged. §46.

F f 4 XLVII.

440

Act {Ml not extend to Debtors of the Crown or Offenders against Revenue Acts, ui less the Treaty coofent.

Fraudulent Discharges void*

Future Estates of Debtors discharged under this Act shall be liable for their / Debts.

Cm5. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this A A shall not extend or be construed to extend to difehtrge any Prisoner fetking the Benefit of this Act, with respect to any I)*bt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Person for any Offence coooomitttd again 11 any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamos, or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Publick Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Publick Officer upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to H*e Majesty's said Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps, or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Publick Revenue, uiness any Three of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the T»me being (h*ll certify their Consent under their Hands, to the said Justices at their said Session or Adjourns xnent thereof, for the Discharge of such Prisoner a&aforesaid.

is Determination of Justices shall be final, unless the Debtor getp rid " of the Objections to his D'scharge. §48. Estates of which Pri-M foners are seised in Tail, shall be delivered up to their Creditor?, " $ 49. Assignees may apply for further Examination of Debtors to, f two Justices. §5°-

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear that the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true, then and in every such Case every such Discharge shall be void and of none Effect.

41 Assignees with Consent of a Majority in Value of Cre4itors may compound Debts, and submit Disputes to Arbitrator. §52 Penalty 4< on Persons concealing Debtors* Estates 1 po/. and double Value. 44 §53* If Assignees die', others may be chose:. §54. Courts V at Westminster % &c. on Complaint rray reirove Assignees. $ 35. 4* In Cases of Mutual Credit Balance shall be stated. §56. Persona " in Custody for Contempt in not paying Monies awarded, Costs, 44 &c. entitled to the Benefit of this Act. §57. Persons impn. 44 foned by Courts of Conscience entitled to the Benefit of th»'s Act, and Lifts shall be returned < f them to the Session. §58. Affirma- tion of Quakers may be taker. §59. Justices may amend Notices. 44 and Schedules in Matters of Form. §60 The Insolvent, on re-4' leafing his Iutercft, declared a competent Witness. $ 61.

LXII. And be it further enrfterj, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to discharge the future Estate or Efttfts, Real or Personal, of any Person or Persons discharged under this Act* whether such Person or Persons shall or shall not have been charged in Execution, of or from the Payment of any Debts, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money due, owing, or demandable from any such Person or Persons, or in respect of which any such Person or Persons was or were in Custody; and all and every Person or Persons entitled to receive or be paid any such Debt. Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, shall have all such and the like Remedies in Law or Equity against such future Estate and Effects, other than and except the necessary Apparel and Bedding of such Person or Persons

4*

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 115, 116.

and their Family, and the necessary Tool* lor hit, her, or their Trade and Occupation, not exceeding the Value of Forty Pounds, but not against the Person of the Part?, for Payment thereof, as he, she, or they might have had if this Act had not been madet and in any Case in which the Payment or Recovery of such Demands or Sums, of Money could, before the passing of this Act, have been enforced only by Commitment, either bn the Ground of Contempt or other* wife, of the Persons liable thereto, the Party interested therein shall be and is hereby enabled to sue the Person or Felons who ought to have paid the same for what shall remain unfatisfted thereof, m like Manner as if the Sum remaining unfatisfted had been Money lent and advanced by, or Money had and received for the Use of, the Person having such Demand, but shall be entitled to recover or have Execution out of or against such future Estate and Effedsonly, and shall not be entitled to arrrft or take in Execution the Party against whom such Demand shall be enforced,

4f Persons having taken the Benefit of any Insolvent Ad within Five 41 Year, not entitled to Relief under this Act. §63.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to make further Provision for the Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland.

[19th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provision for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the f Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, it? Ireland; y Be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Court of Commissioners or S ib Commissioners who, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the Day of passin? of this Act, shall fit to hear, try, or determine any Complaint or Information for any Offence against any Act or Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Tnmgs aforesaid, or any of them, shall begin the Trial thereof on the Day of which Notice shall be first given for proceeding thereon; and whenever any such Complaint Or Information shall be to be tried within the District of Dublin (as specified and described in an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenue* Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Cuf toms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland,) such Day of Trial, of which Notice shall be first given as aforesaid, shall be within Thirty Days nextafter the Complaint or Information shall have been made, except only where any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been conveyed into the said piftrid of Dublin from the District where the same were, actually seized; arifl whenever any Goods shall have been so conveyed into the

Trills before Commissionoser Sub-Co rnmif-fisnen shall commence on the Dtyoa which Notice shall be ^iren, which shall be within 30 Days liter Information in Dublin Dif-tri<ft(&*46 G. 3. c. 106.98.) and within 50 Days elsewhere.

44*

C. i id. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

said District of Dublin, and also whenever any Complaint or Inform?* tion shall be to be tried wkbin any other I)i(trid than the said District of Dublin, then and in either of such Cases, such Day of Trial, of which Notice shall be first given as aforesaid, shall be within Fifty Days next after such Complaint or Information shall have been Such Trialslhall made; and in all Cases such Court of Commissioners or Sub>Com« M* mill mere shall forthwith proceed upon every such Trial on such3j3# c'Day of which Notice shall be first given as aforesaid, and shall not*adjourn until a Witness shall have been examined, unless by the Con-

ftnt of both Parties, or upon good and sufficient Cause to be alligntd in Manner directed by an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of H; s present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the making perpetual fever alA8s for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Provision for the Security of the fold Revenues, and for the Execution of the fevero I Acts relating thereto; and it shall not be lawful for such Commissionere or Sub-Commissioners to adjourn ary Trial, except in such Manner as is dirtded in and by the said last recited Act or this Act.

In rafe of Death

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if on any Day of r Illness of a. which such Notice for Trial shall have been first given as aforesaid, it "-er on shall happen that any Commissioner or Snb-Commissioner, whose Pro pointed^for Trial, knc€8 nectssary to copstitute a Court for such Trial, shall be pre-the Court may vented from attending by Death, Illness, or other inevitable Accident,

adjourn from and the same shall be made appear upen Oath to the other Commis-

Dayto Day. fionere or Sub-Commissioners attending at such Day, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners, so attending, to adjourn such Trial from Day to Day only, in like Manner as they are authorised to do in other Cases, until some other Commissioner or Sub-Commissioner shall be appointed and shall attend in the Room of any Commissioner or Sub Commissioner so dying, or until such Commissioner of Sub.Commissioner, whose Absence shall be occasioned by Llntfs or other inevitable Accident, shall be able to attend and shall attend, so that such Trial may be duly proceeded upon; and every such Adjournment and Cause thereof, upon Oath, shall be entered in the Proceedings of the Court, and be made Part of the Transmifs.

Penalty on Sub-

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Officer Commissioners shall fit or ad as a Sub-Commissioner appointed to hear, tiy, and whoreia'lmer-6* ^cterm*ne at Y Complaint or Information for any Offence against any acted, Incapacity, Act or Acts relating to the Revenues, Matcere. and Things aforesaid, «ic.*in any Cause wherein he is inttrested in the Recovery of the Penalties annexed to such Offence, he the said Officer, being thereof con-vided by due Course of Law, shall forfeit Treble the Amount of the said Penalties, and be thenceforth rendered incapable of holding or exercising any Office Civil or Military under the Crown. Informations for

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Act or Acts in force re-Offences against lating to any of the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Ma-Excise and nagement of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or under bewbTdn'Three th* Management of the Commissionere of Inland Excise and Taxes in Months after Ireland, shall extend to charge any Person or Persons with any Penalty,

Offence. Forfeiture, or Punishment upon any Trial to be had before any such

Commissioners, or any of their Sub-Commissioners for the Time being, for or concerning any Offence to be committed after the Day of the

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. Gn<. 443

passing of this Act contrary to the Tenor of any such Act or Acts,

or of any of the Articles or Branches of the dame, unless the Party or Parties so offending be informed against or complained of to such

Commissioners, or their Sub-Commissioners or Colletors respectively,

within three Calendar Months next after the same Offence shall be

done or committed as aforesaid; any Thing in an Act made in the

Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the

Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impojl 15 C. 9k»

upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted9 or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland relating to the said Revenues, Matters, and Things, or any of them, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And to prevent unnecessary Expences on Informations and Trials with respect^o unlicensed Stills, and other Offences against any Act or Acts in force relating to any Matters or Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes,

'*or of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland? Be Commissioptiiof it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they Extifeand are hereby respectively empowered and required, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand tight hundred and nine, Solid-

to settle and ascertain what Charges shall be made by and be payable tors, &c. om to any Solicitor or Attorney employed by or on behalf of the said Informations Commissioners respectively, or under their Orders, or by their Direc- and Trials, tiorw, in the making, drawing, or framing of any Information or Complaint, or in any Proceeding relative to such Information or Complaint, or to any Trial, Conviction, or Judgment in consequence thereof j and whenever such Rates of Charges shall be so settled and ascertained, and shall have rectived the Approbation of the Commissioners for exteuting the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or of Customs and Port Duties respectively, shall cause a Table of such Rates of Charges to be made out and to be signed by the Secretary to such Commissioners resp. lively, and to be transmitted to the Offices of the Collectors of Excise and Customg respectively in their several Dill rifts; and such Collectors (liallflu or bang up such Table of Rates in some conspicuous Part of their Office, and keep the same so affixed and hung up for publick In-for&'on, so that ail Persons may have convenient Access thereto; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively to alter such Table of Rates of Charges from Time to Time, with the Approbation of the said Commissioners of the Treasury in Manner aforesaid 5 and if at any Time after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, any Solictor, Attorney, or other Person concerned or employed on behalf of the said Commissioners, or under their Orders, or by their Direct'ons in the Matters aforesaid, or any of them, shall make any Charge, or take or receive any Payment or Reward whatsoever, other than such as shall from Time to Time be set forth in and authorised by such Table to be prepared by the said Commissioners rcfocctively in Manner aforesaid. such Solicitor, Attorney, or other Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pound?, to be recovered with Costs of Suit, together with the Amount of such Charge or Payment, in any of His Majesty.'s Courts of Record in Dublin at the Suit of any Person who will sue for the same by Action of Debt,

44* Crust 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no EfTuign nor'Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

46 G. 3. c. 5ta

VI. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of

f 1 His present Majesty* Reign, intituled An Act for establishing certain

Regulations in the Colledioh and Management of His Majyly's Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Taxes in Ireland* it is among other Things enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things relating to ' the Duties of Customs and Excise or Taxes, which by any Act or c Act* in force in Ireland are required to be done or performed by or ' under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners mentioned in the said Act, made in the Parliament. of Ireland, in the Fourteenth and ' Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second,

intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impofi upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successorst according to the Book of Rates

therein inserted, shall and may be in like Manner done and performed by or under, the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, as the Case may require: For the obviating of any

Doubts as to the Construction of the said recited Act of the Forty-

sixth Year aforesaid, or of any other Act or Acts in force ii) Ireland

relating to the Matters and Things under the Management of the

Where Claims, ' Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties; Be it enacted, That Entries, or whenever, by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, it is or shall be Proceedings are required that any Claim, Entry, or other Proceeding shall be made, required to be filed, or entered, or had in or at the Excise Office of any District Excise'ofhce ok re^at*ve to any Matter or Thing whatsoever, every such Claim, Entry, any Distrust, if or °ther Proceeding which shall relate to Shipping or Navigation, the Matter re- or to any Matters or Things which by the said recited Act of the lates to Customs, Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland* such Claims, &c, are placed under the Management or Jurisdiction of the Commis-in the^fficTof ^ODtrd of Customs and Port Duties, shall be made, filed, entered, the Collector of or the Office of the Collectur of the Customs of the Port or the Customs. District within which the Cause of such Claim, Entry, or other

Proceeding shall have arisen, instead of the Excise Office of such D: strict, and such Claim, Entry, or other Proceeding shall be good and effectual to all lutents and Purposes whatsoever contained in such

Act qr Act*.

Penalty on

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Ex-

Officer taking piration of One Calendar Month next after the Day of the passing of

Bribes or Pre- this Act, if any Officer of Customs or Excise, or any Officer appointed fents from any by or acting under the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or Persons subject the Commissiom rs of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or either of ctfe oTcustomsT them, shall directly or indirectly by himself or by any other Person to his Use or Benefit, ask or shall take or receive directly or indirectly from or on the Behalf of any Person or Persons who by any Act or Acts in force in Inland, shall be liable or subject to or chargeable with the Payment of any Duty under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, any Bribe, Fee, Gratuity, Recompence, or Reward, or any Matter or Thing whatsoever, or any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, or any Promise of the same, for the doing or performing, or for the not doing or performing any Act, Matter, or Thing which such Officer ought to do or perform in the Execution of the Duty of his Office, or for or in respect of or with

445

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 115.

with Intent to influence any Cocdv& of such T)fficfcr in respect of the Payment or Non-payment of any such Duty* or of the Attendance or Non-attendance or Delay of Attendance of any such Officer, or of the Execution or Non-execution of his Duty a; an Officer, other thah and except such Sum or Sums of Mooey as such Officer may by Lav be entitled to, or may be allowed by such Commissionera respectively % to receive in lieu of his Share of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture j every such Officer so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty Misdemeanor. of a Misdemeanor, and such Officer shall and may be ind'&'d for such Offence, at the Assizes held in the County or County of a City oi*

Town where such Offence shall be committed, or at the Court of Commission of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, held in and for the county of Dublin and County of the City of Ijublin, for such Offence as shall be committed within the said County or City respectively; and in case any Indictment shall be found at such Arizes or Court against such Officer, he shall plead thereto forthwith without having Time to traverse the same; and it shall be lawful Punishable by for the Court before whom such Officer shall be tried and confided* Dne, Iraprifjpo-to inflid such Punishment on such. Officer by Fine not Jess than jllent, V. Three Times the Value of such Bribe, Fee, Gratuity, Recom- "P* pence* or Reward, and by Imprisonment or otherwise, as may by the Laws and Statutes in force in Ireland be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors; and such Officer so convicted shall thenceforth be incapable of holding any Office or Employment whatever, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or under any Authority derived from His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expi- p, ration of One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, if offering

any Person whatever shall directly or indirectly give or offer any Bribes to Bribe, Fee, Gratuity, Recompence, or Reward, or any Sum or Officers, Mif-Sums of Money, Article, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, or any demeanor, Promise of the same, to any Officer of Cuiioms or Excise, or any Officer appointed by or acting under the Commissioners of Customs prisonmeniT* and Port Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, P or either of them, for the doing or performing, or for the not doing or performing any Ad, Matter, or Thing which such Officer ought to do or perform in the Execution of the Duty of his Office, or for or in respect of or with Intent to influence any Conduct of such Officer in respect of the Payment or Non-payment of any Duty under the Management of the said Commissioners respectively, or of the Attendance or Non-attendance or Delay of Attendance of any such Officer, or of the Execution or Non execution of his Duty as an Officer, other than such Salary, Recompence, Reward, or Gratuity* as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners respectively, or to which such Officer may by Law be entitled to; every such Person so offending, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor* and such Person shall and may he iodided for such Offence (whether such Offer shall be accepted, or Promise shall be performed, or not) at the Assizes held in the County or County, of the City or Town where such Offence shall be committed, or at the Court of Com-xniffion of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, held in and for the County of Dublin, and County of, the City of Dublin, for such Offence as shall be committed within the said County or City respectively; and in case any Indictment shall be found at such Assizep

or

Coromiflkmer*

of Customs and Excise shall not mitiaate any Forfeiture, &c. will Knit Coafent of the Treasury.

Perfora put in Charge of Colletftions shall be liable to account, &c. in the same Manner as CoUe&ors.

C. ntf. 49° GEO. llL A*0 1

or Court against fuel* person, he shall plead thereto forthwith, without having Time to traverse the same; and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, to inflict such Puntftiment by Fine, not lefa than Three Times the Value of such Bribe, Fee, Gratuity* Recompence, or Reward, and by Imprisonment or otherwise, as may by the Laws and Statutes in force in Ireland be infl sted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Exp'ration of Ten Days next after the Day of the prfling of this Act, it flidh not be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, nor for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any of them, to abate, reduce, or mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, not to restore any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise, for any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Thing6 under the Management of the said Commissioners respectively, after a Prosecution shall have been commenced by any Officer of Excise or Customs by his filing an Information for the same; nor to cancel nor deliver to be cancelled any Bond taken for His Majesty's Use, the Condition whereof shall not have been fully performed and satisfied^ without the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland, or any Three of them, for that Purpose.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties shall have heretofore put or placed, or shall hereafter put or place any Person in Charge of any Col it ft ion relating to the Matters and Things under the Management of the said C'm* missioners respectively; and in all Cases where such Commissioners respectively shall have appointed ordirtsted, or shall appoint ordirtft any Person to execute the Office of any Collector of Excise, or Collector of Customs respectively, in consequence of any Vacancy, Absence, Suspension, or Removal of a Collector, every such Person so put in Charge, or so appointed or directed to execute any such Office of Collector, shall be considered as a Collector for the Time being, so far as respects any Money by bim received or paid; and that such Person so put in Charge, and the Sureties of every such Person respectively, shall be subject and liable, and shall and may be required and compellable^ and compelled to account for ail and every Sum and Sums of Money received or paid by such Person, ard to pay and satis'fy all Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be received by such Person, or with which such Person is or may be chargeable by virtue of, or in consequence of any Charge, Direction, or Appointment, in such and the like Manner and Form, and to and before such and the like Courts and Persons, and under all such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures, Regulations Restrictions and Provisions whatsoever, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as any Colltftor duly holding and exercising the Place or Office in Charge of which such Person shall be put and placed, or which he shall be directed or appointed to excerciie as aforesaid, is required fend compeliable, and compelled to account for, and to pay and la i>fy all Sum and Sums of Money received by him, or with which he is chargeable, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for that Purpose.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 116. 447

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration Collector* shall of One Calendar Month next alter the Day of the passing of this fend Weekly Ad, every Collector of Customs, and every Collector of Excise, Abftm8»of and every Person put in Charge of any Collection of Customs or Ex- Heceipuand cife, shall transmit weekly to the Cornu* ssioners of Customs and Port Cat^Mioners Duties, or to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxe? respect of Customs and tively, an Abstract or Accourt, signed by himself in the Presence of Excise, respea-an Officer of Customs or Excise, ard witnessed by such Officer, of nrely dating the his several Receipts and Payments for the Week ending on the Day Balance in the#/ preceding the Day of h«a iransmitting such Abstract or Account, "atuis* debiting himself therein with all Monies received by him in that Week,

or in his Hands at the Commencement thereof, ard crediting himself for all such Sums as be shall have paid therein as Collector, or as shall have been paid on his Account during that Week to the Receiver*

General, or into His Majesty's Exchequer, Hating the Balance

thereon; and every such Collector or Person in Charge, shall catry

forward such Balance as the first Article in the succeeding Week's

Abstract or Account on the Debit or Credit Side thereof, as the

Case shall happen to be, and so from Time to Time weekly and every Week in Tike Manner: Provided always, that if any Bill, Draft, or CoIfeaorsiMp

Note, shall have been transmitted or delivered to the-Receiver- take Credit for

General on account of any such CHledor or other Person in Charge,

which shall not have come to Maturity at the Time of such Trans-

million, such Collector or other Person shall and may take Credit for*

the same in the Abstract or Account of the Week, in which he shall be informed that the Amount thereof has been paid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Collector, or Cdledort shall Person put in charge of any Collection, shall set down in Writing at add to Weekly the Foot of every such weekly Abstract, or on the Back thereof, Abstra&a

or on some Paper annexed thereto, a Memorandum of the Amount of Bills, Notes, or Drafts in the Han<}s of the Receiver General, ° 1 5reBm

not set down to the Credit of such Collect >r or Person in such Ab-

ttrad, and which are to be placed to his Credit when paid, specifying

the Particulars of every such Bill, Note, and Draft respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Collector of Customs Collectow shall or Excise, and every Person in charge of any Collection of Customs deliver annual or Excise, shall once in every Year within Three Months after the Account signed Fifth Day of January in each Year, or within Three Months after he (^mmissioner shall cease to be Collector, or to be in charge as Collector, draw up, who shall trans* a dp ft, and settle with the Commissioners of Custonr.a or Excise respect mit the same to tively, a full and true Account for the Whole of the Year ending the the Auditor-said Fifth Day of January, or for so much of such Year as he shall General, anjja have been iq charge of such Colk&iou, and shall sign such Account

with his Name, and shall insert therein among his Receipts and Pay- Auditor-General

ments, every Item of Receipt and Payment, with the Dates, and in totbeCoHe&cr

the Woids and Figures as the same were severally set forth in the shall be fworato

Weekly Abstracts tianfmitred by him as aforesaid; and the said Com- fey him.

mifjjontra respectively shall forthwith deliver a Copy thereof, signed by their Secretary or Accountant General, to such Collector or other Person, and shall deliver the said Account to the Auditor-General of

+His Majesty's Exchequer, who shall forthwith transmit a Copy thereof, fairly engrossed on Parchment, to such Collector or other Person, and require him to make Oath to the Truth thereof at the Foot of such Copy, either before the Chancellor of His Majesty's Court of

Exchequer',

3

44*

C. ti6*

Where Two Colleton are in Charge, each ftaD answer for hintftlf only.

Penalty on Coilc&or wrglefting to sign and transmit weekly Accounts, 101.

Second Offence, Fine and Im-j>rif«nmenu

Penalty on

Collector* neglecting to adjiifl annual Account*, For* fekure of Salary.

Penalty on CoUe&or not swearing to yearly Accounts, Forfeiture of Oflke and 1001.

Commissioners, with Consent of Treasury, may

49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Exchequer, of one of the Barons thereof, or before the Court of the Quarter-Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, held in the County or County of the Town or C?ty wherein his Office as Collector shall be situate, in the Presence of the aAing Clerk of the Prace attending such Sessions, who shall witness the same; and every Collector, or other Person in charge of a Colie Aion, shall make Oath to the Truth of such Account, in Manner aforesaid, and transmit or deliver such Account, so sworn to, to the Auditor of the Exchequer, before the First Day of August next following the Date of the settling and adjusting of such Account: Provided always, that where Two or more Persons shall have been Collectors or in charge as Collectors for the same District, in the Course of pne and the same Year ending on the Fifth Day of January, each and every Person having so been Collector or in charge as Collector, shall be accountable and shall account for such Part of the Year only during which he shall have been Collector or in charge as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or othetf Person in charge of a ColIeAion, shall omit or negVA sign, get testified, and transmit such weekly Abstract or Account, in the Manner and Form and at the Time herein enacted rtfpeAing the same, such Collector or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Onvffion or NegUA; which Sum the said Commissioners are respectively required to deduct and default to the tJfe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, out of the Salary o.f such ChileAor or other Person; and for his second and every subsequent Offence therein he shall, over and above the Forfeiture of the said Sum of Ten Pounds be also suspended from his Office of ColleAor, and continue so suspended until such Suspension shall be taken off by the said Commissioners of Customs or Excise, which they are hereby respectively authorised to do, on his accounting to their Satisfaction for such his Omission^or Neglect.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of Excise or Customs, or any Person in charge as such Collector, shall refuse or neglect to adiuft and settle and sign such Accounts for the Year or Part of the Year, as the Case may be, in Manner and within the Time aforesaid, or within such further Time as may be allowed for that Purpose under the Provisions of this Act, all Salary and Allowances payable to any such Collector shall be forfeited and defaulted to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from the Day when such ColleAor or other Person ought to have settled and adjusted and signed such yearly Accounts as aforesaid, until he shall fully settle and adjust. and sign the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of Customs, or any Collector of Excise, or any Person in charge of any Collection of Customs or Excise, shall refuse or neglect to swear to the Truth of such Accounts so settled and adjusted and figoed, and to transmit or deliver the same to the Auditor of the Exchequer in Manner herein required, before the First Day of August in any Year, or such further Day as may be allowed under the rrovisions of this Act, he shall be incapable from and after such Day of holding his Place as CoW leAor, or any other Place or Office under the Commissioners of Excise or Customs, and shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively, by and with the Approbation of

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 11 & 449

the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Trea- K]D; t Fines an<i.surer of Ireland, or any Three of them, in case of Sickness or any allow further other unavoidable Cause preventing any ColIe£tor or Person in charge Time for ae such, from transmitting any such weekly Abstract or Account within' Account* the Time aforesaid, to remit the Forfeiture of Ten Pounds incurred thereby 5 and in case any Collector or Person in charge as such, shall be prevented by Sickness'or any other unavoidable Cause, from settling and adjusting, orfwearing to his yearly Accounts, or transmitting the same, when sworn, within the Time or Times aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively, by and with the Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, to allow such further Time for so doing as shall appear to the said Commissioners respectively to be reasonable for that Purpose, and to

reflpt the Incapacity and Forfeiture aforesaid, if the same shall have been incurred before Application Could have been made for such further Time as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions or Suits Colfaftor's commenced or to be commenced against any Collector or Person in Account# Hull charge as a Collt&or, or his personal Representatives, or agairfft be Evidence of both or either of his Sureties, or their or either of their personal die Receipt of Representatives, every such weekly Abflra6t or Account so signed

and witnessed, shall be accepted, taken, and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of the Receipt of the Sums therein stated to the Debit of such Collector or other Person; and all and every such yearly Account or Accounts for Part of a Year, so settled and adjusted, signed, and sworn, shall be accepted, taken, and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence against such Golle&or Or other Person in charge as a CMlector, or his personal Representatives, or both or either of his or their Sureties, or their or either of their personal Representatives, of the several Receipts therein severally set forth.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Fee to the

such Account for a Year or Part of a Year shall be sworn before any Auditor-General Court of Quarter-Sessions, it shall and may be lawful for the said on Accounts Commissioners respectively, and they are hereby required to pay, eforc

unto the Auditor-General a Fee, to such Amount as the Commis- e ons' sioners of Customs have heretofore allowed Credit for in their Collectors' Accounts, as having been paid by the Collector or Collectors or Person in charge of a Collection, to the Auditor*General on passing

Accounts within the Year and as they would have allowed Credit for in case such Account had been sworn before the Chancellor or one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer.

XIX. And be it further ena&id, That no Surcharge shall be made ^11 Surcharge# On account of any short Charge of Duty payable on the Importation of Custom Duties of any Goods, WareB, or Merchandize imported into or exported shall be made out of Ireland, at any Time after the passing of this Act, upon the wkhinFout Person or Persons who shall have imported the same, at any Time

after the Expiration of Four Calendar Months next after the Entry n made thereof, on which any Duty (hill have been computed and paid, whether the same shall be an Entry either Inwards or Outwards, or a prime or port Entry, or an Entry of Goods in Warehouse 5 but that all Surcharges of Duty in respect of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so imported or exported shall be made within Four Ca-49° GEO. III. G g lendar

Permits shall not be granted on Bills of View.

Where any Penalty under 43 G. 3. c. 56. is sued for in Ireland, Notice of the Action shall be given to Commissioners of Castoms, and Half the Penalty recovered shall be paid to the Collector of the Customs,

Goods to be sold at Rummage Sales, shall be open for Inspec-tteu Three Oays.

C.n<5. +9# GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

lendar Months next after such Entry, Computation, and Payment# is aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported into Ireland, shall be landed and taken up by Warrant ad Vtfum, at Sight, Or upon B'il of View, no Permit shall be granted for the Removal of lush Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from the Custom house or Place where they were so landed, until such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been viewed and duly entered, cleared, and Datv thereon fully paid, according to Law, any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXI. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty-third Year f of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating ( the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majestyfr Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign Parts,

with respeQ to the Number of such Passengers, it is amongst other Things en?sted, That certain Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the said Act may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered in His Majesty's Courts rf Record at Dublin, in the Name of His Majesty, 8 Attorney General for Ireland or in the Name of any Person or Persons whatsoever; and that One Moiety of every Penalty to be recovered by virtue of the said Act, after deducting the Charges of Prosecution from the Whole, shall go and be applied to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; 9 Be it enacted, That whenever any Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recited Act shall be prosecuted or sued for in Ireland\ the Solicitor or Attorney for the Person by or on whose Behalf any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Inform-; ation shall be commenced, shall, within Three Days after the Commencemenl of any such Action or Proceeding, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Solicitor of the Commissioners of Customs and; Port Duties in Ireland, a Notice of the Commencement of such Action or Proceeding, and shall also, within Three Days after the Declaration or Information in any such Action or Proceeding (halt be delivered to the Defendant, deliver or cause to be delivered a Copy of such Declaration or Information to the said Solicitor of the Lid Commissioners; and whenever the Penalty or Forfeiture for the Recovery whereof such Action or other Proceeding shall be commenced shall be duly recovered and levied, One Moiety thereof, after deducting as aforesaid, shall be paid over by or on behalf of the Plaintiffin such Action to the Collector of Customs for the Port of Dublin* for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and In case any Solicitor or Attorney shall neglect to give such Notice, or to deliver a Copy of such Declaration or-Information in Manner herein-; before required, such Solicitor or Attorney shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and in case the Moiety of the Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered shall not be paid to such Collector in Manner aforesaid, such Moiety shall be a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from the Person by whom such Penalty was recovered and received, and shall be recoverable from such Person accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Sale, com-v monly called a Rummage Sale, or any other Sale of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be made under the Orders of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or under the Order of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxcfe at His Majesty's

A.D. 1809. 49 GEO. III. C. 116.

45*

Stores or elsewhere, whether such Sale fluB be made by Inch of Candle or otherwise, all the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, intended to be sold at such Sale, shall be publickly expo fed to View, aid open for the Inspection of all Persons for Three whole Days next before the Day on which such Sale shall take place, during such Hours as the Custom-house is open on such D^ys; and that Catalogues of all the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so intended for Sale, wi t proper Numbers and References to such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be prepared by the Order and under the Direction of the said Commissioners respectively, and shall be bung up in some conspicnoo8 Part of the Store Warehouse or Place in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be deposited for Inspection as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Wine shall have been duly removed by Permit according to Law, into the Stock or Possession of any Person in Ireland not concerned in the Wine Trade, for the private Use and Consumption of such Person, and not for Sale, no such Person shall be required or compelied, or compeliable, to lodge such Permit with any Officer of Excise, nor to obtain any Certificate thereof from such Officer, nor to renew any Certificate in Manner required by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and Jo prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods; and that no Wine in the Stock or Possession of any such Person in Ireland for the private Use and Consumption of such Person, and not for Sale# shall be liable to Forfeiture or Seizure, nor shall be forfeited oy seized for or on account of the not producing the Permit under which the same was conveyed into the Stock of such Person or Persons, oy for or on account of the not producing any Certificate of such Permit, any Thing in the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year aforesaid, oy in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And for the more speedy and satisfactory Dispatch of Business to all Persons concerned, ' Be it further enacted, That nq Holidays whatever shall be kept by any Officers of His Majesty's Excise in Ireland, for or in respect of any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done by any such Officer in respect of his Duty as such Officer, or of any Law for the Regulation or Collection of His Majesty's Revenue of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or for carrying the same into Executi <n, except Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday, and any Days which shall be appointed by Proclamation for a General Fad or Thanksgiving, and also the Anniversaries of the Rtiloration of His Majesty King Charles the Second, and of the Coronation of His Majesty, and of the Birth Days of Their Majesties and of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales \ but that all Business relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise and Inland Duties shall be carried on every Day throughout the Year, except on the Days before excepted, any Law, Usage or Custona, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Excise Office for the receiving of Requed-Notes for Permits, or issuing'of Permits* shall be

G g 2 kept

Certificates of Permits for Wict into private Stock shall not be required under 40Q#3* (I.)c, 6S»

No Holidays at Excise Office except Sundays, Christmas Day, Ice,

Permit Qflfee shall be opeiratt D.j.

45*

ftoSug&r shall be warehoused under 48 G. 3. C. 32. «xcept British Plantation and East India Sugar as imported.

Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may reler the Case of any Patentee or other Officer claiming Compensation for Fees under 48 G. c. 56. t»the Commis-honers of Inquiry appointed under 44 G. 3. c. 106. and on their Heport direct Compensation to te paid to such Office/, &c.

C. u 6. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

kept open from Sunrise to Sunset on every Day of the Year, except the Days before excepted.

XXVI. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland, to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid; it is enacted,

That it shall be lawful for the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize enumerated in the 1 Schedule marked (A.) annexed to the said Act, to lodge and secure the same in Warehouses without Payment at the Time of the 6rft Entry of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Duties due

on the Importation thereof, subject to the Rules, Regulations,

and Restrictions in the said Act contained: And Whereas Sugar is

one of the Articles enumerated in the said Schedule marked (A.), Be it declared and enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act shall extend, or be condrued to extend, or was meant or intended to extend, to any Sugar, other than White or Clayed, or Brown or Muscovado Sugar, of the Growth or Produce of the British Plantations in the IVejfl Indies, or of the Growth or Produce of the East Indies; and that it shall not be lawful to warehouse any Sugar, other than such British Plantation Sugar, or East India Sugar as aforesaid, under the Provisions of the said recited Act; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ail Penalties under this Act shall be payable in British Currency; 4i recoverable under Customs and Excise Acts, 14 & 15 Car. 2. r. 8.; 4t 46 G. 3. c. 106, &c. §27.

---

XXVIII. And Whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for abolishing Fees received by Officers in the Service of the Customs in the several Ports of Ireland, and for regulating the Hours of Attendance and the Number of Holidays to be observed by the said Officers and certain Officers of Excise, certain Provisions were made for the abolishing of Fees received by all Officers of the Customs, and for the making Compensation for the Loss of such Fees; which said last recited Act extends to all Persons, whether appointed by Patent or otherwise acting by themselves or others in any Office or Employment relating to His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties in Ireland;

---

and it is expedient to make further Regulations for carrying the said last recited Act into Execution Be it therefore enacted, That at any Time after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to refer to the Comirrfli >ners of Inquiry for the Time being (apoioted or to be appointed under an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Fee3, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received in several Publick Offices in Ireland), the Case of any Patentee or other Officer, Clerk, or other Person who shall have held or shall hold any Office, whether by Patent or otherwise, any way relating to His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or who shall have been or shall be employed in the Service of the said Customs at any Port in Ireland, wjio may'have fudained or may fufUin any Lois by the abolishing of Fees, under or in consequence

A.D. 1809. 49° Geo. III. C. 116.

of the Provisions of the said recited Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and who shall claim or in the Judgment of the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, or of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, shall be entitled to claim or recover any Compensation for such Loss under or by virtue of the said last recited Act, and upon such Reference it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inquiry for the Time being to proceed, and such Commissioners of Inquiry are hereby authorised, empowered, and required to proceed as soon as may be after such Reference, to inquire into and to investigate the Amount of Fees received by or on behalf of any such Patentee, or other Officer, Clerk, or other Person, or his Predecessor, during such Period of Time as shall be described in such Reference, and to examine on Oath such Patentee, or other Officer, Clerk, or other Person, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, if any, and also any other Person or Persons whatever respecting the Amount of such Fees, and respecting the Duty required to be performed by such Patentee, or other Officer, Clerk, or other Person, and respecting any other Matters Things whatever, which shall be referred to such Commissioners of Inquiry by such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors relating to or concerning such Patentee, or other Officer* Clerk, or other Person, and the Office held by h|m, and the Compensation which he shall claim; and the said Commissioners of Inquiry shall from Time to Time without Delay report to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, the Particulars of such Inveiligation, and the Opinion of the said Coa}ipiffioner8 of Inquiry on every such Case so referred to them in respect to the Matters and Things referred to be inquired into and investigated, together with such Observations as shall occur to them the said CommifiLners with respect to the Claim of such Patentee, or other Officer, Clerk, or other Person, or to the Office held by such Patentee, or' other Officer, Clerk, or other Person respectively; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to make any Order respecting such Patentee, or other Officer, C^rk, or other Person, and respecting the Office or Employment held by him, and the Compensation to be paid to him, as upon the Report of the said Commissioners of Inquiry shall by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors be thought requisiteand necessary; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, to pay or jeause. to be paid to every such Patentee or other Officer, Cl*rk, or other Person, by way of Compensation for his Loss of Fees, Per-qdisites, and Gratuities, under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, any such Sum of Money, and to any such Amount annually, not exceeding the Amount which shall be reported by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, as the Lord Lieutenant or othejr Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall direct, under his or their Sign Manual, countersigned by Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland; any Thing in the said last recited Act or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding; and every such annual Payment by way of Compensation, shall commence from the I)ay whereon the Person for whom the same shall be directe^, shall have ceased to take any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward;

Gg3

454

From Aug.

1809, the Excise Duty on Coffee, the Produce of African Colonies, imported into Great Britain, shall be only 3d. per lb. '

C. 11& — 118. 4p° GEO. m«

and shall continue during the Continuance of the Patent of any Patentee Officer, and during the Time which any Officer or Person not being a Patentee shall continue to hold the Office or Employment in respect of which such Payment by way of Compensation shall be directed as aforesaid.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for lowering the Duty of Excise on Coffee, of the Growth of His Majesty's Dominions in Africa.

[19th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Duty of Excise by Law imposed on Coffee imported into Great Britain* so far*as the same relates to Coffee of the Growth or Produce of His Majesty's Dominions in Africa; imported directly from thence into Great Britain, and to impose another Duty in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by the King's p»oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Duty of Excise imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, on Coffee imported into Great Britain, so far as the same relates to Coffee of the Growth or Produce of His Majesty V Dominions in Africa, and imported directly from thence into Grca % Britain, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable* save and except in all Cases relating to the Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which shall at any Time remain unpaid; and that from and after the said First Day of August, there (nail, in lieu and instead of the Duties upon Coffee hereby repealed, be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the following Rate and Duty, that is to say, For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee of the Growth or Produce of His Majesty's Dominions in Africa, and which shall be imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty of Three-pence.

Duty shall be levied as former Duties on Coffee, $cc. and tarried to i?r/7//£ Consolidated Fund. §2, 3.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for better securing the Independence and Purity of Parliament, by preventing the procuring or obtaining of Seats in Parliament by corrupt Practices.

[19th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provision for preventing corrupt Practices in the procuring of Elections and Returns of Members to fit in the House of Commons: And Whereas the giving, or procuring to be given, or promising to give or to procure to be given any Sum of Money, Gift, or Reward, or any Office, Place, Employment, or Gratuity, in order to procure the Return of any Member to serve in Parliament, if not given too? 4 for the Use of some Person having a Right or claiming to have a

A.D. 1809. 45° GEO. III.

C« i iS» 45

Right to act as Returning Officer, or to vote at such Election, is not

Bribery within the Meaning of an Act passed in the Second Year of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual 2G. c. 24.

1 preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to fervt

i in Parliament, but such Gifts or Promises are contrary to the ancient Usage, Right, and Freedom of Elections, and contrary to the Laws and Constitution of this Realm; Be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this

Alt, either by himself, herself, or themelyes, or by any other Person Persons giving or Persons for or on his, her, or their Behalf, give or cause to be or receiving given, direlklv or indirectly, or promise or agree to give any Sum w°iieyt fcc. an of Money, Gift, or Reward, to any Person or Persons, upon any ^yEns*e^ent' Engagement, Contrail, or Agreement, that such Person or Persons end^wnto

S> whom, to whose Use, or on whose Behalf such Gift or Promise procure the all be made, shall, by himself, herself, or themselves, or by any Election or* other Person or Persons whatsoever at his, her, or their Solicitation, Return of a Request or Command, procure or endeavour to procure the Return vjz

of any Person to fervt in Parliament for any County, Stewartry, City, on

Town, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, every Person so having giving, If not

?riven or promised to give, if not returned himself to Parliament for returned as a, uch County, Stewartry, City, Town, Borough, Cinque Port, or Member, 1000l.; Place, shall for every such Gift or Promise forfeit the Sum of One °"v. e^rty-thousand Pounds, to be recovered in such Manner as is herein after fp provided, with respect to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every Member, For-such Person so returned and so having given or so having promised fehure of his to give, or knowing of and consenting to such Gifts 01 Promises, Sea*? <»the upon any such Engagement, Contrail, or Agreeement, shall be and is hereby declared and enacted to be disabled and incapacitated to serve received,

in that Parliament for such County, Stewartry, City, Town, Borough, tlld 50ol, Cinque Port, or Place, and that such Person shall be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared and enacted to be deemed and taken to be no Member of Parliament, and enacted to be, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if he had never been returned or elected a Member in Parliament; and any Person or Persons who ihill receive or accept of by himself, herself, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons in trust for or to the Use or on the Behalf of him, her, or them, any such Sum of Money, Gift, or Reward, or any such Promise upon any such Engagement, C >ntrad, or Agreftoent, shall forfeit to His Majesty the Value and Amount of such Sum of Money, Gift, or Reward, over and above the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, which said Sum of Five hundred Pounds he, she, or they shall forfeit to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with such Costs of Suit by Alt on of Debt, BiD, Plaint, or Informa* tioD, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, if the Offence bl committed in that Parr of the United Kingdom oalkd England and Wales>, and in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, if the Offence be committed in Ireland, wherein respectively no Essoign or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and if the Offence be committed in Scotland, then to be recovered with full CofU of Suit by summary A$ion or Complaint '

Gg

before

45s

Exception as to legal Expences.

Penalties on Persons giving or promising to give, or receiving any Office, Sec. on expra£s*Contra^ to.procure a Seal in Parliament, viz. on the Member returned, Lois of Scat; on Receiver of the Office, Forfeiture, Incapacity, and 5001.; and on Oiver of the Office, 10001,

limitation of Actions.

T?ro Tears.

C. 118. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

before the Court of Session, or by Prosecution before the Court of Judiciary there.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Money paid or agreed to be paid to or by any Person for any legal Expence bona fide incurred at or concerning any E'tftion.

III. And be it further enacted, ' That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, by himself, herself, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons for or on his, her, or " their Behalf, give or procure to he given, or promise to give or procure to be given, any Office, Place, or Employment, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, upon any express Contract or Agreement that such Person or Persons to whom or to whose Use or on whose Behalf such Gift or Promise shall be made, shall by himself, herself, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons at his, her, or their Solicitation, Requell, or Command, procure or endeavour to procure the Return of any Person to serve in Parliament for any County, Stewartry, City, Town, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place* such Person so returned, and so having given or procured to be giver, or so having promised to give or procure to be given, or knowing of and consenting to such Gift or Promise upon any such exprefa Contra<51 or Agreement, shall be and is hereby declared and enacted to be disabled and incapacitated to serve ir. that Parliament for such County, Stewartry, City, Town, Borough, Cirque Port, or Place, and that such Person shall be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared and enrdted to be deemed and taken to be no Member of Parliament, and enabled to be to all Intents, Constructions, and Pur*

?oses a§ if he had never been returned or elected a Member in Parliament; and any Person who shall receive or accept cf, by himself, herself, or themselves, or by ary other Person or Persons in trust for or to the" Use or on the Behalf of such Persons, any such Office, Place, or Employment, upon such express Contract or Agreement, shall forfeit such Office, Place, or Employment, and be incapacitated for holding the same, and shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, which said Sum of five hundred Pounds shall be recovered as is herein before enabled; and any Person holding any Office under His Maj. tty, who shall give such Office, Appointment, or Placed upon any such express Contr£& or Agreement, that the Person to whom or for whose Ule such Office, Appointment, or Place shall have been given, shall so procure or endeavour to procure the Return of an^ Person to serve in Parliament, shall forfeit the Sum of One thousand Pound?, to be recovered in such Manner as is herein-before provided.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be made liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty by this Act created or imposed, imless some Prosecution, Action, or Suit, for the Offence committed, shall be actually and legally commenced against such Person within the Space of Two Years next after such Offence against this Act shall be committed, and unless such Person shall bea6tually and legally arrested, summoned, or otherwise served with any original or other Writ or Process within the same Space of Time, so as such Arrett, Summons, or Service of any original or other Writ or Process shall not be prevented by such Person absconding or withdrawing out of S - the

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 118 — 120: 457

the Jurisdiction of the Court out of which such original or other Writ or Process shall have issued; and in case of any such Prosecution, Suit, or Process as aforesaid, the same shall be proceeded ia and carried on without any wilful Delay; and that all Statutes of Jeofails and Amendments of the Law whatever shall and may be con ft rued to extend to ail Proceedings in any such Prosecution,

Action, or Suit,

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to give to the Persons named by His Majesty, pursuant to an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act concerning the Administration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords, further Time for making their Report or Reports.

[19th June 1809.]

" Commissioners appointed under 48 G. 3. r. 151. §22. to inquire into the Forms of Process in the Court of Session, &c. shall not be required to report the Whole of their Proceedings before 41 May 12, 1810. — But the Proceeding* on any of the Objects of* Inquiry may \>e reported in the mean Time. Reportn the M extracting Peer^ets stall be made on or before January 1, 18 jo.

CAP. CXX.

An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland.

[19th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws now in force for raising and training the Militia of Ireland should be repealed,

and that new Provitim* should be made for the same; Be it A<$brelating the refore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with to the IrHh the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Militia, viz. Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, the several Acts herein after mentioned shall be repealed; that is to say, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending and 33 G. 3.C. 22. reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to explaiu and 35 G. 3. c. 8. amend the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year aforesaid; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth 36G. 3. c. 33. Year of His present Majesty's Reign, further to explain and amend the said recited Act of the Thirty*third and Thirty-fifth Years afqre-said; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An 37 G. 3. c. 19. A3 to explain and amend tht Laws now in force relating to the Militia of this Kingdom; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, 38 G. 3. c. 62. An Act to further explain and amend the Laws now in force relating to tie Militia of this Kingdom; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 40G. 3. c. 1. iutituUd, An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Serif ices of Volunteers

a

40 G. -3. c. 92. And also

41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 6.

42 G. 3. C. 109.

Recited Acts repealed, except as to Penalties, Sec. awl except as to Officers, &. c. appointed under farmer A£U.

Number of

Regiments and Battalions of Militia for each County, &c. in Ireland.

C. 120.' 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

teers from the Militia Under certain Reflri8ions % and fir amending the Lana relative to the Militia of Ireland, so far as the said Act is in force iirmr*diately before the passing of this Act; and also another Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the said Fortieth Year, for amending the said firli recited Act of the Thirty-third Year aforesaid; and 3 so an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for increasng the Number of Field Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland; and also an Act made in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for authorizing and rendering valid the Discharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland, and for giving Indemnity to the several Counties and Places in Ireland, which may incur any Expence in conference of the Discharge of certain Militia Meny except only so much of the said last mentioned Act as relates to Militia Men discharged before the passing of this present Act; and the said several Acts are hereby repealed, except as aforesaid and also except so far as the said recited Acts or any of them repeal any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause, Matter, or Thing the rein; and also save and except as to any Proceeding for the Punishment of any Person or Persons for or in respect of any Offence or Offences which shall before the Commencement of this Act have been committed against any of the said Acts; and save lb far as may be otherwise provided by this Act; and also save and except that all and every Commissions, Deputations, Appointments, and Enrolments of any Officer, Non commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private, or of any Governor, Deputy Governor, or inferior Civil Officer, which shall have been made under the said Acts or any of them, before the Commencement of this Act, shall Hand and remain in full Force and Effect; and all and every Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, and Private, Governor, Deputy Governor, or other Civil Officer, duly appointed or enrolled under the said Acts, or any of them, shall Hand, remain, and continue in the same Plight, Capacity, and Situation resptdiively, and shall continue serving in the said Militia, in all Respects as if this Act had not passed; and that all Matters and Things whatsoever which shall have been done under and by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them before the Commencement of this Act, shall be of the same Force, Validity, and Effect, in all Respedis, as if this Act had not passed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Regiments or Battalions of Militia in Ireland shall respectively be as follows; that is to say, there shall be for the County of Cork Tw Regiments, each of Eight Companies; for each of the Counties of the Cities of Cork and Dublin, O.te Regiment of Eight Companies; for each of the Counties of Tyrone, Galway, Londonderry, Tipperary, Donegal and Wexford, One Regiment of Ten Companies; for each of the Count ties of Antrim, Meath, Waterford\ County and County of City; Kerry > Monaghan, Armagh, King's County, Limerick, Kilkenny* County and County of City, and Rofcomntoti. One Regiment of Eight Companies; for the County of Mayo^lwo Battalions, each of Seven Cnnpanie-; for each of the Counties of Clare, Queen's County, Wicklow, Westmeath, Leitrim, Cavan9 Sligo, Fermanagh* Dublin, Longford, Kildare, and Carlow, One Battalion of Six Com* pan es; for the County of the City of Limerick, One Battalion of

459

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. Ciw.

Six Companies; for die County of Louth (including the County of the Town of Drogheda) One Regiment of Nine Companies; and for the County of Down Two Battalions of Six Companies,

III. Provided always, and be it ceacted, That it shall and may Lord Ueute-be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gover- nant and Council nors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice of His nwyangnwo1 Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, from Time to Time, taking into Consideration the Number of Men £t and liable to serve in the said

Militia in any County or County of a City which by this Act is required to raise any Regiment or Battalion confiding of left than Ten Companies, and also taking into Confederation the Proposition which such Number of Men shall bear to the Numbers of such Men io other Counties or Counties of Cities, to order that any Regiment or Battalion confiding of less than Ten Companies, shall be augmented -by increasing the Number of Companies therein respectively; so always that no Battalion confiding of Six Companies, nor any Regiment con* fitting of Eight Companies, shall be augmented by more than Two Companies; and that no Battalion of Seven Companies, nor any Regiment of Nine Companies, shall be augmented by more than One Compaoy; and that every such Company so to be added shall contain and coofid of the same Number of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Privates respectively, as the other Battalion Companies of the same Regiment or Battalion shall from Time to Time confid of; and that the Men of such Companies shall be raised in like Manner as the M^u of the other Companies of such Regiment or Battalion.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Appointment to and for the Lord Lieutenant or€other Chief Governor or Gover- of Cokmeb fiors of Ireland\ from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to by Lord appoint a Colonel for every such Regiment or Battalion of Militia in

freland; Provided always, that no Person shall be Colooel of Two^tteS*men*Regiments or Battalions of Militia, or of a Regiment and Battalion: 1)^ gefig-Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Colonel of any Regiment nation, &o> or Battalion of the said Militia, to tender his Resignation of hia Commission of Colonel of any such Regiment or Battalion to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and it shall be lawful for such Lord Lieu* tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to accept any such Resignation, and also to appoint such fit and qualified Person or Persons as he or they shall from Time to Time think proper, to be Colonel or Colonels in the Stead and Place of any Colonel or Colonels so resigning as aforesaid, and in the Scead and Place of any Colonel or Colonels who may happen to die or be removed, as the Case may be.

V. And be it further enacted, That the other Officers of the Other Officers several Regiments and Battalions of Militia aforesaid, according to of Regiments the ordinary Establishments hereafter mentioned, shall be as follows an<i Companies, respectively; that is to say, One Lieutenant Colonel and One

Major to each Regiment or Battalior, and One Captain, Oae Lieutenant, and One Ensign to each Battalion Company: Provided also, and it shall be lawful for every Battalion to have One Company of Grenadiers and Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which, instead of One Lieutenant Light Infantry, and One Ensign, Two Lieutenants shall be appointed; and it shall be llwful for every Regiment to have One Company of Grenadiers*

7 and

'460

Ordinary BftaWishment of each CcBApADJ*

Staff

Appointments.

Additional Drummers and lifers.

Establishment of Regiments augmented under

G. 3. C. 33.

C. 120* 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

and also One Company of Light Infantry, to each of which Companies, instead of One Lieutenant and One Ensign, Two Lieutenants shall be appointed.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That the ordinary Establishment of each Company in the said Militia shall be Sixty-five Privates, Four Serjeants, Five Corporals, and Two Drummers; and that in each Regiment or Battalion there shall be Two Staff Serjeants, that is to say, a Serjeant Major, and a Quarter Matter Serjeant; and also a Drum Major, and Two Fifers, over and above the said Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Privates directed for each Company; and that to each Regiment or Battalion there shall be One Adjutant, One Paymaster, One Quarter Matter, One Surgeon, and One Assistant Surgeon; and to each and every Regiment whole Establishment shall be One thousand Rank and File, or more, there shall be Two Assistant Surgeons.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia shall be desirous of keeping up a greater Number of Drummers than Two per Compjny, to be employed as Fifers or Musicians for the Use of the said Regiment or Battalion, and shall be willing to defray the Expence of such additional Drummers, it shall and may be lawful for such Colonel to retain in such Regiment or Battalion any Number of the Drummers who shall be employed as Fifers or Musicians therein, over and above the Number of Two Drummers per Company established by this Act, and at any Time hereafter to engage any additional Number of Drummers to act as Fifers or Musicians accordingly; and all such Drummers so retained, or in future engaged to serve in any such Cases as Fifers or Musicians, shall be deemed Drummers of Militia to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be fuhjcd to the same Orders, Regulations, Penalties, and Punishments, as other Drummers of Militia shall by Law from Time to Time be subject to, and, shall continue to serve as Drummers so long as they shall receive the same Pay and Clothing as other Drummers have, or better Pay and Clothing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

VIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for empowering His Majesty to direct the Augmentation of His Militia Foroes, in Ireland la

an Extent therein limited, Power was given to the Lord Lieutenant

of Ireland for the Time being, to issue his Orders to any Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland, to enrol and receive into the same such Volunteers as should offer to serve therein, provided that the whole Number should not exceed One hundred

Rank and File per Company, with the usual Proposition of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers: And whereas in pursuance of the said Act, Orders have been so issued for the Augmentation of the following Regiments or Battalions to the full Numbers allowed by the said Act; that is to say, the Antrim, Armagh, Carhwt Cavan, Cork, South Down, North Down, Dublin County, Dublin City, Galway, Kerry, Kilkenny, King's County, Leitrim, Limerick County, Limerick City, Londonderry, Louth, Mayo North, Maya South, Meath, Monaghan, Queen's County, Ro/common, Sligo, Tipterary, Tyrone, Westmeath, Wexford, and Wickloiu, which Argumentation, by the Terms of the said Act, was to continue only

AJ5. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 120. 4$$

during the present War: Be it therefore enacted, That during the Continuance of the present War, the Etoblishment of the said Regiments shall be Five Serjeants and One hundred Rank and File, including Five Corporals per Company; and that the Number of Officers shall, during such Augmentation and no longer, be as follow?, that is to say; Two Lieutenant-Colonels, ' and Two Majors to each Regiment, and One Lieutenant Colonel and Two Majors to each Battalion so augmented; and to every Company so augmented, whether in a Regiment or Battalion, One Captain, Two Lieutenants, and One Ensign; and every Grenadier and Light Infantry Company, confiding of the like Number of One hundred Men each,

shall have One Captain and Three Lieutenants.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Lord Lieutenant to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors may augment of Ireland for the Time being, to issue his Orders in like Manner Regiments not for a similar Augmentation of any of the other Regiments or Bat-

taiion8 of the Militia of Ireland % which have not been so augmented, 44 g. a!c. aa* and that from thenceforth during the present War the Establishment of such Regiment or Battalion shall be such Number of Men per Company, not exceeding One Hundred Rank and File, as shall be specified in the Warrant directing such Augmentation, with the Proposition of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers aforesaid; and all the Clauses, Matters and Things in the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year of H; s present Majesty contained relative to such Augmentation, and to the advjncing and raising the Sums nectssary for effecting the same, shall dand and remain in full Force and Effect; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Colonels shall

Colonel of the said M'litia, when appointed, from Time to Time to appoint Officers, appoint the Number aforesaid respectively of Lieutenant-Colonels, to die

Majors, Adjutants, Paymasters, Surgeons, Quarter Maders and

Amdant Surgeons, and all other Officers for his Regiment or Bat- ^nant within*

talion, qualified as herein after directed; and every Colonel so ap- Fourtcea Days,

pointing any such Officer shall certify to the Lord Lieutenant or

other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being,

the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so appointed; and in case

the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland

for the Time being, shall, within Fourteen Days after such Certificate

shall have been laid before him or them, signify his or their Dif-

approbation of any of the Persons so appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said Colonels or any of them, to grant a Commission to any Person so disapproved, but Commissions shall be granted to all such Persons so appointed, who shall not be so disapproved as aforesaid;

and all Officers of the said Militia shall rank with the Officers of His Majesty's Forces as youngest of their Rank.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Officer officer, Com

in the Militia shall be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration, in^s Resignation, or other Discontinuance of the Commission.of the continue though superior Officer by whom he was appointed. Colonel*,

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Commanding Officer revoked, &c. for the Time being of each Regiment or Battalion of the Militia Military Officer* in Ireland, shall have the chief Command of such Regiment or fhffi have chief

Battalion, C-dof

462

Governors, Sic.

His Majesty nay signify His Pleasure to the Colonel !br displacing Officers.

lit the Absence of Colonel, his Powers shall veil In the next in Command.

Qualification of

Officers;

Colonel.

Lieut. CoJ.

Major.

tkpuin.

C. i2o. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Battalion, notwithstanding any Order, Direction, Matter, or Thing contained in any Commission or Appointment of a Governor or Governors of any County in Ireland.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time as he or they shaft think fit to signify his or their Pleasure to the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any such Regiment or Battalion of Militia, to displace all or any Officers or Officer of Militia serving wider him in Inch Regiment or Battalion; and upon such Signification of his or their Pleasure, the same shall be displaced accordingly; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Colonel of any such Regiment or Battalion to accept the Resignation of any Officer of his Regiment or Battalion, and under all Cases of Vacancy by Resignation, JDeath, Removal, or other wise, it shall and may be lawful for such Colonel to appoint such other fit and qualified Persons as he shall think proper to fill up such Vacancy, in like Manner and under like Re* ft rift ion s as he is by this Act empowered originally to appoint any Officer or Officers. '

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall be absent from the United Kingdom, all Powers which shall from Time to Time be given by Law to such Colonel, whether in filling Vacancies in such Regiment or Battalion, or in any other Way whatsoever, shall be vested in and lawfully may be exercised by the next Officer in Command in such Regiment or Battalion who shall be redding within the United Kingdom, until such Colonel shall be returned to the United Kingdom, and shall have notified his Arrival to the Officer entitled to exercise the said Powers during his Absence; and all Act*, Matters, and Things done by such Officer next in Command as aforesaid, in exercising the Powers legally vested in Colonels, shall be good and valid in the Law equally as if they had been done by the Colonel himself.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Person to be appointed a Colonel of the said Militia, shall be seised of a Real or Freehold Estate of the Yearly Value of Two Thousand Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be seised of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Three Thousand Pounds; and every Person to be appointed a Lieutenant Colonel, shall be seised of a Real or Freehold Estate, or shall be possessed of a Term of Years whereof Fourteen Years shall be unexpired, of the Yearly Value of One thousand Two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or poffifTed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of One thousand eight hundred Pounds; and every Person to be appointed a Major, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the Yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Six hundred Pounds; and every Person to be appointed a Captain, shall in like Manner be seised or possessVd of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds, or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall' in like Marihcf bfe' seised oV

pofEffed,

49° GEO. III

Ci20^ 4$J

possessied, or who shall have been at th* Time of his Death in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly*

Value of Four hundred Pounds; and every Person to be appointed a Lieutenant, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a hke Estate lieutani*. as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or shall be pof-fcfltd of a Perform! Estate alone, to the Amount of Five hundred Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or who shall have been at the Time of his or her Death, in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or who shall be, or who shall have been at the Time of hit or her Death, possessed of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of One thousand Pounds 5 and that every Person who shall be appointed an Ensign, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of Ea % IU a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate, or seised or possessed of a Real or Freehold Estate and Personal Estate together, to the Amount of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or who shall have been at his or her Death, in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or who shall be, or who at the Time of his or her Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of Three hundred Pounds, save and except in the Cases herein after CoUmeT* particularly mentioned: Provided always, that One Moiety at the Lieutenant-least of the Qualifi: ation of the Colonel and Lieutenant-Gdonei, shall Colonel's be situated within the County to the Militia of which he shall be ap- Qualification pointed Colonel or Lieutenant-Colonel. in the Couat3r-

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Colonel or Commanding Qualification Officer of the Militia of the said Cities of Dublin, Cork, and Lime- of Officers in rick respectively, shall be seised or possessed, either in Law or Equity, Dublin, (Jo* for his own Use and Benefit, in Possession of a Real or Freehold Estate, Q^!ueri^t or of a Term of Years whereof Fourteen Years shall he unexoired, of Colonel, the Yearly Value of Oae thousand Pounds, or shall he possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together of the Value of Ten thousand Pounds; and every Lieutenant-Colonel of the Militia of the said Cities shall in like Lieut. Col. Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate of the Yearly Value of Six hundred Pounds, or shall be poftdf d of a Personal Estate alone, or seised and pofl fled of a Real or Freehold and Personal Estate together, of the Value of Five thousand Pounds; and every Major thereof shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate of the Yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate, or seised and possessed of a Real or Freehold and Personal Estate together, of the Value of Three Thousand Pounds; and every Captain thereof shall in Ike Manner Captain, be seised or possessed of a like Estate of the Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Real or Freehold and Personal Estate together, of the Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds; apd every Lieutenant thereof shall in like Manner be seised Lieutenant, or possessed of the like Estate of the Yearly Value of Twenty-five Pounds, lor shall be possessed of a Personal Estate, or seised or possessed of a Real or Freehold and Personal Estate together, of the Value of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds; and every Ensign thereof Ensign.

shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate of the Yearly Value of Ten pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal JvUte,

or

Officers shall deliver their Qualifications to Clerk of the Peace*

Clerk of the Peace shall register Qualifications, insert Commissiona in the

Gazette, &c.

Officers shall take the Oaths.

Penalty on unqualified Persons, Colonels, See.

Captains, See.

C.I20. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

or seised and possessed of a Real of Freehold and Personal Estate together, of the Value of Four hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall here* after be appointed to any Commission in the Militia, who shall require a Qualification in respect of Property by virtue of this Act, until he shall have delivered into the Clerk of the Peace of the County or City for which he shall be appointed, or in the Absence of the Clerk of the Peace to his Deputy, a specific Description in Writing, signed by himself, of hi* Qualification, stating the County or Coun* ties, Barony or Baronies, Parish or Parishes in which the Estate or Estates which form his Qualification is or are situate, with the Denominations of the Lancfc; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall transmit to the CuAos Rotulorum, or Senior Governor of the County, or Chief Magistrate of the City, a Copy of such Description; and no Commission to be granted by virtue of this Act shall be valid, unless it be declared in the Commission that the Officer to whom the Commission is given hath delivered in his Qualification as directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County or City shall and he is hereby required from Time to Time, to enter the Qualifications transmitted to him according to the Directions of this Act, upon a Roll to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and to cause to be inserted in the Dublin Gavotte the Dates of the Commissions, and the Names and Rank of the Officers hereafter to be appointed, in like Manner as Commissions in the Army are published in the War Office; and he is hereby authorised to charge the Expence of receiving and recording such Certificates respectively, and of such Insertion in the Gazette, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings for each Commission, to the Collector of His Majesty's Revenue of the County or District, who is hereby directed to pay the lame; and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall, in the Month of January in every Year, transmit to the Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, a complete Account of the Qualifications so left with him; and such Secretary receiving such Account?, shall cause Copies thereof to be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament; and every Comm'.fiioned Officer shall, at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or in One of His Majesty's Courrs of Record at Dublin, within Three Months from and after the Date of their Commissions respectively, take such Oath or Oaths, and make and sign such Declaration or Declarations, as is, are, or shall be required to be taken, made, and signed by the Officers of His Majt fly's other Forces.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Colonels, Lieutenant-Colonels, or Majors, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific Description of his Qualifications as is herein-before required, save in the Cases herein after particularly mentioned, or shall omit to take the said Oaths and make the said Declaration within the Time hereby directed for those Purposes, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds $ and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Captains, Lieutenants, or Ensigns, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such

specific

465

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 120.

specific Description of his Qualification as is herein-before required, or (bail omit to take the said Oaths, and declare as before directed, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, One Moiety of which Penalties shall go to the Use of the Person who shall (tie for the same; and in every Action, Suit, or Information brought again (I any Person for acting as Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign, not being qualified as herein-before directed, the Proof of his Qualification shall be upon the Person against whom the same shall be brought.

XX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, shall restrain or prevent any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of any such Peer, from being appointed or acting as a Commissioned Officer in the Militia, within any County or City wherein such Peer, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, shall have some Place of Residence, although he may not have the Qualification herein-before required, nor to oblige any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, who shall be appointed a Commissioned Officer as aforesaid, to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County or City for which he shall be appointed any Qualification in Writing as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant to be, appointed as aforesaid, shall be a Person who shall have actually served in some of His Majesty, a Regular Forces for the Space of Three Years, or in the embodied Militia, for Five Years, or for such Time in the embodied Militia, as together with his Service in the Regular Forces shall in the whole make Five Years; and if such Adjutant shall be appointed out of His Majesty's other Foroes, he shall during his Service in the Militia preserve his Rank in the Army in the same Manner as if he had continued in that Service; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia to appoint the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion to the Rank of Captain by Brevet, provided such Adjutant has served Five Yeats as Adjutant in the Militia, or in His Majesty's other Foroes, although such Adjutant may rot have the Qualifications required by Law for the Captains j Provided always, that no such Appointment to the Rank of Captain shall be valid, unless in the Instrument granting the same it be specified in what Regiment or Battalion, and whether of the Militia or of His Majesty's other Foroes, such Adjutant hath served, and what wa3 or were the Date or Dates of his Commission or Commissions: Provided also, that no Adjutants so appointed to the Rank of Captain shall, by the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid or otherwise, be entitled to rank above or to command any Captain of a Company in the Militia.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Surgeon, or Ailittant Surgeon, shall be capable of serving in the Militia, untfcfs he shall have been certified by the Royal College of Surgeons in Dublin, London, or Edinburgh, after due Examination, to be properly qualified in like Manner as Surgeons in the Army are required to be certified; and that no Person who is or shall be Surgeon of a County Hospital or Infirmary established by Act of Parliament, shall be capable of serving in the Militia, while he continues Surgeon of such Hospital or Infirmary.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who at any Time after the Commencement of thi6 Ad shall be appointed Adjutant, Pay matter. Surgeon, Quarter Matter, or Assistant Surgeon

49 Geo. III. H h in

Exceptions as to Peers and their Sons.

Appointment <4 Adjutant*.

Surgeons shall be qualified as Army Surgeons.

Adjutant,

Pay Mailer, &c shall not hold

any oth'.r Commission.

466 C. 120. 49° GEO. III. AJXlSop.

in the said Militia, shall be capable of holding any Commission in the said Militia, favc and except the Commission of Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon. Quarter Mailer, or Assistant Surgeon respectively; and that no Officer holding any Commission in the said Militia shall be capable of being appointed Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quarter-Mailer, or Aflillant Su-geon.

-Appointment of

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Staff Serjeants, Serjeants, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers ai d Fifers, shall and may, from Time to Time, be appointed by the Colonel of the Regiment or Battalion; and that ail Staff Serjeants, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Fifers, may be discharged by such Colonel from Time to Time; and that all Staff Serjeants, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummer* and Fif<r9, who shall at any Time have received any Pay as such from any Regiment or Battalion, shall be deemed to be engaged, and be compellable to serve in such Regiment or Battalion, until they shall be discharged by the Colonel of the Regiment or Battalion to which they (halt respectively belong.

Oath of

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who at any

Serjeants, &c. Time after the Commencement of this Act, shall be appointed to be.

a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of the said Militia, shall take the following Oath, that is to say,

I A.B. do foiemnly promise and swear. That I will be faithful and 4 b^r true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia of Ireland, until I shall be legally discharged.*

Serjeants Major

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel of any Re-and Drum giment or Battalion of the said Militia, may appoint the Serjeant-

Major. Major and the Quartermaster Serjeant out of the Serjeants, and the

Drum Major out of the Drummers.

Adjutants, &c.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Fay-shall he always Mailer, Surgeon, Serj-ant Major, Quarter mailer Serjeant, Serj-anf, iahje# to the Corporal, Drum Major, and Drummer of the said Militia, shall be Mutiny Act. at all Times iubje& to any Act which shall be in force for punishing', Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Article8 of War, under the Command of, the Colonel of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs.

Bates of Pay to

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That during any such Time Adjutants, &o. as tke Militia shall not be embodied and drawn out into actual Ser-w mu; luitu is daily Pay of every such Adjutant, Pay Mailtr, and Sur-

iRjt on geoti respectively, shall be Six Shillings each; and the daily Pay

of every Serjeant M«jor, Quartermaster Serjtant, Serjeant, Corporal* and Drummer resptft'vely, when not in a6fual Service, but refi<jent at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corpp, shall be follows.; that is to lav. One Shilling and Sixpence per Day for each Serjeant, with the Addition of Two Shilling* and Sixpence per Week fof each Serjeant Major and Quartermaster Serjeant; One Shilling and Two-peRce per Day for each Corporal? and One SbiUing/ir Day for each Drummer, with the Addition of Sixpence per Day for each Drum Major; provided alway s, that where any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, shall be abftnt bn Furlough pr Licence* such Serjeant* Corporal, or Drummer, shall during such Ahfeuce, receive the Rates of P*y following y that js to say, every Serjeant the Sup* of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum ©( Eight*

4$7

49° GEO. III. C. 120.

pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Sixpence Day, and no

more.

XXIX. Provided a!way8, and be it ena&.*d, That no Person who Serjeants, &c. shall keep any House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any shall not keep Ale, or Wine, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall be capable

of being appointed or serving as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer be Peace

in the Militia, nor shall any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Pri- Officers, &c.

?ate of the Militia, while he shall continue such, be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer, or a Parish Officer, or to serve in any of His Majesty's Sea Forces.

XXX. And be it further er?6hd, That it shall be lawful for the Courts Martial Conlonel of any Regiment or Battalion of the said Mifiti?> or in his on Serjeants, &c. Abfeoce the Officer lady in command of such Regiment or Bat- while Militia is talion, to direct the holding of Courts Martial as hereir.-after directed, not embodied, for the Trial of any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum

Major, or Drummer of such Regiment or Battalion, by a Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence agaioff this Act. or against the Articles of War, committed during the Time such Regiment or Battalion,

shall not be embodied, but so that no Punishment thereon shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel of the Regiment or Battalion to which the Person on whom such Court Martial is to be held shall belong, to order any Officers of the Militia of the County, County of a City, or Town, or P-ace to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, actually resident within the Town where such Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer is to be tried, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, to attend and affilt as Members of such Court Martial, who shall thereupon attend at the Time required, and sfliil accordingly; but no Officer shall be entitled to receive Pay for any such Attendance

Provided always, that no Sentence of any Court Martial held as aforesaid on any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, and Drummer, shall be put in Execution until it shall have been confirmed by such Colonel or Commanding Officer.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Cor- Serjeants, &e. poral, or Drummer of the Militia, may, by Sentence of a Court may he reduced Martial, or by Order of the Colonel of the Regiment, be reduced to the Ranks, to the Condition of a Private Militia Man, and such Person so reduced

shall be bound to serve as such Private Militia Man, for any Time not exceeding Fifteen Months, in case the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall not be then embodied or called out in actual Service 5 and in case the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall be then embodied or called out into a&usl Service, such Person so ordered shall be bound to serve as aforesaid until the disembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion; and that after the Expiration of the Time during which such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer shall be so bound to serve as a Private Man, such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, shall be discharged from the Service.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer ftrvirg in

the Militia of Ireland shall fit in any Court Martial upon the Trial {halt not fit on of any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier ftrving in any Court Martial of His Majesty's other Foroes, nor shall any Officer serving in His of Regulars, &c. Majesty's other Forces fit in any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Private h^an fqrving in the said

4^8 C. iao. 49° GEO. 1H. A.D. 1809.

Militia Commission vacated by accepting one in the Regulars.

Militia Commission shall not vacate Seat in Parliament.

Officers serving in Militia shall not forfeit Half-pay.

said Militia: Provided always, that any Colonel or Officer serving in the said Militia, and at the same Time holding a Commission in any other of His Majesty's Forces, on the Half-pay thereof, may lit upon any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Private, in His Majesty's other Foroes; any Th ng herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance by any Officer of the said Militia, except the Colonel, of any Commission in any of his Mrtjdly's Regular Foroes, shall, from the Date of such Commission so accepttd, absolutely vacate any Commission such Officer may hold in the Militia of Ireland.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of any Commission in any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, shall not nor shall he contlrued to vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is or shall be entitled to Half-pay, shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half pay, during the Time he shall serve in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, but that the same shall nevertheless continue; and instead of the Oath directed by any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, to be taken by such Officer, he shall take the following Oath

Half-pay*J A B. do swear, That I had not between the

Officer's Oath. 4 any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under

His Majesty, beside* my Allowance of Half-Pay, as reduced

late Regiment of fov,: and except my Pay for serving

in a Regiment of Militia.'

And the taking of the said Oath dial), without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half-pay.

Pensioners serving in Militia shall receive the Allowance.

Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers Twenty Years in the Militia, and discharged for Age or Infirmity, on being recommended as herein may be placed on Kilmainham Penfun.

Pension paid under 85 G. 3. c. 8. declared Valid.

Chelsea Pensioner entering into Militia shall be entitled to Kilmainham Pcufum.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person being a Serjeant, Ltttermau or other Pensioner, on the Establishment of Kilmainham or Chelsea Hospitals, at the Allowance of such Hospital* or either of them, and bein? appointed to serve in the Militia, shall and may rective the said Hospital Allowance, together with his Pay from the said Militia; and any Person who shall have faithfully served as a Serjeant, or as a Corporal or Drummer in the said Militia for Twenty Years and who shall be dischargt-d on account of Age or Infirmity, shall on the Recommendation of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Bittalion to which he belongs, be entitled to Examination at the Kilmainham Board, and be capable to be placed on the Pension of such Hospital, if the said Board should judge him deserving thereof: Provided always, that all Payments of any Pension which at any Time after the passing of an Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, herein-before recited and repealed, and before the passing of this Act, shall have been made to any Serjeants, Lettcrmen or other Peciioners, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be good and valid to all Intents and Pur-poi'es whatsoever; and that Ml such Serjeants, Lettermen and other Pensioners, as at the Time of the passing of this Act are in the Receipt of any such Pensions shall continue in the Receipt of the same as heretofore; and that any Serjeant, Letterman or other Pen-: fioner o, n the Establishment of Chelsea Hospital, who at any Time after the passing of this Act shall voluntarily enter into the Militia of

Ireland.,

49# Geo. m.

ct 120# 469

Ireland, shall be placed on the Establishment of the Royal Hospital of Kilmainham from the Day of his having entered into such Militia, and shall from such Day and during his Continuance in ^he said Militia, receive such Pension, and no more, as a Pensioner of the like Ciafs on the Establishment of Kilwatnham Hosp; tal shall be entitled to receive, as if he had been originally on that Establishment, and not on the Establishmer t of Chelsea.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Muskets, Bayonets, Arms shall be Swords, Stores, and Accoutrements, delivered for the Service of the marked, said Militia, shall be marked in some distinct Place urith the Letter

(M) and the Name of the County to which they belong.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Arms, Accou- Adjutant and trements, Clothing, and other Store, belonging to every Regiment One-third of or Battalion of the said Militia, when not embodied, shall be kept in

such convenient P»ace within the County, County of a City, or reside Town, to which such Regiment or Bntalion shall belong, as the where the Arms Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment or Battalion shall are kept, and direct, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief take Care Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; and that the the[co^Tand. Adjutant, and One Tniri at least in Number of the Serjeants, jfotu^ns-°n*Corporals, and Drummers, in every Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, shall be constantly resident within the City, Town, or Place, where the Arms belonging to such Regiment or Battalion are so kept, and such Scrj^ant3, Corporals, and Drummers, shall be under the Command of the Adjutant, who shall act in such Command under the Orders of the Colonrl or other Commanding Offi: er of such Regiment or Battalion; and that the Adjutant, and in the Absence of the Adjutant, the Serjeant-Mojor, shall have free Access to the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Siore3 as aforesaid, and (hill cause the same to be examined, cleaned and preserved by the said Serjeants, Corporate, and Drummers from Time to Time, as the same shall be necessary, and shall make a Monthly Return of the true State of the Serjeants, Corporate, and Drummers, and of the said Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Stores, of the Regiment or Battalion respectively, to the Governor or Governors o! the County, and to the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment or Battalion; and in case of any Default and Neglect therein, such Adjutant or S; rjeant-Major fhdl for every such Offence,

Neglect, or Default, be subject to such Punishment as a Court Martial shall adjudge; and no such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer,

shall be absent from such City, Town, or Place, without a regular

Furlough from the Adjutant, or in his Absence from the Serjeant-Major; and every such Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer, who shall absent himself without such Furlough, shall be liable to be apprehended as a D: ftrter; and such Adjutant shall never absent himself from such City, Town, or Place, without Leave of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of such Regiment or battalion: Pro-f vided nevertheless, that whenever such Adjutant shall be absent with such Leave as aforesaid, then such Serjeants, Corporate, and Drummers, shall be under the Command of the Serjeant-Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the said Colonel or other Commanding Officer, to act at Serjeant-Major during the Absence of such Adjutant.

XXXIX.

47

Militia shall be called out in their Counties, 28 Days for annual Exercise when not embodied.

C. 120.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Motice of Time and Place of Exercising fh&U be sent by Clerk of General Meeting to Chief Constable of Barony, and by him to Cou-stables of Parishes.

Subdivision Clerks shall fend Lifts of Persons enrolled to Colonels, &c.

Penalty on'* Militia Men not appearing, or deserting,

fcc. 10U

XXXIX. And be it farther enacted, That when the said Militia shall not be drawn out into actual Service, the several Regiments and Battalions thereof shall, unit fa the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, shall order the contrary, be respectively trained and exercised in their respective Counties Once in every Year, for Twenty-eight Days together, in the Manner herein after d'reded, at such Time and Place as shall be the lead inconvenient to the Publick; such Time and Place to be appointed by the Governor, or where there are more Governors than One of any County, then by the Governors of each County respectively, at a General Meeting to be holden at their usual Place of Meeting respectively within such County, upon the Tuesday that shall happen next before the Twenty-fourth Day of October in every Year, or at such other Place therein, and at such Time as shall be appointed by such Governor or Governors, or in Default of any fwch Meeting or Appointment, then at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by Three or more Deputy Governors of such County; and during such Time as the several Regiments or Battalions of the said Militia shall he assembled respectively for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, all the Ciauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, shall be in force with respect to the said Militia, and all the Officers and private Men of the same, in all Cases whatsoever, but so that no Punishment shall extend to Loss of Life or Limb.

XL. And be it further enacted, That Notice of the Time and Place of the Exercise of the Militia Men of each Parish shall be fenc by the Clerk of the General Meetings to the Chief or High Constable or other Officers of the several Baronies or other Divisions, with Directions to forward the same to the Constables or other Officers within their respective Baronies or other Divisions; which Constables or other Officers shall cause such Notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the Outside of the Doors of the Church belonging to their respective Parishes or Places; or if any Place has no Church belonging thereto, on the Outside of the Doors of the Church of some adjoining Parish or Place; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercise according to such Notice.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in every County, shall, Ten Days at least before the Time so appointed for the annual Exercise, cause a full and true Lift, fbecifying the Names and Dates of the Enrolment of all the Persons enrolled within each Subdivision respectively, to serve in stich Regiment or Battahort, to be transmrtted to the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, or to such Person as shall be appointed by such Commanding Officer to receive the same, and shall id like Manner cause a Duplicate of such Lift to be transmitted to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That every Militia Man not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him, who shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed For annual Exercise according to the Directions of this Act, Nbtide havifrg beeh publiflfed as this Act inquires, shall be deemed a Deserter, and if not taken until after the Time of such Exercise shall forfeit axttl bay th^Sum of Teh Pounds 5

and

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.i 2o. 471

and also every Militia Man, who, having joined the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, shall desert or absent himself during the Time of annual Exercise, and shall not be taken tiU after the Time of such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if in either Case such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, the Justice of the Peace before whom any such Militia Man shall be convicted of any such Offence shall commit such Militia Man to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Ba; l or Mainprize for the Space of Six Months, or until he shall have paid the Penalty.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person (fall bar- penalty on hour, conceal, or assist any such Deserter, knowing him to be such, harbouring the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum Deserter*, M. not exceeding Twenty Pound and not less than Five Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further entitled, That in case any Militia Man Penalty on shall fell, pawn, or lofc any of his Arms, Clothes, or Accoutrements, felling Arms, or neglect or refuse to return the same in good Order to his C*p-tain, or to the Person appointed to receive the same, every such Militia Man shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall know- Penalty on ingly and willingly buy, take in Exchange, conceal, or otherwise buying Arms, receive any Arons, Clothes, Stores, or Accoutrements belonging1-to any Militia Man, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person so offending, upon Conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peace,

shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; and if such Offender ftnH not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have Efficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy such Penalty, the Justice before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Matnpfize for the Space of Three Months, or (hill cause such Offender to be publickly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Colonel shall Commanding Officer of every Regiment or Battalion of the said return to Chief Militia shall and he is hereby required, as often as the Regiment or Secretary the Battalion shall be so called out to annual Exercise, to return to the R^Urc^twheil Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or odledout ta Governors of Ireland for the Time being, a true Sttfte of such Rtegi- Exercise. ment or Battalion; and in case any such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall refuse or neglect fot One Month Ufter tht said annual Exet» cife so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That when amy Regiment or Militia Men Battalion of Militia shall be assembled for the Putpose t>f bring trained when affopbled and exehnfed, it shall be lawful for the Captain or Commanding for traiai« % way Officer of every Company, to put the Militia Men of his Company !^/utll"^£r under Stoppages not exceeding Sixpence per Day, for the Pocpose ^2S2Ses.°C of providing them with Linen, and also with Stockings and other Necessaries, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such Militia Man's Neglect: Provided always, that every such Captain or Commanding Officer (halt account with each Mftitia Man for such Stoppage, and after dedacting what fhidlhtve been kid out and paid For Necessaries, ftftd for repairing tht Aim mfordTsid» (fc*H p$y the Sum remaning

Hfc* (if

47*

Billeting Militia when called out to Exercise, and Serjeants, Coiporals, &c.

Providing "Carriage*, &c.

Bate* for> Carriages.

C. 120. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

(if any there shall be) into the Hands of the Militia Man to whom the same belong*, before such Militia Man shall be dismissed from such Training and Exercise.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Mayors, Sovereigns, Bailiffs, Burgomasters, Senefchala, Constables, and the Chief and other Magistrates and Officers of Cities, Towns, Paristies and Places, and (in their Default or Absence) for any Justice of the Peace inhabiting within or near any such City, Town, Parish or Place, and they and he are and is hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers, Non-commissiooed Officers, and Private Men fcrvingin the said Militia, at the Times when they shall be called out to any Exercise, as by Law they may billet His Majesty's other Military Forces; and when the said Militia is not called out for Exercise, or embodied, all Mayors, and other Chief and other Magistrates, and Officers aforesaid, or (in their Default or Absence) any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, may, and they and he are and is hereby required to billet as aforesaid ail Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of the Militia.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia shall be called out to be trained and exercised, any Justice of the Peace of any County, (being thereunto required by an Order from the Governor or Governors, or any of them, or from any Deputy Governors of such County, or from the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia of such County, or any Detachment thereof, being within such County) shall issue his Warrant to the Chief or High Constables of Baronies, or to Con-(fables or other Officers of the several Pantiles or Places from, through, or near to which any such Regiment, Battalion, or Detachment of Militia shall be ordered to march, requiring them to provide such sufficient Horses and Carriages to convey the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, and Stores, with able Men to drive the said Horses and Carriages, as shall be mentioned in such Order; and in case such sufficient Horses, Carriages, and Men cannot be provided within, any such County, Barony, Parish, or Place, then any Justice of the Peace for the same or any adjoining County shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being shewn unto him, iilue his Warrant to the Chief or High Constable or Constabka, or other such Officers of any Barony or Place within the same County or within such adjoining County or Place, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency of Horses, Carriages, and Men; and such Governor, Deputy Governor, or Colonel, or other Commanding Officer requiring such Carriages and Men to be provided as aforesaid, shall, at the same Time, pay to every such Chief or High Constable or other Officer, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages and Men, such respective Rates and Sums as shall be payable for Carriages and Men in like Cases, under any Act which shall be in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, for which respective Sums every Chief or High Constable or other Officer receiving the same, is hereby required to give a Receipt to the Person paying the same; and every such Chief or High Constable, Constables, or other Officers, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Horses and Carriages within their respective Baronies or Places as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such

7. -'Horses*

473

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 120.

Horses, Carriages, and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid; and every Person so ordered is hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly for One Day's Journey, and no more.

Li. And be it further enacted, That if any Militia Man shall not join the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs at the Time of annual Exercise, and shall not be apprehended before the Expiration of the Time appointed for such Exercise 5 and if the Commanding Officer or Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion, or the Commanding Officer of the Company to which such Offender belongs, shall receive Information of the Place where he shall be or reside, any such Commanding Officer or Adjutant may, by Writing under his Hand, describe the Person of such Offender, and also certify that be did not join the Regiment or Battalion at the Time of annual Exercise, or that he deserted during the Time of annual Exercise (as the Case may be) and ftnd the same by a Serjeanf, Corporal, or Drummer of such Regiment or Battalion, to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion in the County wherein such Offender is supposed to be or reside; and the Adjutant or Serjeant Major to whom such Certificate shall be sent, shall dirtSt a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, to assist in apprehending such Offender, and conveying him before a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein such Offender shall be apprehended; and if by his Contcffion* or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such Person is guilty of such Offence, such Adjutant or Serjeant Mijor shall order a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers, under his Command, to convey such Offender to the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia of the next County, in the Way to the County to which such Offender belongs, and deliver him into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of such Regiment or Battalion, who shall cause him to be conveyed in like Manner to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia of the next County, and so in like Manner until such Offender shall be delivered into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, who shall take him before a Justic^ of the Peace, to be dealt with as herein d're&td in Cases of Militia Men deferring or absenting themselves from their Duty.

Lf. And be it further enacted, If any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, shall desert from the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, it shall be lawful for any Constable or other Officer of the Town or Place where any Person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such Deserter, shall be found, to cause such Person to be apprehended, and taken before any Justice of the Peace, being in and near to such Town and Place, who is hereby empowered to examine such suspetfed Person; an d if by his Confession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found, that such fufp.&^d Person is such Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common G^ol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or to the House of Correction, or other publick Prison in the Town jor Place ia or near to which such Deserter shall be apprehended, there

Apprehensionf Deserter* from annual Exercise.

Apprehension of Seqeants, 8u\ being Deserter*.

474

C. 120;

49° GEO. III.

1809.

to remain until he shall be demanded by fofli* Person or Persons authorised to receive him, as by this Act is directed, and shall transmit an Account thereof to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County to which such Deserter belongs, and the Keeper of such Ga^l or H'Uifc of Correction shall receive the full Subsisteoce of such Deserter, for the Maintenance of such Deserter during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of his Imprisonment; and such Cletk of the General Meetings receiving such Account, shall immediately transmit a Copy thereof to the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of the County, and also to the Adjutant or other Officer eommandin r the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of such Regiment or Battalion; and where there are more Regiments or Battalions than.one, such Clerk shall fend such Copy to all the Colonels or other Commanding Officers of Regiments or Battalions, a and also to all the Adjutants or Officers commanding Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, within his County; and the Coionel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Deserter shall be found to belong, or the Adjutant or Officer commanding the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of such Regiment or Battalion, shall and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving such Copy as aforesaid. to fend from among the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers of the Regiment or Battalion under his Command, a sufficient Person or Number of Persons to the Place where such Deserter shall be confined; and shall also fend by such Serjeant, Corporal or Dru rmt'r, or the Serjeant commanding the said Party of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers, an Order under his Hand and Seal to the Keeper of the said Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, requiring him to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and the Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer to whom such Deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, in case One only shall be sent on such Duty, shall apply to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Bittalion of the County where such Deserter shall be so confined as aforesaid, and such Adjutant or Serjeant Major shall order a sufficient Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers under his Command to assist in conveying such Deserter, and he shall be conveyed to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, in the same Manner as before directed, with respect to the conveying t)f private Militia Men to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion to which they shall belong; and such Adjutant or Serjeant Major shall take such Deserter before a Justice of the Peace of the County to which he belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, or other publick Prison of such County, where he shall remain without Bail or Mainprize, until the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall be embodied fer annual Exercise, or for actual Service, which shall first happen; and the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion shall then issue an Order under his Hand and Seal to the Keeper of the Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison where such Deserter shall be confined, requiring him to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is required to do; and such Colonel and other Commanding Officer is hereby empowered and required to summoo and hold a Court Martial for the

Trial

47 5

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 120.

Trial of such Deserter, in such Manner and with the same Power and Authority, as shall be given and directed by any Act of Parliament which shall then be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and if upon any such Trial such Deserter shall be found guilty, it shall be lawful to punish such Deserter in such Manner as such Court Martial shall in their Discretion think fit, according to the Powers and Provisiors of such Act, and of the Articles of War, but (o that no such Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Lite or Limb.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Gaolers and Keepers of Penalty o* Pr.fons shall, if required so to do by any Serjeant, Corporal, or Dmm- Gaolers refvfe^ mtr employed in conveying any Offender or Deserter as aforesaid to to receive the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, receive into their Ufc*erlera» Custody, and confine such Offender for such Time as they shall be re-fptdtively so required as aforesaid, not exceeding Twenty-four Hours; and any Gaoler and Keeper of any Prison who shall refuse so to do,

shall forfeit the Snm of Five Pounds,

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Serjeants, Corporals, Billeting and Drummers, while they are employed in executing such Duty as Serjeants, fee, aforesaid in the apprehending and conveying Deserters, shall be bi!-letted in like Manner as Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers belonging efcrteB* to His Majesty's other Forces employed in apprehending and conveying Deserters are to be billetted.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man WhenaMM % shall, on his March, or at any Piace where he shall be called out to Man shall W annual Exercise, be disabled by Sicknefa or otherwise, it shall be law- difrhled by ful for any One Justice of the Peace of the County cr Place, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City, Town, or Piace, where AT^Afiqr such Man shall then be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order him such Relief as such Justice, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate, shall think reasonable; and the same shall be given by the Coilc&or of His Majesty's Excise of the Place where such Militia Man shall then be; and the Collector giving such Relief shall, upon producing an Account of the Expences thereof, be allowed the same in his Accounts, such Account being firit allowed under the Hands of Two Justices of the Peace.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of actual In- fa case of vafion, Rebellion, or Insurrection, or upon immediate Danger thereof, Invafkm, to be signified by Proclamation from the Lord Lieutenant or other Rebellion, fcc. Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gover- c nors of Ireland for the Time being, to order and dirt A that the Mnitia of the said several Counties hertin-before appointed to be raised and trained, or ^uch Parts of them as the Lord Lieutenant or other £hief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall in his or their Wisdom judge necessary, shall be drawn out and embodied, and that in such Manner as shall be bell adapted to the Circumstances of the Danger, and to put the said Forces under the Command of such General Officers as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said Forces by their respective Officers into any Parts of Ireland, for the repelling and Prevention of any such Invasion, and for the Suppression of any Rebellion or \nfurrection therein; and the Officers, Non commissioned Officers,

Drummers,

47$

Governors of Counties shall issue Orders to Chief Constables, and they tp Comftables, to tfire Notice to Militia Men to asse cable;

Militia Men not attending shall be Defenfrs^is under Mutiny Act; Penalty on harbouring such, 5l.

Militia when called out, shall have Pay of Regulars (except as under 46 G.3, c. 110.)

When Militia is embodied. Colonels may appoint Agents*

C. 120. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Drummer*, and Private Men, of the several Regiments and Battalions of the said Militia, shall, from the Time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall be returned again to their respective Parities or Places of Abode, remain under the Command of such General Officers; and during such Time as aforesaid, all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall then be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be in force with resptdl to the said M'litia, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the said Militia, in all Cafea whatever.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor or Governors of every County in Ireland, or any of them, or on the Death or Removal of such Governor or Governors, or during his or their Absence fresh the County, any Three or more Deputy Governors to whom any such Order from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, for tmboaying; the Militia as aforesaid, shall be directed, shall issue his or their Order to the Chief or High Constables or other Officers of the several Baronies or other Divisions within their respective Counties, with Directions to forward the same immediately to the Constables or other Officers of the several Parishes and Places within their respective Baronies; and such Constables and other Officers are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Militia Men, or left at their several Places of Abode within their respective Pj»rishes or Places, to attend at the Time and Piace mentioned in such Order; and if any Militia Man so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him from serving as a Militia Man) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such Order, every such Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended and punishsd as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Acts which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and if any Person shall harbour or conceal any such Mih'tia Man when ordered out into edlual Service, knowing him to be a Militia Man, every such Person (halt for every such Offence fotfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That from the Date of the Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, of Ireland for the Time being, for drawing the M'litia out into actual Service, the Officers. Non commissioned Officers, and Private Men of the Militia shall be enti'led to the same Pay as the Officers, and Private Min of His Majesty's other Regiments of Foot receive, and no other; subject nevertheless to tfv Provisions contained in an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Maj: fly's Reign. intituled An Act, to amend TTtivo Acts passed in the FoPlysecond Year of His present Majesty. relating to the MLilia of England and Scotland respectively, as to the Pay of the Officers and Men of the said Militia; and if any Non comnvfiVoued Officer, Drummer, or Private Man of the Militia shall be maimed or wounded in actual Service, he shall be equally entitled to the Benefit of Kilmainham or Chelsea Hospitala with any Non comm ffioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man belonging to any of His M^jdty's other Forets.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, T&at when any Regiment or Battalion i f Militia shall bz drawn out into actual Service, and during the

477

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. III. C. 120.

the Time they shall continue in actual Service, the Colonel thereof shall and may appoint an Agent to such Regiment or Battalion, and shall take Security from such Agent.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia of any Collector of County shall be ordered out into act nal Service, the Colic&or of pay

His Majesty's Excise of such County or Place shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Order of the Colonel of the Regi* Re«iment*meat or Battalion of Militia so ordered our, the Sum of One Guinea ordered into for the Use of every private Militia Man belonging to his Regiment or actual Service^ Battalion; and the said CoiltdLr shall also pav to the Order of such ^ne, ^ul"ea Colonel the Sum of One Guinea for every Recruit, as early as may N^forie^to be after such Recruit shall have joined his Company while out in ad+ual be accounted for. Service as aforesaid (all which Money so paid by such Collectors shall be allowed them in their Accounts); and a'.l Money so received, or to much thereof as such Col: \yti shall think proper, shall be laid out*in the Manner he shall think moll advantageous for the rtfpe£live Militia Men; and before any Militia Man shall receive his Discharge, an Account shall be rendered to such Militia Man how the said Sum of One Guinea hath beeiv applied and disposed of, and the Remainder of the said Money, if-any, shall be paid to such Militia Man.

LX. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia, or Bifembodying any Part thereof, having been drawn out into actual Service as afore- Militia, said, shall be again duly disembodied, and the Officer* and Private Men thereof dismissed to return to their several Places of Abode, the Officers, Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men,

shall be subject to the same Orders, Directions, and Engagements only, as they were subject to under the Provisions of this Act, before they were so drawn out into actual Service, except as herein-afteij mentioned.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person having served Militia Men in the Miiuia, when drawn out into actual Service, being a married having Man, may set up and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place in Trades?* & Ireland, without any Let, Suit or Moleilation, of or from any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by reason of exercising or uting such Trade, as freely and with the same Provision, and under the same Regulations, as any Inhabitants of such Places might or could do.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Officer or Leave of Absense. Non-commissioned Officer of the Militia, or private Militia Man, having to vote at Voice or Vote at any Election to be held in Ireland for any Member fil«&joi»of or Members to serve in Parliament shall, if he or they shall require, p^liameot. have Leave for a reasonable Time, to be expressed in such Leave, to go to, and return from such Election; and no such Officer, Noncommissioned Officer, or Private shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment for or on account of his Absence durirg the Time expressed in such Leave.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer, Ser- Militia Men shall jeant or other Person, shall at any Time wilfully and knowingly not enlist into enlill any Man to serve in His Majesty's Regular Force?, who at the Regular Forces Time of such enlisting shall be enrolled, or ballotted. or engaged to under

- serve in the Mnitia, except ituder the Provisions of any Act in force fPeclal,) at the Time of such enlisting, and especially authorising such enlisting into His Majesty's Regular Foroes, every inch enlisting shall be deemed null and void; and in case any Militia Man. at the Time of. offering9ealUt M aforesaid, shall deny to the Office r, Serjeant, or

478

Penalty on Men enlisting. Six Monti is logmivtunent.

Penalty on Segeantf en-lUling Militia Men^ 20l.

Penalty on Soldier offering himself as a Militia Man, lol

Militia shall not serve out of Ireland, unless Vy their own, 1)( fire, as under 44 Q.; i. c.a-2.

Covemors of Counties may appoint Deputy tiovcrnors of Counties.

C.i % q* 4 GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

other Person recruiting for Men to enlist and serve in ^lis MajestyV other Foroes, that he is (at the Time of his offering to enlist j a Militia Man then f.ftually enrolled and engaged to serve (which the said Officer, Serjeant, or other Person is hereby required to ask every Man offering to enlist in His Majesty's other Forces) or shall offer himself to be enlisted and serve in any other Regiment or Battalion of Militia, any Militia Man so offending shall. on Conviction thereof upon the Oath of One Witness before any One Justice of the Peace, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending is or shall be otherwise liable; and every Person so offending shall, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and no sooner, belong as a Soldier to such Corps of His Majesty's other Forces into which he shall have so enlisted, to serve therein from such Day for the full Period of Service for which he shall have originally engaged, and which Service shall commence upon the Day on which he may be discharged from the Militia, and not before; and if any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person shall enlist any Man belonging to the Militia, to serve in His Majesty's Forces, knowing him to belong to the Militia, or without asking him if he belongs to the Militia (except urder the specia! Provisions of any such Act in force as aforesaid) every such Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Person actually serving in any of His Majesty's other Forces shall offer himself to serve, and be enrolled as a Substitute in the Militia, every Person so offending shall forfeit and piy to the Person informing'of such Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds, or be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That neither the Whole nor any Part of the Militia of Ireland, shall on any Account be carried or ordered to go cut of Ireland^ unless by and with the Defare and Consent of each and every Officer, Non commissioned Officer, Drummer, and Private, who shall be so carried or go, and then only within the United Kingdom: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained

shall repeal, or be extended or construed to repeal an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent therein Rmileiy to accept the Services of Jurh Parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland, as may voluntarily offer themselves to he employed in Great Britain, or any Act for continuing the lame, in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

LXV. And be it enacted, That for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Governors of the several Counties and Counties of Cities in Irclandt or the Majority of Governors where there shall be more than One appointed for any Comity or County of a City, from Time to Time to appoint so many and such Persons duly qualified as herein after mentioned, and living within their respective Counties, as he or they shall think fit, to be Deputy Governors for every County or County of a City in Ireland, having a Regiment or Battalion of Militia; the Names of such Persons having been first presented to, and not dif* approved

-479

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. Cl2d«

approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being.

LXVI. Provided always, That if the Governor or the Majority of If Governor* the Governors of any County shall decline, refuse, or omit to appoint neglect, Lori, and return the Names of Persons to be Deputy Governors of any Lieutenant may County or County of a City, that then and in such Case it shall be aPP°mt* lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, of Ireland, for the Time being, to appoint such Persons (duly qualified as herein after mentioned) as he or they shall think fit, to be Deputy Governors for every such County or County of a* City whereof the Governor or Governors, or the Majority of them, shall have de* dined, refused, or omitted to appoint Deputy Governors as afovefauL

LXVII. And be it enacted, That there shall be Twenty Deputy Twenty Deputy Governors at the lead within every County, if so many can b« found Governors in qualified as herein after directed, but if such Number of proper and each County, discreet Persons so qualified cannot be found within any such County, then as many such Persons qualified as can be found within such County shall be appointed to be Deputy Governors for the Purposes of this Act; and no Commission of any Deputy Governor shall be vacated by reason of the Vacation, Expiration, or Discontinuance of the Comm'fiion or Authority of the Person or Persons by whom any such Deputy Governor has been or may be appointed.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Removal of lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Succtilors, or for the Lord Deputy Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Gov€rnort*

Time being, from Time to Time as he or they shall think fit, to signify his or their Pleasure to the Governor or Governors of any County or County of a City, to displace all or any Deputy Governor or Deputy Governors thereof, and upon such Signification of hid Of their Pleasure, such Deputy Governor or Deputy Governors shall be di(placed accordingly.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons being ap- Qualifications pointed Deputy Governors in pursuance of this Act, except within of Deputy Counties of Cities, shall be qualified as follows; that is to fey, Governors, every person so to be appointed a Deputy Governor, shall be seised or pofledtd, either in Law or Equity, for his own Use and benefit, in Possession of a Real or Freehold Estate, far his own Life, or for the Life of his Wife, (he having a Real or Freehold Estate for her Life, or-'for some greater Term, or shall be possessed of a Term of Years, whereof Fourteen Years shall be unexpired, in Maoors, Mef-fuagts, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Eftaie as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds:

Provided always, that the Qualification of every D-puty Governor shall be situated within the County whereof he shall be appointed Deputy Governor.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That with resptft to the chfcfMa^istrates Counties of the Cities of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick, and the County of Dublin, Cork, q{ the Town of Drogheda, the Chief Magistrate of each of the said or Limerick, and Cities and Town respectively for the Time being, and the Colonels of Drogheda, shall the Militia of the said Counties of Cities, and of the County of Louth, Goveruors*

shall be Governors of the said Cities and Town, and of the Preeinfts and Liberties therevf respectively, for the Purposes of the Act* and f (Hall

Qualifications of Deputy Governors there.

Deputy Governors shall deliver their Qualifications to Clerks of the Peace.

Cleitcs of Peace shall regiller Qualifications, &c.

Oaths of Deputy Governors.

Penalty on Deputy Governors acting without J Qualification,

*C,

C. 120. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

(hill respectively have all the Powers and Authorities hereby given to Governors of Counties, and all Powers and Provisions made by this Act with respect to Counties at large, and the Militia thereof, and the registering herein directed of the Qualifications of the Deputy Governors, shall take place and be in force with respect to the said Cities, and the Militia thereof, and the registering of such Qualifications; and the respective Value of such Qualifications shall be as folio Wo, that is to say; every Deputy Governor shall be seised or pof-ftfied, either in Law or Equity, for his own Use and Benefit, in Possession of a Real or Freehold Estate for his own Life or for the Life of his Wife, she having a Real or Freehold Estate for her Life, or for some greater Term, or (halt be possessed of a Term of Years whereof Fourteen shall be unexpired, of the yearly % Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds at the lead, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised and possessed of a Real and Personal Estate together, of the Value of Three thousand Pounds.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter be appointed to be a Deputy Governor of any County or City, until he shall have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace of the County or City for which he shall be appointed, or, in the Absence of the Clerk of the Peace, to his Deputy, a specific Description in Writing, signed by himself, of his Qualification, dating the County or Counties, Parish or Parfhes, in which the Estate or Estates which form his Qualification is or are situate, with the Denominations of the Land; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall transmit to the Cuttoa Rotulorum, or Senior Governor of the County, or Chief Magistrate of the City, a Copy of such Description.

LXXII. And be it furher enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every such County or City shall and is hereby required, from Time to Time, to enter the Qualifications transmitted to him according to the Directions of this Act, upon a Roll to br provided and kept for that Purpose; and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall, in the Month of January in every Year, transmit to the Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the Time being, a complete Account of the Qualifications so left with him; and such Secretary receiving such Accounts, shall cause Copies thereof to be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament; and every Deputy Governor shall, at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, within Three Months from and after the Date of his Commission, take such Oaths or Oath, and make and sign such Declaration or Declarations as is or shall be required to be taken, made, and signed, by any Officer of His Maj: fly's Forces in Ireland.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hrreby directed to be executed by Deputy Governors, not being qualified as aforesaid, or not having delivered in such specific Description of his Qualifications as is herein-before required, save in the Cafc9 herein-alter particularly mentioned, or not having taken the said Oaths and made the said Declarations within the Time herein diredrd for those Purposes, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Uleof*the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; and in every Action, Suit or Information, brought against any Person for adwg as Deputy Governor, not being qualified 11

hcreiiu

481

A.D. 1809.

44° GEO. III. C. 120.

herein-before directed, the Proof of his Qualification shall be upon* the Person against whom the same is brought: Provided always that JW.so for Pern nothing in this Act contained* shall restrain or prevent any Peer of ani their Heirs, this Realm, or Heir Apparent of any such Peer, from being appointed, or acting as a Deputy Governor within any Cc Unty or City, whertin such Peer, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, shall have some Place of Residence, although he may not have the Qualifications hereinbefore required, or to oblige any Peer of this Rea^m, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, who shall be appointed a Deputy Goveri or as aforesaid, to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County or City for which he shall be so appointed, any Qualifications in Writing as aforesaid.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Governor or Go- Appointment vernors of any Coir-ty, or County of a City or Town, or the Ma- of Clerks of jority of them, shall from Time to Time appoint a Clerk of the General General Meetings to be holden as herein after dir ded, ard may Meeting*, displace such Clerk, if such Governor, or the Majority of Governors, where there is or shall be more than One, shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and the Deputy Governors within the respective Subdivisions, or the major Port of those resident in any Subdivision, shall also, from Time to Time, appoint a Clerk for their Subdivifia* respective Subdivisions, and may displace such Clerk* if they or the clerk, major Part of them shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room

Provided always, that no Clerk of the General Meetings shall be appointed to be a Clerk of any Subdivision, and that no Subdivisionai Clerk shall be appointed to be CUrk of the General Meetings.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That a Book shall be kept by Clerk of the Clerk of every Subdivision, in which B>ok all Proceedings to be Subdivision* had under this Act or any Ad relating to the said Militia, at every shall enter Subdivision Meeting, shall be duly and fully entered 5 and in the m

said Book the Names of the Governors and D puty Governors pre- c"

sent at every such Subdivision Meeting respectively shall be set down and specified, and at the Foot of every Day's Proceedings such Sub-division Clerk shall sign h»8 Name? and every Subdivision C'erk shall from Time to Time, together with the amended Lifts of Names herein after mentioned, transmit to the Clerk of the Peace a List of the Names, Ages, and Residence of all such Persons as shall at any and every such Meeting have been exculed from serving in the said Militia, together with the Cause for which they were so excused; and such Subdivision Ckrk dull also once in the Year, at leaflt Ten Days orevious 10 the annual General Meeting in October, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, a Copy of the Proceeding* of all the Subdiviti >nal Meetings in the preceding Year, signed j»nd attested as a true Copy by iuoh Clerk of such Sub-division.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Coiledtir of His Payment of such Majesty's Revenue for any County shall pay to the Clerk of the Clerks for their General Meetings the Sum of Five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Attendance. Nine-pence for each Meeting, and shall also pay to the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings the Sum of One Pound Two Shillings and Nine-pence for each Sub-division Meeting, on such C'erk respectively producing to such Collector an Order from the Governor or Governors, Deputy Governor or Deputy Governors, present at such Meeting, or any Two of them; and such Payments shall be allowed in

49 Geo. III.

Ii

every

4*t

C. 120.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Such Clerks (kail give Security for performing the ir

IPrefetitflQent* by Juries for Allowances to Clerks of Peace and Subdivifien Clevis*

Oa Clerk Beglecting Duty,0 Presentment shall be made.

General Meetings of Governors and Deputy Governors.

first Annual General Meeting in October.

every such Collectof* Accounts: Provided always, that no Clerk of any General Meeting shall be entitled to receive in any One Year more than Thirty Guineas, nor any Clerk of any Subdivisional Meeting more than Twenty Guineas, from the Collectors of His Majesty*8 Revenue, for his Attendance at such Meeting respectively, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that every Clerk of a General or Subdivisional Meeting shall, before he be entitled to receive any Payment as aforesaid, severally enter into Recognizance before a Justice of the Peace, which Recognizance every Justice is hereby empowered to take, the Clerk of the General Meeting in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and the Clerk of a Sub-divi-fional Meeting in the Sum of Thirty Pounds, conditioned that he shall duly and diligently attend his Duty as Clerk, for One Year from the Date thereof; and that in every Order to the Collector of His Majesty, 8 Revenue for Payment to any Clerk, his having entered into such Recognizance shall be certified, or such Order shall be void and of no Effect.

LXXVII. And, in order to make Compensation to the Clerk of the Peace and the Clerk of the Sub-divisional Meetings for the Trouble imposed on them by this Act Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Grand Juries at Assizes, and for the Grand Juries of the County and County of the City of DubTtn, at presenting Terms, to present to be raised off the County at Urge, and paid to the Clerk of the Peace for his Trouble in the Execution of the Militia Laws, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds a Year, over and above all other Sums which by Law they are now empowered to present to be paid to him, and to present to be raised in like Manner, and paid to such Clerk of a Subdivisional Meeting, a Sum after the Rate of Six Shillings for every One hundred Names of Persons contained in the amended and other Lifts made under the Provisions of this Act, for the Subdivisions of vihich he shall be Clerk.

LXXVIII. Provided always; and be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace or Clftk of the Subdivision Meeting (half, in any County or County of a City^ neglect or omit to do any Act which by this Act he is required to do, no Presentment shall be made or fiated at any Assizes in such County or County of a City, or at any Term if in the County or City of Dublin for any Money to be paid to him.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That General Meetings of the Governor or Governors, and Deputy Governors of every County or County of a City or Town, shall be holden in some Town of every such County, and such General Meetings shall consist of the Governor or Governors, or any of them, together with One Deputy Governor at least, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the Governor or Governors, or all of them, then of Three Deputy Governors at the lead of every County or County of a City or Town respectively; and such General Meetings shall be holden within every County, and within each of the said Counties of the Oities of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick, and of the Town of Drogheda, by or under the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, in Manner herein after mentioned; and such General Meetings shall also be held annually upon the Twfdaj that shall happen next

4«1

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 12Q.

before the Twenty-fourth Day of 0Sober in every Year and when nd as often as any Governor, or any Two Deputy Governors as aforesaid, shall find it necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution; and that such Governor or Deputy Governors shall and may, by Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the General Meeting, summon or cause to be summoned such General Meetings, on any Days to be fixed by such Summonses, Genel4 of which Places of holding such Meetings respectively, Notice shall MeetiuSg# be given by the Clerk of the General Meetings in any Newspaper, if any there shall be published in such County or County of a City,

Fourteen Days at the Icait before the Day appointed for holding such Meeting resptdivel}.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That such Governors and Dividing of Deputy Governors, or a competent Number thereof, appointed at any Counties into General Meeting, shall or may divide every such County into such Subdivisions. Subdivisions as they shall think most expedient for the rurposes of this Act, and shall or may change the same from Time to Time as they shall tliiuk proper; Provided always, that the Subdivisiona heretofore made and establishecJ, cr which before the Commencement of this Act shall be duly made and established, shall remain and continue pntil the same shall be duly altered, as if this Act had not beta mad?: Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for any Governors or Deputy Governor to divide any County into any greater Number of Subdivisions than shall be equal to Four Times the Number of Baronies contained in such County, without the express Approbation and Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being in that Behalf obtained.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That Subdivisional Meetings Subdivisional qF the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors within the said Meetings. Subdivisions of the respective Counties or Counties of Cities, or Towns, shall be holden from Time to Time, and every such Subdivisional Meeting shall con fid of Two Members at the leait, and shall and may be held at such Times and Places within the said Subdivisiona respectively as shall be dirt&ed at any General Meeting duly convened, or as shall be appointed by Notice in Writing to the Clerk of such Subdivision by any Governor, or by any Deputy Governor resident within such Subdivision; and that every Deputy Governor of any County shall, if he thinks Jit, attend all Subdivision Meetings of such County, and ad and vote therein as if he was resident in such Subdivision.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all General and Sub- Adjournment* division Meetings, to be from Tin?e to Time holden under this Act, of General shall and may adjourn as they shall find expedient for the Execution Meetings and of this Act; and in case the Number of Governors or Deputy Gover- Subdivisiona! nors required to form any General Meeting or Subdivisional Meeting e6tlD^ shall not attend at the several Times and Places respectively appointed for such General or Subdivisional Meetings respectively, then and in every such Case the Clerk of such General or Subdivisional Meeting, as the Case may be, shall adjourn such General or Subdivisional Meeting respectively to some subsequent Time, not exceeding the Dif-taace of Seven Days to be boldeu at the same Place.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks Notice of, of the Subdivision Meetings shall forthwith* or 99 foqn as conveniently Suhdmfiox^ may be after apy Siibdivision Meeting flwil few? been appointed,

4«4

Regulations for fumraoning General Meetings, and obtaining Lifts for a Ballot for Men to form any Regiment, or to supply Vacancies.

Governors of Counties may divide Counties on Failure of General

Meetings.

G.iib. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1g©0*

give Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting, and of the JPurpose for which the same h to be held, to the Governor and Governors, and also to such of the Deputy Governors who shall be reticent within such Subd'vificns respectively.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever either for the forming any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland, or for filling up any Vacancies therein by Death, Desertion, or lawful Discharge, the Lord Lieutenant or other Cni-f Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall order that the necessary Number of Men shall be raised by Bailot, and that new Lifts shall be returned for the several Districts, Parishes, and Places within the County, County of a C ty, or Town, or District to which such Regiment or Battalion belongs, and such Order shall be notified by Proclamation in the Dublin Ga % ette, or by the Letter of the Chief Secretary for the Time being, to any Governor or Governors of the County or County of a City to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, then and in every such Case the Governor or Governors of such County or County of a City, or any of them, shall forthwith summon a General Meeting to be held therein, within Ten Days from the Date of such Proclamation or the Receipt of such Letter; and the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors, or a competent Number thereof assembled at such General Meeting, shall appoint a convenient Place and Time, not more distant than Twenty D*ys, or sooner than Eight Days, for a Meeting in every Subdrvision within the County, County of a City, or District to which such Regiment or Battalion belongs; and they shall also iflue their Commands in Writing to the several High or Chief Constab'.es, or where there shall not be a High or Chief Constable, to some other P.ace Officer, or to the Collt&or of the Publick Cess in each Barony of such County or Distr &, or in such Courty of a City, requiring each of them to issue an Order under his Hand to all Constables or other Officers of »very Parish or Place within his District, to make out fair and trH* Lilts of ail Male Persons usually or at the Time resident or dwelling within such Parish or Place, within the Ages of Sixteen and Forty-five Years, dist the Prosession, Tr?dc, or Occupation of each, according to the Form in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act; and when the true Name of any such Perton cannot be procured, setting down his common Appellation, which will be sufficient, and also distinguishing such as labour under any Inftrmity l kely to incapacitate them from serving as M'litia Men, and to return the same to the Meeting appointed as a fore said to be held in the Subdivision where such Parish or Place is situated respectively, verifying upon Oath at the Foot thereof, that he has formed the said Lift or L'fts fairly, honestly, ard impartially, without Fayour, Affection, or Malice towards any Person; and that he had used his best Endeavours to difeovtr the Names of all the Male Inhabitants of the Parish or District for which he has made a Return 5 and that the Name of every Person whom he discovered to be dwelling or resident within such Parish or Place, and who is liable and required by Law to be inserted therein, is inserted therein.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if in any County or County of a City or Town such General Meeting shall not be held within the Time aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any One Governor of such County or, County of a City or Town, within Six Days after the Expiration of the Tune for holding such Meetings

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 120. 485

ing, to making Divisions of such County, County of a City or Town as aforesaid, if not already divided, appoint Times and Places for Sobdivisional Meetings, and HTue Orders for making out and returning Lifts in Manner aforesaid; and every such Division, Appointment, or Order, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made at a General Meeting as aforesaid.

LXXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if in any Parish Appointment or Place there fh-dl be no Con liable or other Officer, or such Con- ot Special ftible or other Officer shall refuse to receive the Order which shall be Constables. given to him as aforesaid to make out the Lifts, the Chief or High Con liable or other Peace Officer or Collector, receiving the Command as aforesaid, shall appoint a fit and proper Person to act as Con liable therein for the Purpose of executing this Act, and no other.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person being Quakersftmll not one of the People called Quakers, shall be appointed Chies, High, be Constables, or Petty Con liable or other Officer, for the Purpose of carrying any of the Regulations of this Act into Execution: Provided always,

That if any Person shall be appointed to any such Office, and shall refuse to accept thereof by reason of his being one of the People called Quakers, and shall produce a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more reputable Housekeepers, being of the People called Quakers, dated within the Three Months immediately preceding the Lay on which it shall be produced, acknowledging such Person to be one of their Persuasion, thereupon some other fit and proper Person shall be appointed Chies, High or Petty Constable, or other Officer, in the Room of such £>uaker> in order to carry this Act into perfect Execution.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Constable Penalty on or other Officer shall neglect or refuse to make or return the Lift or Constables Lifts which by this Act he shall be required to do, and be thereof returning convicted by his own Consession, or on the Oath of One credible Witness before any Justice of the Peace, he shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be levied on his Goods and Chattels under the Warrant of such Justice, or in default thereof, he shall be committed to Gaol, there to remain for the Space of Six Months, or until such Sum shall be paid.

LXXXIX. And Whereas the frequent Attendance of the several High and Petty or Parish Constables is required to carry this Act ' into Execution Be it enacted, That from and after the passing Allowances t# of this Act, the Collector of His Majesty's Revenue for every County Constables for shall pay to every High Constable the Sum of Eleven Shillings and their Attendance. Four-pence Halfpenny, and to every Petty or Parish Constable the Sum of Five Shillings and Five-pence, for each and every Day the said High, Petty, or Parish Constables shall be certified, under the Hands of the Persons presiding at any General or Sub*divisionai Meeting, to hajre been actually in Attendance or on Duty in carrying this Act into Execution; provided that the whole Sum to any High Constable fli^U not exceed Twenty Pounds in any One Year and that the whole Sum to any such Petty or Parish Constable in any One Year shall not exceed the Sum of Twelve Pounds; and such Payments shall be allowed in every Collector*s Accounts.

XC. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors and Governor, Governors, or Deputy Governors within any Sub-division, Deputy from Time to Time, to issue their Order or Warrant under their Governors may ... 113'Hand*w0ldetsl0

486

Constables, and commit them for Disobedience.

Penalty oa inducing ' Constables to make selfe Lifts, lol.

Parish being 5n Two or mojre Counties shall be considered as separata Parishes in the respective Counties.

Lifts of Parishes may be united

Sot the Ballot*

C. 126. 49 GEO. in A.D. 1809.

Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of any Constable or other Officer of the Parish or Place within such Sub-division, at such Time and Place as in such Order or Warrant shall be expressed; and if such Con liable or other Officer shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or Warrant, and if any Chief-or High Constabh*, or other Officer of any Barony, or other Officer of any Parish or Place, whether appointed under this Act or otherwise, shall refuse or neglect to return any such Lift as before directed, or to comply with such Orders and Directions as they shall respectively from T»me to Time receive from the said Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, in pursuance of this Act, or shall, in making such Return, be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality or gross Neglect in his Duty, the said Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to commit the Person so offending to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail or Mainprze for the Space of One Month, or at their Discretion to fine such Person in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall, by Gratuity, Gift, or Reward, or by Promise thereof, or of any In* demnification, or by Menaces or otherwise, endeavour to prevail on any Chief or High Constable or other Officer to make a false Return of any List for any Parish or Place, or to erase or leave out of any such Lift the Name of any Man who ought to be returned therein to serve as a Militia Man, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any Man shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname, or shall falsely tell a Christian or Surname, or if any Person shall refuse to tell the Christian or Surname of any Man lodging or residing within his or her House, or shall knowingly tell any false Name, pretending it to be the trae Namfe of any such Man, to any Con liable or other Officer authorised by this Act to demand the same, such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Panlh in Ireland, or any Parishes episcopally or perpetually united, or any Part thereof respectively, shall be situate in Two or more Counties, the respective Governor or Governors and Deputy Governorst>f the fevteral and respective Counties within which any Part or Parts of such Parish or united Parishes so divided shall be situate, shall comprise such Part of any Parish or united Parish so divided as is fitnated within their own County, in such District or Sub-division of such County as shall bfc most convenient for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution,8 if such Part of a Parish or united Parishes were a distinct Parish within such County; and the Constable or Constables of such District or Sub division shall from Time to Time return the Names of the Inhabitants of such Part of every such ParHh or united Parish as live within such County and Sub-division, to the bed of their Knowledge and Ability, to the Sub divisional Meeting, in order that the Ballot may be made in such County from Lifts made accordingly,

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, within their respective Divisions, to add together, whenfoftrer they shall think ft necessary, the Lifts for two or more Parishes or Places, or Parts of Parishes or Place*, and ftocetd upon fact tafta added together

4*7

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.iao.

in like Manner as if they had been originally returned for One Parish or Place, so as to mike the Choice of Militia Men by Ballot within every such Sub-division as equal and impartial as possible.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Lift of any Parish or Place shall be lost or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors within any such Sab-division, or any Two or more of them, to cause a new Lift as aforesaid in any such Parish or Place, to be made and returned to them at their next Sub-division Meeting, in the same Manner as the Liftloft or destroyed was made, and ought to have been returned to them by the Direction of the General Meeting,

XCV. And be it further ena&ea, T/ at the Governors and Deputy Governors at each Sub-divisional Meeting appointed as aforesaid, shall immediately proceed thereat to inquire into the Fitntfs for Service of all Persons named in the Lifts returned to them, and fele& their Names, and hear such Objections as shall be made on the Part of such a3 they shall so select; and in making such Inquiry and Selection, it shall be lawful to and for such Governors and Deputy Governors to examine upon Oath, which Oaths, as also the Oath to be taken by the Person making the Return, they or any of them* are hereby required and empowered to administer; and when such Lifts shall be so prepared by such Inquiry and Selection, they shall appoint a Day and Piace for the next Meeting, to be held at a Day not more distant than Ten, or sooner than Six Days, and the Clerk of the Meeting shall forthwith deliver Copies of the Lifts so made respectively, to the several Con (tables or other Persons who respectively returned the general Lifts, to be by them affixed, without Delay, on the Outside of the Door of every Church and other Place of Divine Worship in the Parish or Place to which said Lift was made, or at the usual Place or Places therein for posting Notices within such Parish or District, speofying at the Foot thereof the Day and Place appointed for the next Meeting; and that all Persons wh6 think themselves aggrieved by the Inlertion of their Names, or by the Omission of the Names of others in such Lifts, may then appeal; and that no Appeal will be a'ttrwards received.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Person who shall act as a Commissioned Officer in any Regiment, Troop, or Company in His Majesty's other Foroes, or in any of His Majesty's Castlesor Forts, nor any Non commissioned Officer or Private Man serving in any of His Majesty's Forces, nor any Commissioned Officer serving or who has ftrvtd Four Years in the Militia, nor any Person enrolled iu any Troop or Company of Yeomanry, who shall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer of such Troop or Company, that he bas punctually attended the Exercise of the Troop or Company to which he belongs, for Three Months, immediately preceding the Day on which he shall have been ballotted to serve in the Militia, according to the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops, or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland, nor any Person being a Member of the University, nor any Clergyman or Licensed Teacher of any separate Congregation, nor any Justice of Peace, Constable, or other Peace Officer, nor any articled Clerk, Apprentice, Seaman, or Seafaring Man, nor any

1 i 4 Ptrfoa

New Lifts in the Room of tufts loft, &c*

Settling Lifts of Name* at Sub-divlfien Meetings.

Personi exempted from serving in the Militia.

Hearing of Appeals anil coriedling Lifts.

A»n«al Return «f lifts to Privy Council.

General Meeting for apportioning Numbers on Psxilhes.

C. 120. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Person dome Doty in His Majesty's Ordnance for the Service thereof, Or at any Magazine or other Storehouse belonging to His Majesty, or under the Dirr&; ons of the Board of Ordnance, nor any poor Mao not worth Ten Pounds in Goods or Chattels, or who does not pay Five Pounds a Year Rent in the Whole for Lands, Tenements, and Cottake or Crophold, for the Crop or by the Year, who has more than Three Children born in Wedlock, living and under the Age of Fourteen, shall be liable to serve personally or provide a Substitute, according to the Directions of this Act; and no Person having fervtd personally or by Substitute in any Regiment or Battalion of Militisu shall be obliged to serve again until by Rotation it shall come to his Turn; but no Person who has fervtd only as a Substitute shall, by such Service, be exempted from serving again if he shall be chosep by Ballot.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That at every Sub-division Meeting for hearing Appeals, the Persons prt Tiding shall inquire upon Oath into the Allegation of every Person who shall appear personally to support his Appeal, or on whose Behalf, if he shall be tick or absent, an Appeal shall be brought, which Oath they or any of them gre hereby empowered to administer; and they shall strike out of the Lift every Person who shall appear to them to be unfit to serve, or tQ be legally exempted from serving, and they shall likewise insert in such Lift the Name of any Person who it shall appear to them ought to be inserted therein, and shall have been omitted; and they shall forth, with return to the Clerk of the General Meeting a Certificate under their Hands of the Number of Men contained in the Lift of every Parish or Place after such Amendment thereof, for the Use of the General Meeting; and they shall likewise send to the Clerk of the Peace a full and accurate Copy of every such amended Lift, under their Hands and Seals, countersigned by the Clerk of the Meeting, to be by him filed and kept among the Records of the County, which Copy shall be of equal Authenticity for every lawful Purpose respecting the Militia, and of all Proceedings and Acts to be done under this or any Act for raising, embodying, or regulating, or otherwise respecting the Militia, as the Original, in case the Original shall bq loft, effaced, orraiflaid.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Custos Rotulorum, or Senior Governor in case of the Absence of the Custos Rotulorum, of every County, shall ^pd he is herthy required to transmit to His Majesty's Privy Council annually, as soon alter the Returns of Men shall have been made to the General Meetings as the same can be <lone, an Account in Writing of the true State of the Number of Persons fit apd liable to serve in the Militia for such County, in the Form of Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That a General Meeting of the Governors and Deputy Governors of every County respectively, shall be summoned by the Clerk of the General Meetings immediately on his receiving such Certificates or any of them, to be held withiq Seven Days thereafter, and not sooner than Four Days, for the Purpose of apportioniqg {he Number of Militia Men to he raided on the several Sub-divisions, Parishes, or Plages* and the Persons who shall preside at such General or other Meeting, shall appoint what Number of Men shall be the Quota or Proposition for each Parish or Place to furnish or keep supplied to the Militia of the County, County

A.D. 1899. 49° GEO. III. Caw

of a City, or District, apportioning the whole Number of the Militia* Non-commissioned Officers, and Drummers included* as nearly as may he, to the Numbers contained in the certified Lifts of each Parish or '

Place, and the Clerk of such Meeting shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the several Sub-divisional Clerks, who shall enter and file the same for the Use of their respective Sub-divisions, and he shall also give a Copy thereof, signed by hiroself, to the Clerk of the Peace, to be by him filed and kept among the Records of such County; and such General Meeting shall appoint Meetings to be held in the several Sub-divisions for the Purpose of choosing by Ballot the Number of Persons to be furnished from each Sub-division to the Militia.

C. And be it enacted, That the Governor or Governors with the Apportionment Deputy Governors of any County, or a competent Number of them may be altered* assembled at any General Meeting, may alter the Allotment of the Number of Men to be raised in each respective Barony, Parish, or other Division to ftrve in the Militia, whenever it shall appear to them'that any such Allotment is injurious to any Barony, Parish, or other DiviGon.

CL. And be it further enacted, That at every Sub-divisional Notice of Meeting so to be he Id for ballot ting, whether the same be for forming Time lor Appeal, any Regiment or Battalion, or for supplying any Deficiency of Men, or filling up any Vacancy or Vacancies therein, the Person or Persons presiding at such Divisionai Meeting shall forthwith cause the Number of Men which each Parish or Place ought then to furnisti, to be forthwith chosen by Bailot, in Manner following; that is to say, the Names of all Persons contained in the aforesaid Lift for such Parish or Place shall be fairly written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being as near as may be of equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, and put into a Box, Case, or Bag, by the Clerk, and'.hereout the Names shall be impartially drawn by One of the Persons presiding, or some indifferent Person, until the whole Number which such Parish or Place ought then to furnifti shall be drawn; and the Person or Persons presiding at such Sub divisionai Meeting shall appoint another Meeting of the Sub-division, to be held within Seven and not sooner than Four Days, and shall cause Notice thereof to be given to each Person drawn by the Bailot, requiring him to appear at such other Meeting, and shew Cause, if any he can, why he should be excused, or there to enrol himself or produce a Efficient Substitute, who shall be approved of or enrolled, such Notice to be left at his Place of Abode Two Day8 at the least before the Day of his Appearance, or in case he shall have no Place of Abode, or the same cannot be discovered, such Notice to be affixed on the Door of the Church and other Places of Divine Worftiip, and in all Places where Notices are usually polled in such Distridi or Parish, Two Days at least before the Day for his Appearance; and if he shall not appear, and Proof shall be made upon Oath of such Notice having been given or affixed, and no sufficient Cause on Oath shall be given for his not appearing, or if he shall not be excused when he shall so appear, or produce a Substitute as aforesaid, " he shall be adjudged liable to serve, and serve accordingly.

CII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to any Sureties for Jaitice of the Peace, Governor, or Deputy Governor, that any Person Appearancsof drawn by a Ballot is not a Leffec of any Land or Lands, or House, ballotted in the Sub-division, in which he shall be drawn, for Years or for ^erfoni'

Jdfe pr Lives, it shall be lawful for him to issue his Warrant for

bringing

49*

*th of ballot ted Man.

C.I20.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

bringing such Person before him, and to bind him, together with One fumcient Surety, in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, for his Appearance at the next Sub-divisional Meeting, atfd from Meeting to Meeting, until he shall be discharged or enrolled 5 and if he shall refuse to be so bound, or shall neglect to find such Surety, such Justice is hereby required to order the Clerk of the Sub-division to enrol his Name, and he shall be delivered over without Delay to the

n Officer of the Militia, to serve for such Term as a Man drawn Hot shall be bound to serve: Provided, always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any such Person from having or taking the Benefit of any Exemption or Appeal to which he may by Law be entitled.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person so chosen by Ballot who shall so appear at such Meeting, and shall not be excused or provide a Substitute, shall there take the following Oath; that is to say,

I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear, That I will be faithful and

bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George; and 1 do swear,

that I will faithfully serve in the Militia of Ireland in the

Regiment [or Battalion] during the Term of Five Years, unless I

shall be sooner discharged.*

And that every Substitute and every Volunteer, and every Man who shall be raised by any Parish Assessment in Manner directed by this Act, who shall so appear at such Meeting, or who may be at aBy Time enlided to serve in such Militia, shall take the following Oath $ that is to say,

Oath of

substitute or Volunteer.

Providing Substitutes, who fluII take the Oath before required.

I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear. That I will be faithful

and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, and I

do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the Militia of Irtlar.d> in the Regiment [or Battalion] during the Term of

4 Five Years; and also for such further Time as the said Regiment

ipr Battalion] shall remain embodied for Service, if at the Expirauon of Five Years the said Regiment [or Battalion] shall be so embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

And every such Person shall be enrolled in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose, to serve in the Militia of the said County or City as a Militia Man accordingly; and that in the Certificate of such Attestation the Day of the Month when such Oath was administered shall be specified in Words, and not in Figures, and that if any such Attestation shall be antedated, the Person knowingly antedating the same shall, if an Officer, be cashiered, and if a Migitlrate or Deputy Governor shall became liable to and incur the rcuaity of Fifty Pounds on Conviction thereof.

CIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person so chosen by Ballot shall procure and produce for his Substitute a Man able and fit for Service, and who shall be approved of by the said Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, or any Three or more of them, such Substitute so produced and approved shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia of such County or City as a private Militia Man for the Space of Five Years, and also for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if at the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years, the Regiment or Battalion to which

49*

A.D. 1809. 49° Geo. III. C. 120.

such Man shall belong shall be on Service out of such County or City* and such Substitute shall take the Oath herein-before appointed to be taken by a Substitute or Volunteer 5 and any Person so chosen by Ballot for whom such Substitute shall have been so produced, enrolled, and (worn as aforesaid, shall be exempted from Service in the Militia, in the same Manner as if he himself had served according to the Directions of this Act: Provided that no Person who shall be hereafter enrolled in the said Militia, whether as a ballotted Man or Substitute or Volunteer, shall be deemed to be fully approved of, so as to exonerate the Person or Persons, District or Dili rids bound to provide such Man, or to entitle such Man to receive the Second Instalment of foa Bounty if a Volunteer, unless and until such Appro* bation shall be exprtfitd by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion, or some proper Officer by him appointed5 and also by some Person or Persons duly appointed or authorised by or under the Army Medical Board to hold a medical inspection on such Person*

CV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That when it shall appear to the Governor or Governors, and Deputy Governors, or any of them, who shall be assembled and competent to prtfide at any Sub-division Meeting, that any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia is unable by any Infirmity, or not being of the Htighth of Five Feet Two Inches, or is otherwise unfit for Service, it shall be lawful for the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors so assembled, and they are hereby required to discharge such Person, and immediately to amend the Lift for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, by sinking his Name out of the same, and cause another Person to be chosen in his Stead by Bailot, according to the Directions sof this Act.

CVI. And for the ascertaining what Numbers may be actually serving for any particular Parish or Place in Cases where a Ballot is 1 to be held for filling up Vacancies, or in any other Cases 59 Be it enacted, That every Commanding Officer of a Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall, within Seven Days after the First Day of October in each and every Year and as often as he shall be required so to do by the Governors or Deputy Governors at any General Meeting, send to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County or County of a City, to which his Regiment or Battalion belongs, a full and accurate Account of the Names of all Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Privates, serving at the Time in his Regiment or Battalion, specifying the several Parishes or Places for wh ch each Man serves, or is fee down to serve, as far as it has come to his Knowledge; which Ltd shall, by the Clerk of the General Meetings, be filed and preserved for the Use of the Governor or Deputy Governors.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That the Persons who shall preside at any General or other Meeting which shall be held by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of apportioning the Militia, shall set down to the Credit of each Parish or Place all such Men in the said Account, as by such Account or by other sufficient Documents shall appear to be serving for the same; and that the remaining Men shall be divided by Lot among the several Parishes and Places aforesaid, within the County, or County of a City or Town, in Manner following.; that is to say, the Person presiding at such Meeting shall

3 cause

Men broiled shall not be deemed Militia Men until approved by the Colonel, Sec. and Surgeons*

Discharging of Persons infirm, See.

although

ballotted*

Returns to

Clerks of Peace by Commanding Officer of the State of the Regiment,

How Men shall be set down to Credit of each Parish, &c. by Bailot, See.

4p* C. 120. 49 GEO. HE A.D. 1809.

cause the Names of all the Men so remaining in the said Lift, after all such Credit being given, to be fairly written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being as near as may be all of equal Size, and rolled in the same Manner, to be put into a Box; and they shall also cause the Names of the several Parities or Places on which any Appointment shall have been made, of the Number of Men to be turnished to the Militia, fairly written on distirft Pieces of Parchment or Paper, being as near as may be all of equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, to be put into another Box, and they or he, as the Case may be, shall cause One indifferent Person, publickly and fairly to draw a Roil out of one Box, and One other indifferent Person to draw in like Manner a Roll out of the other Box, and the Name of the Person so drawn out of the one Box shall be immediately set do vn to the Credit of the Parish or Place so drawn out of the other Box, and the Roll containing the Name of such Parish or Place shall aga n be returned into its Box. rolled up in like Manner aa before, and lo the said drawing of the Rolls shall be continued by drawing one o. t of each Box at a Time, always (baking each Box before each Draw, ing, until all the Names contained in the Firil Box shall be completely drawn and set down to the Credit of the Parish or Place respectively with which they shall be drawn: Provided always, that (o soon during such Drawing as there shall be let down to the Credit altogether of any Pari Hi or Place the fuil Number of the Quota it is to furnish its Name shall not be again put into the Box until the whole of the Drawing shall be over.

Notice of Quotas CVIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Number

and Ballots to of Men to be raised from each particular Parish or Place shall be

Ckrk^Vl^0na^ ascertained as aforesaid, the Clerk «of the General Meetings shall fend

1.Notice to every Sub-divisional Clerk of the Quota or Proposition

of Men which each Parish or Place in his Sub-division is to furnish to the Militia; and shall fend a Copy of the Names of the several Men set down to the Credit of each such Parish or Place, specifying of-pofite to each Name the di(lin& Cause of such Credit; and every Sub-divisional Clerk shall respectively lay such Copy before the Sbb-divisional Meeting which shall next meet ior the Purpose of taking a Ballot.

Vacancies shall CIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Vacancy or be supplied out Vacancies shall happen in the Regiment or Battalion of Militia for any of exiiting Lifts. County or.County of a City, or Town, by D, -ath, Desertion, or lawful Discharge, and it shall not be provided by Law, or directed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, that the same shall be 6iied by enrolling Volunteers, the Clerk of the Peace shall, within Seven Days after he shall receive an Account thereof under the Hand of the Officer commanding the Regiment or Battalion, give Notice thereof to the Clerk of the Sub-division in which the Parish or Place where the Person or Persons who has or have occasioned such Vacancy or Vacancies shall have been respectively set down to serve for is situated, and such Clerk shall summon a Sub-divisional Meeting to be held within Seven Days, to provide a Man or Men to serve in his or their Room, and a Man or Meu shall at every such Meeting be chosen by Bailot, to be held in Manner hereinbefore prescribed; and in case any Deserter shall at any Time return to his Regiment or Battalion, or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. III. C. ltd.

49$

any Person shall so have been chosen in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same Manner and for the said Term as if no Person bad been so chosen in his Room.

CX. And be it further enacted, That if through the Neglt ft of Amendment of Mi flake of any Chief or High Constable, Constable, or other Person, Lifts, and or from any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed for any further Bailot, Sub-division should not be duly enrolled at any Meeting appointed for that Purpose, then the Governor or Governors, and Deputy Governors, or any Two or more of them, may and are hereby required immediately to cause the L'ft to be amended, and to proceed to a fresh Bailot, and to adjourn their Meeting or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending of the Lifts as often as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the PurpoGs of this Act duly and fully into Execution; and it shall be lawful for any One Governor or Deputy Administering Governor to administer the Oath herein before required to be taken Otthto by Persons to serve in the Militia, to any Person ballotted for under Militia Man, the Dinftions of this Act, or to any Person who, being qualified as this Act requires, shall offer to serve as a Substitute or Volunteer; and such Governor or Deputy Governor is hereby authorised to direct and require the Clerks of the Sub-division for which every such Person by whom the said Oath has been taken before him is to serve, to enrol the Name of every such Person, together with the Date of the Day on which the said Oath was so administered to him, in the Roll of fuen Sub-division.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Sub-divisioti Sub-divisional Meetings shall, as soon as the Militia Men are enrolled. Clerks shall transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and to the Colonel of Lift* of

Commanding Officer, a List, foecify'ng the Names and Trades and aUMeaeurolUd. Places of Abode of all such Militia Men a3 are enrolled; and where there are Substitutes, the Names, Trades, and Places of Abode of the Persons in the Room of whom they were enrolled as Substitutes, in the Form in Schedule C. to this Act annexed.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person chosen by PerfoxB Billot to serve in the Militia shall be liable to such Service, although removing, &c. he may have removed from the P.ace where his Name was inserted |hdl fanre foe in the Lift, provided he was residing in such Place at the Time when the Lift was according to the Directions of this Act prepared 5 1

and every Perton liable to ierve in the Militia having more than One Place of Rtlidence, shall serve for the County or Place where his N-ime shall be first drawn, as aforesaid.

CXIII.*And, to prevent the Militia Service from suffering by ballotted Mtn not appealing pursuant to Notice as aforesaid; Be it enacted, That on the Non appearance of* any Person drawn by Where ballotted Bdlot as aforesaid. Notice having been given or affixed as aforesaid, Man does not and no Substitute as aforesaid being produced, the Person or Persons appear, another presiding shall immediately proceed to choose another to serve in his be chafeu. Phce, and so from Time to Time on every Day appointed for the Appearance of the Person so drawn not appearing until a sufficient Man shall be enrolled.

CXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person Blotted Man chosen at any Time by Ballot as aforesaid, who shall not by virtue of* appearing this Act be excused from serving or produce a Substitute, which

Substitute shall be approved of and enrolled, who shall not immediately e e*enrol himself and join the Regiment* or Battalion, shall be liable to

feive,

m

Blotted Man ikiling at firfti to appear, may rive Surety to serve on next Vacancy.

(mbit forties not appearing shall repay Money received, with Twenty Shillings Penalty.

Penalty on Tenons refuting to pay their Snbilitutes, 5l.

C.I40. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

f<rve, not with Banding another Person may have been chosen in hi* Room; and it shall be lawful for any Magistrate to issue his Warrant for apprehending him in the Manner and with like Authority as for apprehending a Dcfcrtcr, and upon Conviction upon Oath before any Magistrate that such Person was ballotted to serve in the Militia, and not excused, he shall be fined in the Sum of Five Pounds, and in case of Non-payment thereof, the same may be levied by Distress of his Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Magistrate, or he may be committed to the Common Gaol of the County if he shall be apprehended, there to remain for the Space of Six Months, or until the Commanding Officer shall desire that he may be sent to the Regiment or Battalion, and the like Reward shall be paid for apprehending him as for apprehending a Deserter, and he shall be deemed a Deserter, and suffer as such-

CXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person fp drawn by Bailot, and failing to appear, shall afterwards voluntarily appear at a Time when the Militia is complete, he shall be immediately enrolled, and shall be bound in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and shall find a sufficient Surety to be bound in the Sum of Ten Pound# for his Appearance, and joining the Militia whenever there shall be a Vacancy, or he shall be required by the Commanding Officer or Cler& of the Sub-division to join, and his Time of Service shall commence from the Day of his joining; and if he shall so fail to bind himself, or to find such Surety, he shall be committed by any Magistrate, Governor, or Deputy Governor, to the Common Gaol of the County, there to remain until he shall be sent to the Regiment or Battalion (p serve therein as aforesaid.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall receive Money from any other Person to serve as a Volunteer or Substitute in the Militia as aforesaid, and shall neglect to appear at the usual Meeting appointed for swearing the Militia Men, or before some Governor or Deputy Governor, in order to be fwprn according to the Directions of this Act, every such Person so neglecting to appear and be sworn, being convicted thereof before any Governor or Deputy Governor, shall be obliged to return the Money to the Person or Persons from whom he received it, and shall also forfeit and pay tp such Person or Persons any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Governor or Deputy Governor, before whom he shall be so convicted; and if such Offender shall not immediately return the Money so by him received as aforesaid, and like wife pay the said Penalty, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the Space of Three Months, or until the same Sum shall be paid.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, shall have engaged any other Person to serve as his Substitute, and the Person so chosen by Ballot shall have agreed to pay to the Person so engaged a certain Sum for such Services, and shall after such Substitute has been enrolled refuse to pay him the full Suer, agreed on, it shall and may be lawful for any Governor or Deputy Governor, or Justice of the Peace, on Application made to him, and such Governor, Deputy Governor, or Jultipe U hereby required to order such Sum of Money as shall appear to him to be due to the Person so engaged, to be immediately paid to him by the Person or Persons by or Tgv whom be shall be eRgftgM* io.forv*

as

G( ^le

496

A.D. 1do> 49° GEO. III. C*no.

as aforesaid $ and in case of his refusing or needing so to do, to forfeit the Sum of Fire Pounds, and alto the Sum engaged to be paid to the Substitute, the same to be levied by Warrant tinder the Hand and Seal of any Governor or Deputy Governor, or Justice of the Peace, off the Goods and Chattels of such Person so engaging such Substitute.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being fwoin and enrolled to serve as a ballotted Man, Substitute, or Volunteer in the Militia, shall afterwards desert or absent himself from the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, every such Person shall be liable to, and shall serve as a Militia Man in such Regiment or Batta'ion for and during the full Term for which he shall be enrolled, to be computed from the Day on which he shall be apprehended. and shall also be subject to such other Penalty or Punishment as shall be inflicted upon him for such Offence by virtue of this Act; and the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion shall cause Notice to be given to the Clerk of the Sub division for which such Person was enrolled, of the Day on which he was apprehended; and such Clerk shall make aa Entry on the Roll of the Militia of the Name of such Person, and also of the Time of his being so apprehended.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being one of the Persuasion called Quakers, shall be chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, and shall rciufe or negltd to appear and take the Oath and serve in the Militia, or provide a Substitute to be approved of as aforesaid, who shall take the Oath and subscribe his Consent to serve as the Substitute of such Quaker, then and in every such Case, any Two or more Governors or Deputy Governors shall, if they shall think proper, upon as reasonable Terms as may be, provide and hire a fit Person to serve as a Substitute for such Quaker, and such Substitute shall take the Oath herein prescribedtor a Substitute, and subscribe his Consent to serve in the Militia for the same Term, and on the same Conditions as are herein-before dirtded in the Case of Substitutes produced by Perfooschofen by Bailot; and any Three or more Governors cr Deputy Governors may and are hereby authorised by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Quaker, such Sum of Money as shall be necessary to defray the Expence of providing and hiring such Substitute, rendering to such Quaker the Overplus (if any) after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and if no Goods or Chattels belonging to such Quaker can be found sufficient to levy such Distress, and it shall nevertheless appear satisfactorily to such Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, that such Quaker is of sufficient Ability to pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, then it shall be lawful for such Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, to commit such Quaker to the Common Gaol, there t« remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Months, or until he shall have paid such Sum of Money as such Governor or Governor?, or Deputy Governors shall have agreed to pay to such Substitute as aforesaid; and in case any Measure shall be used in making Distress as aforesaid which (bay be by any such Quaker thought opprdfive, it shall be lawful for such Quaker to complain to the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, at their next Meeiing, who are hereby

Substitotee deferring shall, if retaken, serve

their fall Period.

Substitute* {hag be provided for Quakers;

levying the Expence on Quaker's Goods, Sec.

Appeals by Quakers to Governors.

496

Demands on Quakers under this Act shall be made Separately from other Demands.

Fraudulent Apprentices compellable to Serve.

Justice of Peace may settle Recompence tD Matters in case of Servants enrolling into Militia.

C.lio. 49* GE(3. HE A.O.1809I

hereby empowered and required finally to hear and determine the same.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where under this Act any Person, being one of the Persuasion of the People called Quaker*, shall be required to pay any Sum of Money to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, either by the Warrant of any Governor or Deputy Governor as aforesaid, or by the Warrant of the Treasurer of any County, City, or Town, in consequence of any Presentment of any Grand Jury, or otherwise, the Demand for such Sum of Money to be applied to the Purposes of this Act shall be made upon such Quaker (if required so to be by such Quaker) separate and dfftinft from any other Demand to which fuel* Quaker may be liable, and shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Quaker, separately and distinctly from any other Sum or Sums of Money to the Payment of which such Quaker may be liable under or by virtue of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, shall at any of their Sub-division Meetings receive Information, or shall suspect that any Person whose Name is inserted in any List, and described as an Apprentice, has been fraudulently bound Apprentice in order to avoid serving in the Militia, it shall be lawful for them to make Inquiry thereof, and to fumiro such Persons as they shall think necessary to appear before them at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, and examine such Persons upon Oath 5 and in case it shall appear that such Binding was fraudulent, in order to avoid fervingr in the Militia* it shall be lawful for such Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, to appoint such Person so fraudulently bound Apprentice to serve as a Militia Man for the Parish or Place for which such Lift shall have been returned, if there shall be a Vacancy, and if there shall be no Vacancy at that Time, such Person shall be immediately enrolled, and shall be bound in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and shall find a sufficient Surety to be bound in the Sum of Ten Pounds for his Appearance, and joining the said Militia whenever there shall be a Vacancy, or whenever he shall be required by the Commanding Officer or Clerk of the Sub-division to join j and his Time of Service shall commence from the Day of his joining; and if he shall fail to bind himself, er to find such Surety, he shall be committed by any Magistrate, Governor, or Deputy Governor, to the Common Gaol of the County, there to remain until he shall be sent to the Regiment or Battalion to serve therein; and the Person to whom such Apprent'ce shall have been so bound shall for such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatsoever hired by the Year or otherwise shall be enrolled as a Militia Man, and any Dispute shall arise between his Master and Mistress, Employer or Employers, and such Servant, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant, for or on account of his Service performed before the Time of such Swearing or Enrolment, or to such Time as under the Conditions of the said Swearing and Enrolling he shall be obliged to quit the Service of his said Master or Miltress, by being called out to join the Militia in which he shall have been

C. 120.

497

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III.

sworn and enrolled, it shall and may be lawful, on the Complaint made thereof within Three Months from the Time of quitting the said Service to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or P»ace where such Matter, Mistress, Employer or Employers shall inhabit, for fuel*. Justice to hear and determine every such C >mp'aint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or any other Witness or Witr.esses touching the same, and to make such Order for the Payment of Inch Wages to such Servait, in proposition to the Service he has pe formed, as to such Justice shall seem ^just and reasonable, provided the*Sum in question docs not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case of Refusal or Omission to pay any Sums so ordered by the Space of Twenty-one Days next after such Determination, such Justice shall and may issue forth his or their Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Matter or Mi it Ms, Employer or Employers, rendering the Overolus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges Of such Distress and Srle.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Militia Man, after having been sworn and enrolled, shall become unfit for Service, it shall be lawful for the Colonel or Commaacting Officer of any Regiment or Bvttabon to which such Militia Man Avail belong, together with Two or more Deputy Governors of the County to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, if the said Regiment cr Battalion shall be then wirh'n the said County, or for the said Commanding Oftt er aLne, by the Ordrr of the Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in Ireland> if the said Regiment or Battalion shall be absent from such County or County of a City, to discharge any such Militia Man from such Regiment or Battalion: Provided always, that no Man lhatt be ballotted for to supp'y the Vacancy caused by any Man being so discharged, until such Dlfchcrge shall be approved by the Depute Governors, at a Meeting for the Subdivision for which such Man lo discharged was enrolled; and such Approbation shall be entered and recorded in the Proceedings of such Subdivillon Meeting.

CXXIV. And Whereas may be more eligible that the necessary

Number of Men for any f\»r(h or Fiace, either at forming any ' Regiment or Battalion, or for supplying any Vacancy or Vacancies

therein, shou d be raised by Means of Assessment than by Ballot f Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parish in Ireland, having one or more Churchwarden or Churchwardens, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ signified by his or their Chief Secretary, at a Vestry Meeting to be held for that Purpose of which S.-ven Days Publick Notice shall be given, speeifying the Cause of calling such Meeting, and which Meeting every Churchwarden of such Parish is hereby severally required to summoti, to order to be levied by Assessment upon the Parish such Sums as they shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the Average Price of a Substitute (such Average Price to be fixed in Manner herein after mentioned) for every Man directed to be raised as the Quota of such Parish, and to apply the same as they shall think fit for providing a sufficient Number of Men to serve aa SubstitUtes or Volunteers for such Parish, according to the Quota fp to be raised in such Parish as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the

49 Geo. III. ]v k said

Discharging Men from Regiments when unfit for Service.

Lord Lieutenant may authorize Vestry AfT-H-ments for raising Men.

49*

Fixing Price for Pubftitntes,

according to Limitation by Lord Lieutenant.

Volunteer Subltittnes procured shall lie enrolled.

C.I30. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

said Inhabitants at the said Vestry Meeting, to appoint one or more Person or Persons to direct and superinterd the Application of such Sum for such Purposes, pursuant to the Order of such Vestry y and all such Sums shall be forthwith raised and levied in like Manner, and by all such Means, Powers, Authorities, and Persons, and with all such Remedies, in case of any Refusal or O r..flion to pay the same, as any Parish Cess may by Law be raised and levied in Ireland, the Overplus (if any) or such Part as may from any Reason remain undisposed of to be applied to any such parochial Purposes to which a Parish Cess may by Law be applied, as the Vessry of such Parish shall at any future Meeting to be called for that Purpose direct.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors of each Courty or City, or such of them as shall duly preside at any General Meeting to be holder) as herein-before directed for the Purposes of this Act, shall, whenever they shall think proper fa to do, fix and declare what in their Judgement shall appear to them to be a fair and reasonable Sum to be paid as the avtrage Price of a Substitute or Volunteer in the said Militia; and such Sum so fixed and declared shall be and continue to be the average Price of such Substitutes for such County or City, until the same shall be otherwise ordered at any subsequent Meeting: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, whenever he or they shall think proper so to do, to fix and ascertain, either generally or for any particular County, or County of a City or Town, any Sum or Sums as a Limit or Limits above which resptdwely such Average shall not be made.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens or any Inhabitant of such Parish shall and may produce such Substituus or Volunteers so provided as aforesaid, before any Deputy Governor of the Subdivision, at any Time on or previous to the Day appointed for'choosing the Men by Ballot in such Subdivion in pursuance of this Act, and that it shall and may be lawful for any Pci Tons to provide Volunteers to serve for any Subdivision, or any of the Dittr&a therein, and to produce such Volunteers, or for any Persons willing to serve to offer themselves to serve for any such Division, ar d to apoear before any such Deputy Governor within such Time and at such Place as aforesaid; and every Person so produced or appearing, who shall be approved of by the said Deputy Governors as aforesaid, shall and may be enrolled to serve as one of the Quota of such Parish or Division; and such Deputy Governor before whom any such Volunteer shall be enrolled, shall cause the Clerks of the Meetings for the respective Subdivisions to enrol the Names of all such Volunteers as shall be so entered within the respective Subdivision?, before the Time appointed for ballotting the Men within the same; provided however, that if the full Quota then required to be raised shall not be raised by the Ways aforesaid, or by any of them, in or for any such Parish or Subdivision, by or before the Time appointed for ballotting for such Parish or Division, the Men that shall have been so raised (if any) shall be deemed and taken as Part of the Quota of such Parish or Division, and the Ballot shall proceed for the Residue of such Quota*

CXXVII. And Whereas by reason of certain Districts in the County of Dublin being Extra»parochial, and also because certain

Parts of the said County have been put unde* the Regulations

3. 5 and.

499

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 120.

and Assessments of the Paving Board, and are thereby exonerated

from paying Grand Jury Cess for the Repair of the Highways in

the said County, such Affrffraents cannot he made therein in Manner aforesaid for the raising the Number of Men allotted to such District and Places to serve as S lbstitutes in the Militia of the said

County: And Whereas linrlar Difficulties occur in different Places

and Parish?* in Ireland, by reason of such Places being Extra-Parochial, or such Parishes not having any Churchwardens or regular

Vestry therein, or otherwise Be it therefore enacted, That in every such Case the Treasurer of the County or County of a City shall make out and deliver to any refidtr.t Inhabitant or Inhabitants of such Town, Parish, or Place respectvcly, his Warrants for raising from the Inhabitants th^reo1 respectively the Sums necessary for procuring the Number oi Substitutes 'cquired of such Diilri&3 or Places relp-ftively, at the said average Price thereof; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said refidin^ Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or any of them, w; thin Three Diys of the Time of serving the said Warrant, to cause to b? polled on the D >or of the Church of such Parish or of any Parish adjoining to such Place, a Notice, requiring at a Time and PBce to be therein mentioned, not more than Five nor less than Three Day* from the putting of such Notice, a Meeting of such P. rfous within such District, Place, or Parish, who would be entitled to compose a Vestry, if any such there were, or if such Vestry were to meet therein, and to direct them to appoint Applotters to applot on the whole of such Place or Parish (whether under the Regulations of the Paving Board if in the County of Dublin or not) the Sum so required to be levied by said Warrant, such Applotment to be levied in the Manner in which Parish Ceffes are applotted, and also to appoint any Person or Persons to superintend the Application of the Sums so to b? raised, and to return the said Applotment within Ten Days from the Date of the said Notice to the said Treasurer; and in case such Applotment shall not be made and delivered to the said Treasurer, or in case such Person or Persons shall not be so nominated to superintend the Application of the Sums so to be raised* within the aforesaid Time, then and in either of such Cases it shall and may be lawful for the said Treasurer to direct and authorize any Person whom he Hull think proper to make such Applotment himself, in like Manner as ahvesaid, and to verify the same by Oath before any Magistrate of said County, that the same was made to the belt of his Skill and Knowledge; and it shall also be lawful for the said Treasurer to appoint such Person or Persons as he shall think proper to superintend the Application of the Sums to be levied; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person duly authorised by the said Treasurer to levy the same, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons liable to pay the said Assessments, whether the Applotment shall have been made by the Person appointed at such Meeting or by any Person appointed by the said Treasurer as aforesaid; and in case any Part of any Sum so raised shall by any Means remain unapplied to the said Purposes, the same shall be placed by the said Treasurer to the Credit of such Place, as an Advance oa account of any future publick Ctfs, and in case any of the said Persons respectively shall refuse or neglect to perform all and every Matter required hereby*' tack of them so offending shall be subject to a Penalty of One hundred

Assessment* for

such 1'urjjofes in Extra-parochial Places, &c.

foo

Applotment of such Affe Aments.

Copies of Assessments.

Lord Lieutenant may allow Militia to be raised or supplied by Volunteers.

Lord Lieutenant may order Commanders of Regiments to

receive Volun*

C. 12cr. 49 GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record in Dublin.

CXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall appear fitting to the G overnors and Deputy Governors of any such County at a G neral Meeting duly r.ffc robltd, thry mav by Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, direct the said Treasurer to divide the Sum so apolnttrd to be levied at Two distintt Periods within the Year, such Periods to be regulated according to the Times that the County Crfs is usually collected and levied v and in Cases where Houks or Buildings have been er-£Ld on the whole or any Part of the several Par fh: S, Diliri&s, or P aces in the County of Dublin, which have been laid out f-'r the building of Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, or Publick Passages, the Aoplotters, or the Person so appointed by the Tre*!urer, as the Case mav he, are hereby required to applot a prop rtionable Part of the Sura to be collect: d for the said Purpose on the said Houses and Buildings, at a Rate not exceeding Two Shillings for every F: ve Pounds that they may estimate the said Houfts or Buildings to be worth annually.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Cieiks of all Sub-divisional Meetings shall, within Eight Days after every Subdivision Meeting, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County, fair and tmj Copies of such Rolls as shall be signed at such Meeting, and the other Proceedings thereof.

CXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be necessary to raise Men for the said Mi'itia, or for any of the said Regiments or Battalions thereof, not exceeding the original Numbers required by this Act, either at the forming thereof, or to fill any Vacancy or Vacancies, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to direct and appoint by any Order or Proclamation to be issued for that Purpose, that the necessary Number of Men, either for the whole, or any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, shall be raised by the enrolling and receiving Volunteers and every such Order or Proclamation, if not extending to the whole of the said Militia, shall specify the several Regiments or Battalions for which such Men shall be so raised, by the enrolling and receiving Volunteers.

CXXXI. And in order to carry such Order or Proclamation into 1 Effect; 7 Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or othrr Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to issue his Orders to ail or any of the several Colonels and other Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments or Battalions of Militia.in Ireland, or such of them as shall be included in such Proclamation or Order, requiring him or them, without* Delay, to proceed tonrol a certain Number of Volunteers, not exceeding in any Case the Etlabliffiments of their respective Regiments or Battalions at the Time of such Order; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to issue his Orders to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.of Ireland^ requiring them to advance from Time to Time to such Colonels or ether Commanding Officer or Officers of the different Regiments or Battalions of Militia in Ireland, such Sum or Sums of Money as may be

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.: i2o.

directed by such Order, not exceeding such Sum a« shall at such Time be fixed and declared as the average Price of a Substitute, in Manner herein-before mentioned.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That upon such Order being iffutd as aforesaid, the several Colonels or Commanding Officer or Officers of the said Regiments to whom the same shall extend, shall immediately proceed to mbit and enroll within their respective Counties or Counties of Cities such Volunteer?, being able-bodied Mm, not less than Five Feet Four inches in Height, and not more than Forty-five Years of Age, as can be procured, giving to each Man by way of B unty, any Sum not exceeding the Price of a Substitute as aforesaid*, One Half of such Bounty to be paid to every such Volunteer at the Time of his enrolling hims If in any such Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Residue thereof to be paid to every such Volunteer on his first Appearance at the Time and Place to be appointed for the assembling or exercising of the Regiment or Battalion in which such Volunteer shall be enrolled, which Sum the said Colonels or Officers are hereby authorised to advance and pay to such Volunteers in Manner aforesaid j and it is hereby declared, that the said Sum to be paid to every Mm so enrolled and enlilled is over and above and altogether distinct from the Marching Guinea to which such Man may be or become entitled.

CXXXfll. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Orders shall be issued for enrolling Volunteers, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the T me being, to issue his or their Order or Orders to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, requiring them to advance to the several Colonels or Commanding Officers of the different Regiments or Battalions of Nfditia in Ireland, for defraying the necessary Expence of procuring and enrolling such Volunteers, any further Sum or Sums of Monty which may be directed in any such Order, not exceeding the Rate of O ie P^und One Shilling for every private Man who may be from Time to Time so enrolled, over and above the Bounty and the Marching Guinea to which such Volunteer may be entitled: Provided always, that no such Volunteer shall be entitled to or receive any Part of such further Sum, nor any greater or higher Bounty than as aforesaid.

CXXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Colonel or other Commanding Officer or Officers of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, or to or for any other Person or Persons whatsoever in his or their Behalf, to advance or to engage to advance, or give any greater or larger Sum of Money than as aforesaid, or to give or protmfe, or undertake to give any other or larger Bounty or Reward than the several Sums aforesaid, for the Purpose of inducing any Man to enrol himself as a Volunteer.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Man so enrolled shall, in the Presence of some one Governor, Deputy Governor, Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate acting for the County or City to which the Regiment or Battalion in which he shall be enrolled shall belong, take and subscribe the same Oath a3 is herein-before directed to betaken by a Substitute or Volunteer m any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Colonels or other Commanding Officer or Officers shall keep or cause to be

5*01

Commanders shall proceed to raise Volunteers on Bounty,

See §125.

Lord Lieutenant may require Treasury to advance the Money for Bounty,

No greater Bounty shall be given.

Volunteers shall be sworn as Militia Men,

Colonels shall transmit Lifts of Volunteers to Chief Secret Office.

50a

C. 130.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Chief Secretary shall transmit such Lifts to Treasurers of Counties, to be by them laid before Grand Juries, and Prefcn tments of the Amount of Bounty advanced shall be made accordingly.

kept true and regular Entries of the Names, Additions, Places of Refi it nee, Parish and other Descriptions of the Persons they shall enrol as aforesaid, and the several Sums which shall have been advanced and paid to such Persons respectively, and shall transmit regular Copies of such Entries, certified by them respectively, as well as by the Adjutant and Pavmasterof the Regiment or Battalion respectively, to the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Chief Secretary shall cause Copies of the Returns of the Men thus enrolled, and the Sums advanced to such Men respectively, to be transmitted to the several and respective Treasurers for the several Counties and Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland, Ten Days at least previous to the then next ensuing General Affixes, which shall not commence within such Ten Days; or if to the Treasurer of the County and City of Dublin, within Fourteen Days previous to the then next presenting Term, which shall not commence within such Fourteen Days; and the said several Treasurers shall, and they are hereby respectively required to lay the said Returns before the Judges of Assize on the Commissio i Day of such Assizes, or in the County and City of Dublin before the Court of King's Bench, on the First Day of such Term, and before the respective Grand Juries for such Counties or Counties of Cities and Towns shall be sworn; and the said Judges or the said Court, as the Case may be, shall and they are hereby required to give the same, except as herein after excepted, in charge to the said Grand Juries, in order that the Sums thus expended may be presented and raised off the said Counties or Counties of Cities or Towns, or any Barony or Baronies, Parish or Parishes therein respectively as such Grand Juries respectively shall think proper, which fair! Presentments the said respective Grand Juries are hereby resprcU ively authorised and required to make, unless the Amount of the Sum thus to be raised shall appear to the said respective Grand Juries too large to be raised at one Assizes, or at one presenting Term, within the respective Counties or Counties of Cities or Towns, in which Case it shall and may be lawful for the said several Grand Juries, by and with the Concurrence of the Judges of the said Affixes, or the said Court, to present any Part of such Sum, not less than one Moiety thereof, at such Assizes or Terms, and the Residue shall in like Manner be given in charge and presented by the Grand Jury of such County or County of a City or Town, or Grand Juries of such respective Counties or Counties of Cities or Towns, as the Case may be, at the then next ensuing Assizes or presenting Term; and in case the Grand Jury of any County or County of a City or Town shall, after the Judges of the Court shall have given the same in charge to them, omit, neglect, or refuse to present the same, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Judges of Assize, or the Court of King's Bench respectively, and thty are hereby respectively required to order and direct the Treasurer of such County or County of a City, to include the w hole of such Sum, and return the same among the Presentments of the County, so that the same shall be raised and levied forthwith; and it shall not be lawful to traverse any such Presentment: Provided always, that within every County of a City and County of a Town all Sums so presented shall and may be raised by an Assessment on Houses and Land, according to a Valuation

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.no.

of the same respectively, in such Manner as such Grand Jury shall from Time to Time order and direct.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the federal Treasurers of the respective Counties and Counties of Cities and Towns as aforesaid, shall collect and receive the said fev?r % l Sums, and shall forthwith pay the same to the Collector of Excise for such County or County of & City or Town; or in case there shall be in any County Two or more Districts, with Two or more Collr&ors respectively, or Parts of such Diliridts, then to the Colli A >r of that Part of such County in which the County Town is situate: and every such Collector shall, and he is hereby required to give a Receipt for all Sums of Money that shall be so paid to him as aforesaid, and such Receipt shall be lodged among the Records of such County, and shall be a Discharge and Acquittance to such Comity for all such Mvi as (ha-1 bt so raised, for the Time for which they shall be so enrolled to serve as aforesaid, unless Vacancies shall occur by Death, Desertion, or lawful Discharge,

CXXXIX. And Whereas several Regiments and Battalions of

Militia have been augmented in Manner herein-Sefore mentioned, to the Establishm^nt of One Hundred Rank and File per Company,

with the nfual Proposition of Commissioned and Non-commissioned

Officers, and the Residue of the said Regiments and Battalions,

or any of them, may hereafter be so augmented; Be it enacted, That whenever any Vacancy or Vacancies shall occur by Death, Desertion, or lawful Discharge, in any Regiment or Battalion which shall have been or shall be so augmented, during the Continuance of such Augmentation, such Vacancies shall from T'.me to Time be filled up by enrolling Volunteers, and not by ballotting, and for that Purpose it shall and may he lawful for the several Colonels or Commanding Officers of such Regiments to procure and enrol Volunteers to fill up such Vacancies, and to make Returns in Manner h^rein-before directed, which Returns shall be f nt and given in Charge to the several Grand Juries respectively in Manner aforesaid, and the several Grand Juries of the Counties or Counties of Citiep, at the respective ensuing Affixes pr presenting Term, shall thereupon present such Sum of Money as shall be sufficient to reimburse and repay Seven Tenth Parts of the Money Tq advanced, at the Rate aforesaid, under the Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, for the procuring and enrol.ing such Volunteers to supply such Vacancies, or in default of such Presentment the Judge of Assize or the Court shall order and direct the Treasurer of the County, or County of the City, to include such Sum, and return the same among the Preferments thereof, so that the same shall be raised and levied forthwith; and every such Sum shall be levied, collected, and received by the Treasurers of the Counties or Counties of Cities, and paid by them to the Cdhftors of Excise, in like Manner as is herein-before dirt died with resp<& to the other Sums directed to be presented, levied, collected, and paid, under the Authority of this Act: Provided always, that in any County, County of a City or Town, where the Militia Men serving fh^H have been or shall be apportioned in Manner herein-before directed. among the several Parishes and Distridfcs, it shall and may be lawful to proceed from Time to Time by Ballot, for the filling up of Vacancies for the original Quota of such County, County of a City or Town; and that all Vacancies arising in the augmented Number* shall be filled up by the

5C3

Levying of Sums to be presented.

Vacancies In augmented*Regiments shall be filled up by Volunteers, and Steven-Tentfis of the Expence shall be levied by Presentment on the Counties.

Vacancies in original Quota may be supplied by Bailot:

In Augmentation by Volunteers, under

G. 3. C. 33.

5°4

The embodying < 1 any Mi'itia n ay he fuf-j ended, &.C.

Fine on County of lOl. per Annum for every Man deficient.

Fines shall be

paid into the Treasury, and accounted for to Parliament.

Fines may be applied under Order of Lord Lieutenant iu 1 roviding Substitutes.

C. 12o« 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Volunteers, in such Manner as is directed by the said recited Act of the Fv rty-fouith Year, intituled An Act for empowering Hr* Majesty to direct the Augmentation of his Militia Forces in Ireland, to an Extent therein limited; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall be deemed inexpedient by His Majesty, or the Lord lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in Council, to raise, embody, c r continue any Regtment or Battalion of Militia in any County or City in Ireland\ it shall be lawful for Majesty, or for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland hr the Time being, by and with the Advice of tlu Privy Council of Ireland, to forbid the raising or embodying of such JGgiment or Bittal'on, and to Hay all Proceedings therein for such Time ?s shall h- deemed expedient, or to order tlm a; ! or any of the said Regiments or Batcalions flnli bt disembodied and whojly cease and determine any Tiling in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen in any Case that the Number of Militia Men duly appointed or to be appointed to be raised for any Regiment or Battalion of Militia of Ireland\ shall not be raised within Three Calendar Months from and after the Time when the same ought to be raised by Ballot as aforesaid, or within Four Months from the Date of the Order for raising the same by enrolling Volunteers, then and in every such Case the County or County of a City or Town in which such Number of Militia Men ought to be raised, shall be charged with the Payment of the yearly Sum of Ten Pounds for and in lieu of every private Militia Man fa deficient; and upon Proof on Oath liril laid by any Governor or Deputy Governor of such Deficiency before the Judges of Assize, or in the County or City of Dublin, before the Court of King'* Bench, it shall be lawful for such Judge of Assize and such Court, and they are hereby respectively required to line the County or County of a. City or Town, or such Distndt, Baronies or Barony, or Parish or Parishes thereof in which such Negledi shall happen, in a Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds for any Private Man lo deficient, and to repeat the said Fine annually fa long as the said Deficiency shall continue, which Fine or Fines shall be estreated into His Exchequer,

and issued in Process, and shall be duly levied by the Sheriff or other Officers respectively to whom such Process shall be directed respectively; and it shall not be lawful for the Barons of the Exchequer or Commissioners of Reducement, on any Account, to take off, release or reduce such Fine or Fines, or any Parts thereof.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That all such F-nes, and all other Fines, hereby imposed, when, cot otherwise expressly directed, shall, when levied, be paid into His Majesty's Treafmy, and shall be kept separate and apart from all other Monty, and shall be accounted for Yearly to Parliament; and no Fee 01; Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid to any Officer of the Exchequer for or on account of receiving or issuing any such Money: Provided always, that such Money, or any Part thereof, may be applied by or under the Ordera of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, if he or they shall think proper, in providing Substituces or Volunteers to serve in the Militia for the Counties, Counties of Cities, or District, frdra which such Fines respectively

A.D. 18©9. 4p° GEO. III. C.t2*. 50$.

shall have accrued, by applying the same respectively, or in Eafc and Diminution thereof, either in addition to the Bounties herein-before mentioned respectively, or partly in the one Wav and partly in the other, in such Manner as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall direct.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any exceeding other Mode of Proceeding is not hereby provided, all Fines, Penalties, 20l. recoverable and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sumn*Court of of Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, 1101

Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's superior Courts of beforea5uft^ Record at Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Privilege or Protection,

Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the sum of Twenty Pounds. shal>, upon due Proof of the Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Jo (lice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charge of such Distress and Sate, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and for Want of such Distress such Justice is hereby required, in all Cases where no particular Time of Commitmert is herein-brfore directed, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding Three Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise directed by this Act shall be paid to the Co'bftors of Excise, and accounted for and paid over by them as all other Monies received by them resp- ftively.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer of any Penalty on County, any Clerk of the Peace, or any Colhftorof His Majesty's Treasurers, Revenue, or of any County or County of a C ty, Barony or Half Ba-rony, shall refnfe or knowingly neglect to do any Matter or Thing5 '* 100

required by this Act to be done by him, or shall wilfully omit to carry any of the Provisions in this A A respecting himself or his Office into execution, and shall be thereof convicted by information or Indictment at the Affixes or King's Bench in the County or County of the City of Dublin, he shall be fined any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, at the Discretion of the Court.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That all Convictions made by any Governor, or Deputy Governor, or Justice of the Peace, under this Act, shall be in the Form here following, or in some other Form to that or the like Effect; that is to say,

BE it remembered, on the Day of Form of

in the Year at in the ConvJ&ion

f County [or, County of a City or Town] of under this

' A.B. of was convicted before me E. F. the

f Governor, [or, One of the Governors, or, One of the Deputy Go-f vernors, or, of the Justice of the Peace] of the said County [or

County of a City] for that on the Day of

f at in the said where the said A.B.

did [here Jiate the Offence]. In Witness whereof, I the said E- F.

have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of

f in the Year of our Lord

Which

50 6

Con visions shall not be removed by Certiorari.

limitation of Actions, &c.

Six Months.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Penalty of Perjury on fdfe Oaths.

Commencement

of Aa.

C.iao# 49° GEO. III., A.D. 1809.

Which Conviction, or any other Form of Conviction to that or the like Effect, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, without setting out the Evidence, or dating any other Matter more particularly or otherwise than as aforesaid.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Convictioif made by any Governor or Governors, or by any Justice or Justic's of the Peace, under or by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari or other W>it or Process, out of the County, City, or Place wherein such Order or Conviction was made, into any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record in Dublin; and that no Writ of Certiorari or other Writ shall supersede any Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Convftion so made in pursuance of this Act. hut that the Execution shall be made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Fast comm tted, and not afterwards* and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in evety such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and giye this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and in any such Action or Suit, if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Cods by Law.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in the Execution of this Act, when any Matter or Thing is directed to be inquired of or examined into, upon the Oath or Affirmation of any Witness or Wimesses, before any Governor of any County, or any Deputy Governor or Governors, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, they and every of them is and are hereby respectively authorised to administer such Oath or 'Affirmation to any Witness or Witnesses; and that all other Oaths or Affirmations to be taken, in pursuance of this Act shall and may be respectively administered by any Governor or Deputy Governor; and every Person who shall knowingly or willingly take any false Oath or Affirmation in any Matter required by this Act, and be thereof convicted, shall suffer the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CXLIX. And be it enacted, That this Act, and the several Clauses, Provision8, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall commence, take effect, and be of force from and after the Expiration of one Calendar Month after the passing thereof, and not sooner.

A.D. 1809 C. 120. 49° GEO. III. 507

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers,

SCHEDULE (A.)

County of

RETURN of all Mile Person* rrfidintr within the Parsh of between the Are of Sixteen and Forty-five Yean.

Names or Common Appellation. Reputed A$e. 1 'Street anil Place of Abode. Trade or Occupation. Exemption, it any, and what. If married, No. of Children under 14 Years of Age. Observation*.

SCHEDULE (B.)

County of

RETURN of Perfoa8 fit or liable to serve in the Militia for the County of

Names of Parishea. Number fit.

SCHEDULE (C.)

County of

RETU RN of Men enrolled to serve for the Militia for the Subdivision of Parish of

Names of Met). Date of Enrolment. Where residing. Trade. Age. Size. Observations.

Principals. Substitutes. Volunteer*.

46 0.3. c. 13^. §3. That strikinjr a Pocket shall be Notice of a prior Act of Bankruptcy, repealed.

Executions and Attachments against Inflates of Bankrupts levied more than Two Months before Commission shall lie valid, notwithstanding a prior Act Bankruptcy.

5 O. 2. C. 30. §32.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to alter and amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

[20th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts, it is among! other Things provided. That the striking of a Docket for the Purpose of issuing a Comm ffion, whether any Commission shall have actually issued thereupon or rot, shall be deemed N Tice of a prior Act of*Bankruptcy, for the Purposes of the said Act, if it should appear that an Act of Bankruptcy had been actually committed at the Time of striking such Docket: And whereas the aforesaid Pro- vilion in the said Act hath not been attended with the good Effects which were expected therefrom5' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempora', and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, fa far as the same is herein-before recited, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases of Comnuffioits of Bankrupt hereafter to be issued, ail Executions and Attachments against the Lands apd Tenements, or Goods and Chattels of the Bankrupt, bond side executed or levied more than Two Calendar Months before the Date and issuing of such Commission, shall be valid and effectual, not with* Handing a&y prior Act of Bankruptcy committed by such Bankrupt, " in like Manner as if no such prior Act of Bankruptcy had committed; provided the Pefon, at whose Suit such Execution or Attachment shall have issued, had not at the Time of executing or levyirg the same any Notice of any prior Act ol Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed, or that he was insolvent or had Itopped Payment: Provided always that the issuing of a Commission of Bankrupt, although such Commission fhdl afterwards be superseded, shall be deemed such Notice if it should appear that an Act of Bankruptcy had been actually committed at the Time of issuing such Commission.

III. 'And Whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Fifth*Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts,it is amongst other Things enacted, That before the Creditors of any Bankrupt shall proceed to the Choice of Assignees of the*Bankrupt's Estates, the major Part in Value of the said Bankrupt's Creditors then present shall, if they think fit, dirt ft in*what Manner, how and with whom, and where the Monies anfing*by and to be received from Time to Time out of the Bankrupt's ' Estate shall be paid in and remain, until the same shall be divided ' amongst all the Creditors as by that Act is directed; to which Rule*and Direction every such Assignee and Assignees afterwards to be ' chosen are to conform, as often as One hundred Pounds shall be ' got in and received from such Bankrupt's Estate, and are thereby ' indemnified for what they do in pursuance of such Direction of the said Creditors as aforesaid: And whereas the Creditors of Banl*rupts do not in all Cases avail themselves of the said Power given them by the said recited Act: And whereas the aforesaid Direction

6g

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 121

of the said Act h*s been in many Instances disobeyed by the ' Assignees of the Estates of Bankrupts, who have, notwithstanding such Direction, kept in their Hinds, or employed for their own

Btnefir, large Sums of Monejr, Part of the Bankrupts Estates

Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the If the Creditors passine of this Act, if in any Case the major Part of the Creditors of do not direct any Bankrupt shall not before they (had proceed to the Choice of how and to AshgH^e6 of the Bankrupt's Ellate, direct in what Manner, how and wtamuhr with whom, and where the Monies arising from the Bankrupt's Estate shall be paid in and remain, in purfuince of the Power given to them rUpt»s by the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners or lhaHbepaid the m?jor Part of thtm, and they are hereby required immediately in, the Un*-aftrr th- Commissioners shall have proceeded to the Choice of Assignees, flmll

and at the same Meeting, to direct. in what Manner, how and with j^eft whom, and where the Monies arising by and to be received from fameiofoine Time to Time out of the Bankrupt's Estate, shall be paid in and Person, not remain until the same shall be divided amongst the Creditors as by being a Couimlf-the said recited Act is directed; to which Rule and Direction the ^yat>r»

Assignee or Assignees of the Bankrupt's Ellate shall conform, as often as O e hundred Pounds shall be got in and received from such BankruDi's Ellate, and shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do in pursuance of such Direction of the said Corr.mil-tioners as aforesaid: Provided that it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners to direct such Monies to be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners or any of them, or of the Solicitor to the Commissioners, or into any Banking House or other House of Trade or Business in which the Commissioners or any of them, or the Soli* citor to the Commissim, are or is interested or concerned as a Partner or Partners, or otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Act^nees dif- from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases in which any obeying such»A (fig nee or Assignees or any Bankrupt's Estate shall wilfully retain Directions doll in his or their Hands, or otherwise employ for his or their own l)ec, uirSe, l Benefit, any Sum or Sums of Money, Part of the Estates of such^S^Mone* Bankrupts, contrary to the aforesaid Direction of the said recited Act otherwil'e .'passed in the Fifth year of the Reign ot King George the Second, or retained or

of the aforesaid Direction in this Act contained, he or they shall be employed, charged in his or their Accounts with the Eiiatts of such Bankrupts, with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be equal to the Amount of Ioterelt computed at the Rate of Twenty Pounds per CenLum per Annum on all such Sums of Monty so retained or employed by him or them, for the Time or Times during which he or they shall have so retained or employed the same, contrary to the said Direction of the said Act or either of them; and the Commissioners of Bankrupts are hereby required to charge such Assignee or Assignees ia their Accounts with such Sum or Sums of Money accordingly.

V. And, for the Purpose of ascertaining in what Manner the Commission or^ Money which shall from Time to Time come to the Hands of such shall not declare Assignee or Assignees has been employed, the Commissioners shall in a Dividend nil a no Case declare a Dividend upon Admission only of a certain Sum

in the Hands of the Assignees, but (hah require such Assignee or made^pon Oath. Assignees to deliver upon Oath a true Statement in Writing of all by the Afl&gnees? the Sum of Money received by such Assignee or Assignees, and &c, when received by him or them respectivelyi and on what Accounts

and

SI

if Assignees become Bankrupt having loot, of their Bankrupt's Estate, their future Effects Hull be liable to the Payment.

of nay dite& the tfconey paid in on Bankrupt's Estate to be inveited in

Evhe^viec Bills.

Sureties for Bankrupts having paid any Debts tiler the

C. 121; 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

and how employed, and shall examine such Statement and compare the Receipts with the Payments, and ascertain what Balances hare been from Time to Time in the Hands of such Assignee or Affiance* respectively, and shall esquire for what Reason any Sum appearing to be in the Hands of such Assignee or Assignees ought to be retained, and thereupon shall declare a Dividend on the remaining Sum, specifying in their Order the Sum so allowed to be retained, and the Grounds on which they may conceive it proper that the same should be retained and not divided amongst the Creditors.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, in case any Commission of Bankrupt shall issue against any Person who is or shall be an Assignee of the Estate and Effcas of any Bankrupt, and who shall, at the Time of such Comnriiffion issuing against him, be indebted to the Estate of the Bankrupt of whose Estate and Efft&s he was an Assignee, to the Amount of One hundred Pounds or upwards, in respect of Money come to his Hands as such Assignee, and wilfully retained or employed by him for his own Benefit, the Certificate of Conformity which may be obtained by such Assignee so- becoming Bankrupt as aforesaid, shall only have the Effect of freeing the Person of such Bankrupt from Arrest and Imprisonment, but the future Estate and Effects of every such Person shall remain liable for so much of his Debt to the Estate of the Bankrupt of whose Estate and Effects he was an Assignee, as shall not be paid by Dividends under the said Commission, together with lawful Interest for the whole Debt, in like Manner as if he had not obtained his Certificate; the Tools of Trade, the necessary House-hold Goods and Furniture, and necessary Wearing Apparel of such Bankrupt and his Wife and Children, only excepted.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, upon the Application of the Assignees, or of any Five or more ofhe Creditors who have proved their Debts under the Commission, on Notice given to the Assignees of such intended Application, when and as often as it shall appear to the said Commissioners expedient and beneficial to the Estate and Effects of any Bankrupt, that the Money so paid in to any Person or Persons as aforesaid, for the Purpose of being divided amongst the Creditors, or any Money retained to answtr any Claim which may have been duly entered upon the Proceedings under the said Bankruptcy, or any Dividends ordered to be retained by the Assignees, should be laid out at Inttreft, to order and direct that the whole or any Part of such Money shall be inverted in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills for the Benefit of such Creditors and Claimant?, and to direct where and with whom such Exchequer Bills shall be kept for safe Custody, and to cause such Exchequer Bills to be sold when it shall appear to them necessary and proper, and to direct the Proceeds thereof to be again laid out in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, or to be applied for the Benefit of the Creditors and Claimants, according to their several interests, as to the said Commissioners shall feera meet, subject nevertheless to the Authority and Controul of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases of Commissions of Bankrupt already issued, under yehich no Dividend has yet been made, or under which the Creditors,

who

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 1 % r. 5-11

who have not proved, can receive a Dividend equally in proposition Commission shall r their respective Debts without disturbing any Dividend already he permitted to made, and in act Cases of Commissions of Bankrupts hereafter to J^mroUTion*1* be issued, where at the Time of issuing the Commission any Person andftandiutho shall be Surety for or be liable for any D.*bt of the Bankrupt, it Place of a shall be lawful for such Surety or Person liable, if he shall have paid Creditor, the Debt, or any Part thereof in Discharge of the whole Debt, Provctl» although he may have paid the same after the Commission shall have iflurd, and the Creditor shall have proved his Debt under the Commission, to Hand in the Place of the Cred for as to the Dividends upon such Proof, and when the Creditor shall not have proved under the C imm'fliDn, it fH ill be lawful for such Surety, or Person liable to pmve hi* Demand in respect of such Payment as a Debt under the Commissior, not disturbing the former Dividends, and to receive a Dividend or Dividends propositionably with the other Creditors taking the Benefit of such C unmission, notwithstanding such Person may have become Surety or liable for the* Drbt of the Bankrupt after an Act of Bankruptcy had been committed by such Bankrupt, provided that such Person had not at the Time when he became such Surety, or when he so became liable for the Debt of such Bankrupt, Notice of any Act of Bnkruptcv by such Bankrupt com-{pitted, or that he was i solvent, or had flopped Payment; provided always, that the issuing a Commission of Bankrupt, although such Commission shall afterwards be superseded, shall be deemed such Notice $ and every Person against whom any such Commission of Bankrupt has been or shall be awarded, and who has obtained or shall obtain his Certificate, shall be discharged of all Demands at the Suit of every such Person having so paid, or being hereby enabled to prove as aforesa; d, or to stand in the Place of such Creditor as aforesaid*. with regard to his Dc-bt in respect of such Surety ship or Liability, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Pe»son had been a Creditor before the Bankruptcy of the Bankrupt for the whole of the Debt in respect of which he was Surety or was so liable as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Debts not all and every Person and Persons who have given Credit, or shall at payable at the1 any Time hereafter give Credit to any Person or Persons who is or Time°f th* are.or shall become Bankrupts, upon good and valuable Consideration Proved* bond side for any Monty whatsoever, which is or shall not be due <jedu&in a

or payable at or before the Time of such Performs becoming Rebate <3* Bankrupt shall be admitted to prove such their Debt9 in like Imereft at> Manner as if the same were payable presently or not at a future fter111.Day, and shall be entitled to and shall have and receive propositional 6 Dividends of such Bankrupt's Etlate equally with the other Creditors Ireland, of such Bankrupt, deducting only thereout a Rebate of Interest for what they shall so receive at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum under Commissions which have issued or shall issue in England, and at the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum under Commissions which have issued or shall issue in Ireland\ to be computed from the actual Payment thereof to the Time such Debts would become payable, according to the Terms upon which the same were '

contra&ea.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That In Actioat from and after the palfi jg of this Act, in any Action now brought kyAffig»c«,

° the Cowiniflioe

C.tt

Id

49° GEO. III

A'.D. 1 809*

Matter^ are to be disputed.

ahd Proceedings or hereafter to be brought by or against: any Assignee of any Bank-shall be futHcieut rUpt, the Commission of Bankrupt, and the Proceedings of the x/n enee o Commissioners under the same, shall be Evidence to be received of the

Creditor's Debt, petitioning Creditor's Debt, and of the Trading and Bankruptcy

&c.unless Notice of such Bankrupt, unless the other Party in such Act on shall, if given that those Defendant, at or before the Time of his pleading to such Action, and if Plaintiff, before ifltle joined in such Action, give Notice in Writing

to such Assignee that he intends tq dispute such Matters or any of

them, and whereftlch Notice shall have been given, if such Assignee shall at the Trial prove the Matter so deputed, or the other Party shall at the Trial admit the same, the Judge before whom the Caufd shall be tried shall, if he shall see fit, grant a Certificate that such Proof or Admission was made upon such Trial, and such Assignee shall be entitled to the Costs, to be taxed by the proper OffLtr* occasioned hf such Notice; and such Costs shall in case the Assignee shall obtain a Verdict be added to his Costs* and if the other Party shall obtain £ Verdict shall be set off or deducted from the Costs which such other Party would otherwise be entitled to receive from such Assignee.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all Suits in Equity now/ instituted or hereafter to be instituted by or against any Assignee of any Bankrupt, the Commission of Bankrupt, and the Proceedings of the CommifiLners under the same, shall be Evidence to be received of the petitioning Creditor's Debt, and of the Trading and Bankruptcy of such Bankrupt, as agaii ft all the other Parties in such Suit* unless such Parties i'ome or one of them shall, within Tm Days after Rejoinder in the Cause, give Notice in Writing to the Assignee that they or he intend to dispute the said tracting, petitioning Creditor^ Debt, or Act of Bankruptcy, or same or one of such Matters, and where such Notice shall have been given, if the Assignee (had prove the Matter so disputed to the Satisfaction of the Court, the Costs occasioned by such Notice, to be t?xed by the proper Officer, shall, if the Court fee fit, be paid by the Party or Partus giving such Notice to the Assignee, and the Service of such Notice may be proved by Affidavit upon the hearing of the C-use.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

So in Suits in Equity by Assignees as again It all other Parties to the Suit.

No A it ion shall be brought against Assignee for Dividends; but on Petition to Chancellor,

with Imereti and Costs.

from and after the passing of this Act, no Action shall be brought by any Creditor or Creditors who have proved or fii^ll prove any Debt under any Commission of Bankrupt, against the Assignee or Assignees of the E late of such Bankrupt, for the Amount of any Dividend Affigr^e shall be declared by the Commi (Tinners under such Commtfiion; but irr all Case* compelled to pay in which the Assignee or Assignees of any Bankrupt shall refute or v*ii omjt to p3y any Dividend declared under any Commission of Bankrupt, it shall be lawful for the Creditor or Creditors entitled to the same, to petition the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Castody of the Great Seal, for Payment thereof > and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, on hearing such Petition, not only to order the Payment of such Dividend, but also in all Cases in which it shall appear to him or them that the Justice of the Case shall require it, to order Payment of Ir.terest for the Time that such Dividend (hftl have been withheld, and of the Coftss of the Application.

513

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III.

Cm.

XIII. And whereas great Inconveniences have arisen from the Necessity which now exists of the Attendance of Commissioners of

Bankrupt in Prison to take the Examinations of Bankrupts charged

in Execution Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bankrupt being in Custody at the Time of his or her Bankrupts in lad Examination, although charged in Execution shall be brought Custody in before the Commissioners to be examined by them, in the same Execution (hill Manner as»now practised with respect to Bankrupts in Custody be brought 00 Mesne Process, and the Gaoler or Keeper of the rrifon in which such Bankrupt is or shall be confined, shall be fully indemnified

by the Warrant of the Commissioners for bringing up such Bankrupt for such Purpose.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Creditor from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for bringing Act: oo any Creditor, who bas or shall have brought any A diion, or instituted any Suit against any Bankrupt, in respect of any Demand

which arose prior to the Bankruptcy of such Bankrupt, or which to prove under

might have been proved as a Debt under the Commission of Bank- the Comihiiliopf

rupt issued against such Bankrupt, to prove a Debt under such &c»

Commission for any Purpose whatever, or to have the Claim of a Debt entered upon the Proceedings under such Commission, without

relinquishing such Action or Suit, and all Benefit from the same

and that the proving or so claiming a Debt under a Commission

of Bankrupt by any Creditor, shall be deemed an Ele&ioo by

+such Creditor, to take the Benefit of such Commission with respect to the Debt so proved or claimed by him: Provided always, that such Creditor shall not be liable to the Payment to the Bankrupt or his Assignees, of the Costs of such Action or Suit which shall be

so relinquished by him: And provided also, that where any such

Creditor shall have brought any Action or Suit against such Bankrupt jointly with any other Person or Persons, his relinquishing such Action or Suit against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall not in any Manner affect such Action or Suit against such other Person or Persons.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall Act Audi not «t-not extend to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and tend to Scotland. Ireland which is called Scotland.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Agentshaving all and every Person or Persons wh* have effected or shall effect any effected Policies Policy or Policies of Insurance upon Ships, Goods, Wares, Mtr-ebandizeor other EflVdls, with any Person, as a Subscriber or Under- prove, in* writer, who is or are or shall become bankrupt, shall be admitted Absence of

to prove any Loss to which such Bankrupt is or shall be liable in Parties in* iefp?& of his Subscription to such Policy or Policies, notwith- tereiled. Handing the Person or Persons effecting such Policy or Policies is not or are aot the Person or Persons beneficially interested in such Ships, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Effcdfs, provided the Person really interested is not in that Part of the United Kingdom in which the Commission of Bankrupt shall have issued in the Proceedings under which such Loss is to be proved.

XVII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, Anmdty That it shall be competent to any Annuity Creditor of any Person against whom a Commission of Bankrupt shall issue after the passing gf

this Act, whether the same shall be secured by Bond or Covenant, ^alue of ihs or Bond and Covenant, or by whatever £ffurance qr Aflknmces the Annuity

49° GEO. III.

Li

5T4

The Signature ind Consent of Three Parts (instead of Four Parts) in Five in Number and Value of tha Creditors of the Bankrupt to the Allowance of his Certificate and D'd charge shall be futfi-cirut.

Bankrupts en- titled to Le.afrt, or Agreements for Lease*, delivering up same to Assignee fil'd! nut remain liable foj Rent, Kc. Dflfor n ay apply to Chan-ct-Llor,

C. i2^t. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

same shall be secured, and whether there shall or shall not be or have been any Arrears of such Annuity at or before the Time of the Bankruptcy, to p'ove under such Commission as a Creditor for tl: e-Value of such Annuity, which Value the Commissionerg shall have Power and are hereby required to ascertain, and the Certificate of every Bankrupt under whose Commission such Proof shall be or might have been made, shall be a Discharge of such Bankrupt against ah Demands whatever in respect of such Annuity, and the Arrears and future Payments thereof in the same Manner as such Certificate would discharge the Bankrupt with respect to any other Debt proved or which might have been proved under the Commiflnn.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Commissions of Bankrupt heretofore issued, and in which the Bankrupts have not obtained their Certificates, and in all Cases in which Commissions of Bankrupt shall hereafter be sued forth, the Signature and Consent of Three Parts in Five in Number and Value of the Creditor# of the Bankrupt or Bankrupts, who shall be Creditors for not less than Twenty Pounds respectively, and who shall have duly proved their Debts under the Commission, or some other Person by them duly authorised thereunto, to the Allowance and Certificate and Discharge of the Bankrupt or Bankrupts, shall be, to all Irtents and Purposes, as available for the Benefit of the Bankrupt or Bankrupts as before the passing of this Act the Signature and Consent of Four Parts in Five in Number and Value of such Persons would have been available; and such Signature and Consent of Three Parts in Five in Number and Value of such Persons, shall be sufficient to authorize all Act# to he done by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, and Lords Commissioners of the Great Sea!, and the Commissionera in such Commissionr. of Bankrupt, and all others, for the Benefit of the Bankrupt or Bsnkruptr, which under any prior Act or Acts of Parliament would lave been authorised by the Signature and Consent of Four Parts in F've in Numbtr and Value oY such Persons.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases, in which a Commission of Bankrupt shall be sued forth against any Person after the passing of this Act, and such Person shall be entiled to any Lease or Agreement for a Lease, and the Assignees shall accept the, s same and the Benefit therefrom, as Part of the Bankrupt's Estate and EiL&s, the Bankrupt shall not be, or be deemed to be, liable to pay the Rent accruing due after such Acceptance of the same as aforesaid, and after such Acceptance the Bankrupt shall not be 1'able to be in any Manner fu-d in respect or by reason of any subsequent Non-obf-rvance or Non-performance of the Conditions, Covenants, cr Agreements therein contained: Provided that in all such Cases as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Lefforor Person agreeing to make such Lease, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Affigr.?, if the Afii'nees shall decline, upon their being required so to do, to determine whether they will or will not so accept such Lease or Ar reement for a Lease, to apply by Petition to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, praying that they may either so accept the same, or deliver up the Lease or Agreement for the Lease, and the Possession of the Premises demised or intended to be demised, who shall thereupon make such Order as in alt the C; rcumftancc8 of the Case shall seem meet and just, and which shall be binding on all Parties.

A.D. 1809. 490 Geo. III. C. x 22. 515

CAP. CXXII.

An Act for preventing Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners, and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage in England, under an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne.

[20th June 1809.]

WHEREAS great Depredations have for many Years past been committed by Boatmen, Pilots, Hovtliers, and others,

on Ships in D stress and otherwise, and Anchors, Cables, and other Property of Ships and VeflYls on the Coalts and in the Harbour?,

Bays, and Rivers of England and Wales, and the Town and Harbour of Berwici-upon-Tweed, are oftentimes carried a way or destroyed by such Boatmen, Pilots, Hoveliers, and others, or when found are not restored to the Owners thereof, and great Extortions are committed and exorbitant Demands made upon the Matters and Owners of such Ships for saving and preserving the same, to the great Loss and Injury of the Ship Owners, Merchants,

4 Underwriters, and others concerned in Shipping May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be en?&ed, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confer.t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from Pilots and and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and others taking nine, all Pilot?, Boatmen, Hoveilers, or other Persons who shall take possession of up any Anchors, Cables, or any Goods or Merchandize which otter % i may have been parked with, cut Irom or left by any Ship or Vessel Material! shall* within any Harbours, Rivtrs, or Bays, or on any of the Coasts of fend a Report this Kingdom, whether the same Ship or Wffel shall be or shall have thereof to a been in Distress or otherw'fe, and which (hdl have been weighed, Deputy Vice swept for, or taken Possession of or by any such Boatman, Pilot, Admiral, and Hoveller, or other Person, shall fend a Report in Writing of the ia Placed to he* Articles so found, and (fating the Marks (if any) thereon, and a'so appointed; or an accurate and particular Description of the Bearings, Dittanies, ftullbe and Situations, and Time when and where the same were so found, considered as to a Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent at or near to the Port or Place where such Boatman, Pilot, Hoveller, or other Perf >n shall fril, en c arrive with such Articles, within Forty-eight Hours after his or their Arrival at such Port or Place, or before he or they shall leave the Port, if he or they shall quit it before that Time shall expire; and shall also within such Period as aforesaid deliver such Articles so foun! in.o a proper Warehouse, or such other Place as the Vice Admiral t f each County shall appoint for safe Caltody, until the same shall be claimed by the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, and the Salvage, together with such other Charges and Expence*? as are herein after directed to be paid in respect of such Articles paid by him or thtm, or Security given for the Payment thereof, to the Satisfaction of the Salvor or Salvors thereof; and every such Pilot, Boatman, Hoveller, or other Person who shall wilfully and fraudulently keep Possession of or retain, or conceal or feente any Anchors or Cabels so found, weighed, swept for or taken peff (lion of as aforesaid, and shall not report and deliver the same at some proper Warehouse or other Place in the Manner aforesaid, and within the Time herein-before limited, shall on Conviction be adjudged and

L 1 2 deemed

516

Deputy Viee Admiral shall fend Report to Triuity House,

as fnon as the Articles amount to 20l. Value.

Deputy Vice Admiral may seize Goods not reported and deposited and shall have One Third of the Value, (Stt £6: )

Value may he afrt rtainetl as on Salvage.

(See §6, tit.)

If Deputy Vice Admiral seize n Information, Informer shall stare in the One Third.

[See §4.32, &c.)

Articles not «laim <l within a Year shall Ue

C.in. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

deemed guilty of receiving Goods knowing them to have been stolen, and shall suffer the like Punishment as if the same had been stolen 00 Shore.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Agent, to whom any such Reoort shall be lent, shall within Two Day8 forward the same, or a true Copy thereof, to the Secretary of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond in London, and the same shall be placed by him in some conspicuous Situation, for the Inspection of all Persons choosing to inspect and examine the same.

III. Provided always, That no Report shall be forwarded by such Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, until the Articles so to be deposited as aforesaid for and in respect of which a Report is required to be made as herein before is directed, shall amount in Value to xhe Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Agent, to seize and detain any such Articles as shall not have been reported in the Manner herein-before directed, and upon such Seizure such Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Agent, shall deposit the same in the Warehouse or other Place to be appointed as aforesaid, and shall within Two Days thereafter fend a Report in Writing of the Articles so seized, and dating the Marks (if any) thereon, to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond as before directed, to be made publick as aforesaid; and every such Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Agent, so feiz; ng, who shall not make such Report as aforesaid, within Two Days after Seizure as aforesaid, shall, on Conviction before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, upon the Oath of One credible Witness, or on the Confession of the Party offending, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Neglect, together with Double the Value of the Goods so feiz d; One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish or Township where such Offence shall be committed; and every Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Agent, who shall make any such Seizure, without any previous Information being given to such Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent, shall, on the same Articles being claimed by and delivered to the Owner thereof, or his or her Agent, be entitled to receive such Sum of Money as shall be equal to One Third Part of the Value thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owner and Deputy Vice Admiral or Agent so seizing cannot agree on the Value of the Articles, such Value shall be ascertained in like Manner as is hen-in-after dirt&ed with regard to Salvage.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Seizure shall have been made in consequence of any Information given to any such Deputy Vice Admiral or his A=>ent, the Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent so seizing, shall only be entitled to receive from the Owner or their Agents of the Articles One Sixth Part of the Value thereof, and One other Sixth Part of such Value shall be paid to the Person who shall have given the Information, the Value of such Articles to be ascertained in Manner aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Articles so reported and delivered into the Warehouse or other Place as aforesaid,

shall

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. Cm. 517

shall not be claimed within a Year and a Day after such Report Stall fold under have been transmitted to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of l* Auae, Deptford Strond\ as before mentioned, the same shall be sold, and a c*Certificate of such Sale shall be delivered to the Purchaser thereof under the Directions of the High Court of Admiralty, and the Monies arising from the Sale thereof be applied in the Manner directed in and by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne. intituled An Act for preserving all such Ships and Goods thereof which shall happen to he found on Shore or Jlranded on the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, and if the same shall have been fejzcd by the Deputy Vice Deputy Vice Admiral or hip Agent as aforesaid, then the Deputy Vice Admiral or Admiral f, Agent so seizing and the Person who shall have given such Inform- 1 Informer \ ation as shall have led to the Seizure (if any such Information shall have e(*ua*!*

been given) shall be equally entitled to the Salvage which shall be sHvu£.to allowed by the High Court of Admiralty to the Salvors in the Case of unclaimed Property.

VIII. And be it further cnn&ed, That if the Salvors of any such Two Justices Article?, or any Goods so found, weighed, swept for, or taken Pof- ^p^credto session of as aforesaid, and so lodged and reported as aforesaid, and the Owner or Ownera thereof, or his, her, or their Agent or Agerts, respe<sting cannot agree resptcting the Amount of Salvage to be paid for or in Salvage of such respect of the same, or the Value thereof, as the Case may be, then Articles, the Matter in Difference shall be determined by any Two Justices of the Peace redding near to the Place where such Articles or Goods shall be deposited; and such Justices shall begin to proceed in their Enquiry as to such Matters in Dispute, within Forty-eight Hours after such Difference shall be referred to them for their Determination thereof; and it they cannot agree respecting the same, then it shall Such Justices be lawful for them to nominate any Third Person sonverfant in Mari- nominate a time Affairs, at their Option, who shall ascertain the Amount of the ^.Person w Salvage to be paid, or the Value thereof, as the Case may be, within "T4"' Forty-eight Hours after he shall have been so nominated as aforesaid, and the said Justices and such Third Person so nominated as aforesaid,

shall have full Power and Authority, whenever they fee Occasion, to examine the Parties or their Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath they are hereby authorised to administer.

IX. And be it further enacted, That'it shall also be lawful for the Two Juittces said Justices to decide in the like Manner, and within the same Time*? det1* as is htrein-before directed, with regard to Salvage on all Claims

and Demands whatsoever which shall or may after the First Day of vUes t« Ship* August One thousand eight hundred and nine, be made by Pilot*, in Distress.

Boatmen, and other Persons, for Services of any Defcrfotion (except (exceptPilotage Pilotage) to be reudered by them to any Ship or Vessel, os well forc« carrying off from the Shore to such Ship or Vessd any Anchors,

Cables, or othYr Stores, from any Port or Ports of the Coast of England and Wales and Berwick-upon-Tweed* or for the saving and preterving any Goods or Merchandize which may have been wreeked, stranded, or cast away from any Ship or Vessel, or for being instrumental in saving the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel, the Master, Owner, or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents being present with such Justices; and that the said Justice or such other Person so appointed as* aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority to hear

C. 122.

Decision of Justices or their*Umpire shall be final; unless on Appeal to Admiralty.

Persons dissatisfied may appeal to ihe High Court of Admiralty, but the; Goods shall be' reftorvd to the Owners on giving Bail.

t -

Sec Schedule

(AO

Umpire named by Justices shall be paid by the larcies.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

and determine on all Case* whatever of Services rendered by Pilots, Boatmen, and others to Ships or Vessels (except Pilotage) whether such Ships or Vessels shall at the Time be in Distress or not, and that they shall have the like Power of examining the Parties or their Witnesses upon Oath as last herein-before dirt died; and the Decision of such Judie s, or of the Person so to be by them appointed as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive on all Parties, save and except in such Cases ifl which an Appeal shall be interposed by either Party to the High Court of Admiralty, such Appeal to be mterposed within Thiity Days after the Award of the Justices or such Person so appointed as aforesaid. '

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons so claiming to be entitled to Salvage, or the Party or Parties who is or are to pay the same, or their Agents, shall be dissatisfied with such Award and Decision of the Justices, or of the Person so to be nominated by them as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for either of them respectively, within Forty-eight Hours after such Award is made, but not afterwards, to declare to the Justices, or such other Person to be nominated by them as aforesaid, his, her, or their Dtftire of obtaining the Judgment of the High Court of Admiralty respecting the said Salvage, and thereupon the Person or Persons so claiming to be entitled to Salvage shall be compelled to proceed within Thirty Days from the Date of such Award, by taking out a Monition against the adverse Party; but in such Case the said Justices are hereby required and empowered to deliver to the Owners and Proprietors or their Agents, any such Anchor or Cable, Goods, or other Articles respecting which any Claim for Salvage shall be made upon the Owners or Proprietors thereof, his, her, or their Agent, given good and sufficient Bail in Double the Amount of the Value of the Articles in respect of which such Salvage shall be claimed, and which Bail shall be taken by a Commissioner for taking Examinations in Prize Caufts, if there shall be one in the Port or Place where such Difference shall arifr, but if there shall be no such Commissioner there, then the said Justices to vrhom such Difference shall have been rtferred, or either of them, or any other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, are and is hereby authorised to take the same; and the Commissioner or Justice who shall take such Bail shall certify the same according to the Form contained in the Schedule Hereunto annexed, and transmit the same without Delay to the High Court of Admiralty, together with a true Certificate in Writing of the gross Value of the Whole of the Articles respecting which Salvage shall be c aimed, and also a Copy of such Proceedings and Awards on undamped Paper, certified under the Hand of such Commissioner or Justice taking the Bail as aforesaid, and the same shall be admitted by such Court of Admiralty as Evidence in the Caule.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Persons so to be named by the said Justices as aforesaid,

who shall decide on the Amount of Salvage to be paid, or on the Value of the Articles, or on the Remuneration to be made to Persons rendering Assistance to Ships or Vessels, or Persons as aforesaid, to demand and receive of and from the Owner or Owners of the Articles saved, or of the Ships or Vessels in Behalf of which the Services may have been rendered, or his, her, or their Agents or Agent, a Sum of Money not exceeding Two Pounds Two Shillings each, and such

C. 122. A.D. 1&09. 49° GEO. III. Sl9

Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, shall and is and are htreby required to pay to the Persons so to be by the said Justices nominated as aforesaid, such Fee or Reward immediately after he {hill have made his Award or Decifior, and on Delivery of the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on shall, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight cutting away or hundred and nine, wilfully cut away, calt adrift, remoye, alter, de- defacing Buoys, face, fink, or destroy, or shall do or commit any Ad with Intent and SinX FelonV.C* Design to cut away, call adrift, remove, alter, deface, fink, or destroy,

or in any other Way injure or conceal any Buoy, Buoy Rope, or Mark, belonging to any Ship or Vessel, or which may be attached to any Anchor or Cable belonging to any Ship or Vessel whatever, whether in Distress or otherwise, such Person or Persons so offending shall, on being coavi&edof such Offence, be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be liable to be transported for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment to be imprisoned for any Number of Years at the Discretion of the Court iq which the Conviction shall be made,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty oa

shall knowingly and wilfully, and with Intent to defraud and injure purchasing the true Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person interested therein Anchors, &<*. as aforesaid, purchase or receive any Anchors, Cables, or Goods, or*

Merchandize, which may have been taken up, weighed, swept for, or meanoZ&c! taken PofLffion of, whether the same shall have belonged to any Ship

or Vessel in Distress or otherwise, or whether the same shall have been preserved from any Wreck, if the Directions herein-before contained with regard to such Articles shall not have been previously complied with such Person or Persons shall on Conviction thereof be deemed guilty of receiving stolen Goods, knowing the same to be stolen, as if the same had been stolen on Shore, and suffer the like Punishment as for a Misdemeanor at the Common Law, or be liable to be transported for Seven Years, at the Discretion of the Court, before which he, she, or they shall be tried,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Matter, Mate, Matters of Ship*

or Crew of any Ship or Vessel bound to Parts beyond the Seas, shall bound to Parts find and take on board of such Ship or Vessel, any Anchor, Cable, beyond the Seas, or any Goods or Merchandize, or shall receive any Anchor, Cable, oir or

any Goods or Merchandize on board of such Ship or Vessel, from ^p^nd* any other Person or Persons who may have found the same, knowing other Articles, the same to have been so found, the Matter, Mate, or other Person shall report the having the Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall make a true Entry same to the in the Log Book of such Ship of the Description of the Articles Trimty-House, so found or taken on board as aforesaid, stating the Marks (if any) Arrival thereon, and the Bearings and Distances, and other minute Description, England (hell and the Time when and where the same were found and taken on deposit them, board; and also shall at the first pollible Opportunity transmit a Report in Writing containing a true Copy of such Entry in the Log Book of the said Ship or Vessel, to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud\ and on the Return of such Vessel to any Port in England or IFalej, or Berwick-upon-Tweed* he shall deliver the same Articles into the Possession of a Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Agent in or nearest to such Port, with ths like Report

L 1 4 11

C. 123.

5X0

49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

as is herein-before directed; and such Deputy Vice Admiral, or Agent, is hereby required to t ran fan it such Report to the said Corporation of the Trinity House at Deptford Strond, to be placed by the said Corporation for Inspection in like Manner as aforesaid; and if the same shall not be claimed by the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their Agent, within a Year and a Day after such Report shall be transmitted, the same shall be fold and disposed of according Penalty 500 % to Law w th regard to unclaimed Property; and in default thereof, to sol. Halfto or if the Mailer of such Ship or VessVi shall sell or dispose of such Halt Anchor, Cable, Goods, or Merchandize to any Person or Person

chants Scare<*n's whomsoever, or shall not upon his first Return to any Port within Society under England and Wales or Berwick-upon-Tweed\ report and deliver the so G. 2. c. 38. same according to the Provisions of this Act, he shall for every such Offence, on being thereof lawfully convicted before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate on the Oith of One credible Witness, or on the Confession of the Party offending, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, nor less than Fifty Pounds, One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the President and Governors for the Relief and Support of such maimed and disabled Seamen, and of the Widows and Children of such as shall be kilied, flam, or drowned in the Merchants Service, under an Act of Parliament made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Relief and Support of maimed and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be kilied, Jlain, or drowned, in the Mer-'chants Service, and shall also forfeit and pay Double the Value of such Articles, to the Owners or Owner thereof.

Pees to be paid

XV. And be it further enacted, That itshall and may be lawful for Reports* for the Deputy Vice Adtairal or his Agent, who shall make the Re-'port required by this Act to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond as aforesaid, to receive of and from the Owner or Owners of the Articles in respect of which the Report shall be made, or if rbe same are not claimed, then out of the Produce of the Sale thereof, the Sum of One Pound One Shilling for each Report; and that it shall also be lawful for the Secretary or other proper Officer of the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, to receive in like Manner as latt mentioned, the Sum of One Pound One Shilling for each Report so to be received by the said Corporation, and to be made publick by them as aforesaid, which last mentioned Sum shall be paid to the said Deputy Vice-Admiral or his Agent, before the Delivery of the Goods and accounted for by him to the Trinity House.

XVI. And whereas Pilots, Hoveliers, Boatmen, and other Persona

in small Velfils have for many Years conveyed Anchors and Cables

which may have been weighed, swept for, or taken possession of by them, as aforesaid, or which they may have purchased of other

-Persons, knowing them to have been weighed, swept for, or taken

posstffion of without being reported as aforesaid, to Foreign Coun-

trie?, and there fold and disposed of to the raanifeft Injury and Loss

of the Owners thereof; ior remedying whereof, 1 Be it further

Penalty on enacted, That every Pilot, Hovelier, Boatman, or the Mailer of any

felling or dispo* such Vessel, who shall convey after the said First Day of August One or Cab>s"m f" thousand eight hundred and nine, any such Anchor or Cable to any

reign Countries, Foreign

Single Felony.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 122. s«

Foreign Port, Harbour, Creek, or Bay, and there sell and dispose of the same, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be tra-'fpored for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall trade Dealers «a or deal in buying and selling Anchors, Cables, Sails, or old Junk, Marine Siorw old Iron, or Marine Stores of any Kind or Description, shall have their have their Names with the Words Dealer in Marine Stores, " painted distinctly onX-irSt^ in Letters of not left then S?x Inches in Length upon the Front housesl

of all their Storehouses, Warehouses, and other Deposits for such Penalty 20l. Goods; and in default of their so doing, they shall, on Conviction Such Dealers before any Jollier or Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate or Magi- shall not cut up strates of any Jurisdiction where such Stcrehouse, Warehouse, and p Depdt shall be, upon the Oath of One credible Witness, or on Confession of the Party offending, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding he granted on Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, One Half of which Penalty Affidavit, &c. shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish or Township where such Offence shall be committed; and that it shall not be lawful for such Dealers or Traders to cut up any Cable, or any Part of a Cable, exceeding Five Fathoms in Length, or uncant, untwine, or unlay the same into Junk or Paper-stuff, on any Pretence whatsoever, without firli obtaining a Permit from some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate redding near to the Residence of such Dealer, which Permit shall not be granted unless an Affidavit shall have beea made that the Cable so intended to be cut up had been bond Jide purchased, and without Fraud, by the Party so intending to cut up the same, and without any Knowledge or Suspicion on his or her Part that the same had been or were dishonestly come by; and in which Affidavit shall also be specified the particular Quality and Description of such Cable, and the Name or Names of the Seller or Sellers thereof, which Affidavit shall be recited and set forth at lengtfh in the Permit thereupon granted, on pain of forfeiting for the First Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Ten PwukyitiL Pounds, and for every Second or further Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor left than Twenty Pounds, to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace, and One Half thereof to go to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish in which such Offence shall have been committed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the more effectual Dealers fladl Prevention of such Frauds, all Dealers in such Marine Stores as afore-CCP an Accum* said shall keep a Book or Books fairly written, in which Entries shall be from Time to Time regularly made of all such old Marine Stores*

as shall be by them from Time to Time bought, containing a true Account and Description of the Times when the same were so respectively bought by them, and of the Names and Places of Abode of the respective Sellers thereof: And before any Person who shall shall advertise obtain such Permit for the cutting up of any such Cable (as herein- heiore cutting before required to be obtained) shall proceed to cut up the same by UP of Corda-c. virtue thereof, there shall be published by the Space of One Week at lead before the cutting up the same, One or more Advertisement or Advertisements in some publick Newspaper, printed nearest to the

Storehouse, Warehouse, or Depot where the Articles shall be deposited, notifying that such Party had obtained such Permit for the Purpose of cuttingMp such Cable, and of such Kind and Quality as therein 4escribed, and also specifying the Place* where such Articles

': ed

522 C. i22« 49 GEO. III.

A.D. 184)9.'

Inspe£Uon of such Accounts maybe demanded by] Parties in-lerefled.

Penalties on

Deidc s for Keglea.

Manufacturers iha.ll put Marks n Anchors and Kedge Anchors.

shall be deposited; whereupon it shall be lawful for all and every Person or Persons who may have just Cause to suspect that such Articles are the Property of such Person or Persons, and shall have verified Upon Oath the Fa& of such his, her, or their Suspicion before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate reftding near to the said Storehoust, Warehouse, or Depot, by Warrant for that Purpose thereupon granted, to require of and from such Dealer who shall have fu advertised, and shall be so sworn to be suspected as aforesaid, the Production and Examination of the Book or Books of Entries hereby required by him or her to be kept, and inspect snd examine the Cables described in such Permit; and in case any such Dealer, when so thereunto required as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to produce to the Person named in such Warrant as the Person on whose Oath the same shall have been obtained, the Book or Books containing the Entries of such Dealer so required to be made therein as aforesaid, or shall neglect to keep any such Book or Books in which Entries containing Accounts of the several Particulars hereinbefore required to be entered shall be made, or to permit such Inspection or Examination as aforesaid, or shall after obtaining such Permit for the cutting up of any such Cable, and before the cutting up of the same, neglect to publish such One or more Advertisement or Advertisements relative thereto as is herein-before directed and required, the Dealer or Dealers so offending in all or any of the Particulars herein before mentioned shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, being his, her, or their First Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, and for every Second or further Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds, One Half of which Penalty shall on Conviction before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate redding near as aforesaid, be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish or Township in which such Offerees shall be committed; and in case any of the Penalties by this Act imposed shall not be paid, with the Charges incident to the Conviction, immediately upon such Conviction, the same shall and may be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Offender or Offenders; and in case no sufficient Distress shall be found, then every such Offender or Offenders shall and may be committed by any such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate as aforesaid, to Gaol, in case of any First Offence for the Space of Six Calendar Months, and in case of any Second or further Offence for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, unless the said Penalty and the Charges shall be sooner paid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine, all Manufacturers of Anchors and Kedge Anchors shall place his, her, or their Name or Names, together with a progressive Number, and also the Weight of the Anchor, in legible Characters upon the Crown, and also upon the Shank under the Stock of each Anchor which he, she, or they shall manufacture, and shall also place his, her, or their Name or Names, together with a Number, and also the Weight of the Kedge Anchor upon the Crown, and also upon the Shank near to the Stock of every Kedge Anchor which he, she, or they shall m4nufacture, and in case any such Manufacturer shall neglect to place such Name, Number, or Weight in the Manner herein-before directed and required, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, on Cqnvision

before

5*3

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 132.

before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, on the Oath of One credible Witness, or on the Confession of the Party so offending, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, One Half of which Penalty ftull be paid tq the In* former, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish or Township in which such Offence shall be committed.

XX. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders < again# this Act/ Be it further enrfted. That all and every Justice and Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Convictioa to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet;

: be it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted

c before me [or ms] One [or. Two, as the Case may be]

of His Maj-ltv's Justices of the Peace for the [here

Specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed, ' as the Case may be-\ contrary to an Act passed in the Forty-ninth 1 Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert

thi Title of this Act ]. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands

and Seals] the Day and Year first above written/

And no Certiorari or other Writ or Process for the Removal of any such Conviction, or any Proceedings thereon, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall be allowed or granted.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace before mentioned of any Offence or Offences again# this Act, within Three Calendar Months next after such Conviction, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions holden for the County, City or Place where the Muter of Appeal (halt arise, first giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Matter thereof, and entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City, or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices at the General Quarter Sessions shall, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and Recognizance entered into, hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm, or quash and annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and the Decision of the said Justices therein, shall be fiual, binding, and conclusive; and no Proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, or Place, shall be deemed and taken to be competent Witnesses for the Purpose of proving the Commission of any Offence against this Act, within the Limits of such Parish, Township, or Place, notwithstanding the Penalty incurred by such Offence, or any Part thereof, is or may be given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place, or other-

FormoFCon-

viftioiu

Appeal to General Quarter Seflkma.

Inhabitants

competent

Witnesses.

5H

Offences may

be tried where Articles found, or if fold in foreign Parts, where Offenders reticle.

This Act shall sot affect flat.

4ft G. 3. C. 130.

Nor shall affect ft. 48 G. 3.

«.104,

Itefmation of the Rights of the High Court of Admiralty.

Refemtion of the Rights of the Crown, and of

4^orcL> of Manors.

C. i 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

wife for the Benefit or Use, or in aid or in exoneration of such Parish,

Township, or Place.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Felonies, Misdeameanour?, and ocher Offences under this Act, shall and may be laid to be committed, and shall be tried in any City or County (being a County) where any such Article, Matter, or Thing in relation to which such Offence shall have been committed, shall have been found in the Possession of the Person committing the Offence, or if the same shall have been fold in foreign Parts, then in the Country or Place in which the Person felling the lame shall relide.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to or be in force within the Lunits specified and directed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners, and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, and also for remedy ing certain DefeSs relative to the Adjustment of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, or in any Manner to affect any of the Provisions of the said Act, but the said recited Act shall remain in full Force within the Limits therein specified, as if this Act had not been patted.

XXV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal, take away, or alter any of the Clauses, Powers, or Provisions contained io an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels navigating the British Seas, but that the said Act shall remain in full Force as if this Act had not been patted.

XXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further declared, That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not extend or be con* (trued to extend to the taking away, abridging, prejudicing, or impeaching in any Manner whatever the Juhfdidion of the High Court of Admiralty of England^ or the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty Court of the Cirque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Great Tarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Dunwich, in the County of Suffolk, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Southampton, in the County of Hants % orot the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Lynn Regis, in the County of Norfolk, but that it shall and may be lawful for the said Courts respectively, and the Judge or Judges thereof for the Time being, to have, use, exercise, and enjoy Jurisdiction over all such Matters, Rights, and Offences as they have heretofore had, used, exercised and enjoyed, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposea whatever, as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That neither this Act, nor any Thing herein contained, shall any ways extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive, or in any ways prejudice the Rights of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successorg, or any claiming under them, or any of them, orny Patentee or Grantee of the Crown, or any Lord or Lords, or Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors what-

foc?w>

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 122. SPS

soever, but thit such respective Rights shall be enjoyed in as full* ample* and beneficial a Manner* in every Rrfpcd, as if this Act had never been made.

XXVIII. Provided also* and it is hereby further enacted and de- Reservation of dared, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend* the Rights of the or be construed to extend to the taking away, abridging, hindering, Trinity House of prejudicing, or impeaching of any Grant, Liberties, Franchisea, and DeptfoidStwiii. Privileges heretofore granted to and vested in the Corporation of the

Trinity House of Deptford Strond9 but that the said Corporation shall hold and enjoy the tame* as fully and effectually* to all Intents and Purposes as they might have done in case this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and de- Andofdw dared. That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not Rights of the extend* or be construed to extend to the taking away, abridging* hin- Trinity dering, prejudicing* or impeaching of any Grant* Liberties, Franchises, Newcaftfe "and and Privileges heretofore granted to and vested in the Corporation of Scarborough* the Trinity House of Kingston-upon-Hull. or in the Mailers, Wardens*

and Brethren of the Trinity Honfesof Newcastle-upon-Tyn* and Sear- borough rtfptdively, but that the said Corporation, and the said Matters,

Wardens, and Brethren, shall hold and enjoy the same, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might have done in case this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and de- And of the clared, by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall Rights of the extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or take away any City of Loudoa. Right, Property, Authority, or Jurisdiction of the Mayor of the City of London, or of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to, in, and upon the Rivers of "Thames and Medway.

XXX T. Provided also, and be it hereby further enacted, That Act shall not nothing in this Act contained (hdl extend or be construed to extend extend to Scot-to these P.rts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland land or Ireland*, called Scotland and Ireland.

XXXII. And Whereas it is expedient that the like Means of conclusively adj lifting and recovering the Quantum of the Monies

or Gratuities to be paid to the said several Persona acting or being

employed in the Salvage of any Ship or Vessel, or the Materials

or Stores belonging thereto, or Goods or Persons on board thereof, '

should fubfist, and be by Law applicable in Cases where the Salvors

(hill have acted under and by the Employment and Authority of any Magistrate, or of the Commander or other superior Officers,

4 Manners, or Owners of any Ship or Vessel in Distress, as are now

Law provided (or adjusting the Quantum of such Monies or Gratuities which shall have become due m Cases where Application shall have been first made to the Officers of the Customs, or other the Officer or Officers in that Behalf named and appointed in and by a certain Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for preferring all such Ships and Goods thereof

which shall happen to be forced ashore or Jlranded upon the Coajls of this Kingdom, or any other of Her Majesty's Dominions; and where such Assistance shall thereupon have been rendered, in pursuance of the Provision of that Statute f Be it therefore enacted, That from

and

Z6

Regulations of 12An.it. 2.

C. 18. a* to adjuring and recovering Quantum of Salvage, extended to Cases of Salvage where Sailors have acted under Authority of a Magistrate or the Captain, &c. of the Vaflel in Distred*.

G.122.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Continuance of the Act*

and after the First of August One thousand eight hundred and nine* a-1 and every the Means which in virtue of the said last mentioned Act fubfist, and may now be by Law applied for the conclusively adjust irg, and for the recovering of the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the several Persons acting or being employed in the Salvage of any Ship or Vessel, or the Materials or Stores belonging thereto, or Goods, in Cases where Application shall have been (kit made pursuant to the said Act to'Officers of the Custome, or other the Officer or Officers in that Behalf mentioned, and Assistance shall have been thereupon rendered and had in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Act, shall be by Law applicable and available in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes in Cases where the Salvors shall have acted under and by the Employment and Authority of any Magistrate, or of the Commander or other superior Officers, Mariners, or Owners of any Ship or Vessel in Distress, although no such Application shall have been made to nor any Authority or Assistance derived from any Officers of the Customs, or other the Officer or Officers in the said Statute in that Behalf mentioned; and thereupon upon Payment or Tender and Refusal of the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the several Persons who shall have acted or been employed in such Salvage, or in case such Payment or Tender cannot be made* on Security being given for the true Payment thereof, to the Satisfaction of the Justices who shall have adjusted such Quantum or Gratuities, it shall not be lawful for any Officer of the Customs, or other Person or Persons having the Possession or Custody of such Ship, Vessel, Materials, Stores, or Goods, any longer to retain the Possession or Custody of the same, or any Part thereof, by Reason or Pretence of any Claim or Right to a Compensation or Gratuity of such Salvage as aforesaid, or for having acted or been employed therein.

[Publick Act.]

§ 33.

XXXIV. And be it further emsted, That this Act shall continue in force for Seven Years from the passing hereof.

[See § Jfr.]

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

the Day of in the Year of our

Lord before me

at in the County of [Ship's

Name.] A.B.

[Here insert the Names of the Salvers against and name the Stores and other Articles; (id tit) Anchors and Cables, &c. as the Case may be] certain Goods and Merchandizes lately found and taken possession of and belonging to the said Ship, whereof was Master, and also against the said Master

and the Owners [or if the Owners alone appear by themselves or Agents, then leave out the Master*s Name'] of the said Goods and Merchandize in a Cause of Salvage.

[Master s Name."] On which Day appeared personally ot and of who produced themselves as Sureties for the said the Master and for the Owners of the said

Goods and Merchandize, and, submitting themselves to the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England, bound themselves, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators for the said Mnfter and Owners of the said Goods and Merchandize, in the Sum

A.D. 1809# 49° GEO. III. C. 111, 133. $vj

of of lawful Money of Great Britain, unto

the said to answer such Salvage and Expences, or the Value of the Goods as the Case may be, as shall be herein after decreed by the said Court, according to the Tenor of the Act in that Case made and provided; and unless they shall do so, they hereby consent that Execution shall issue forth against' them, their Heirs,

Executors, and Administrators, Goods and Chattels, wherever the same shall be found, to the Value of the Sum above mentioned.

This Bail was duly taken, acknowledged, and") received at the Time and Place above written, before me the undersigned Com- I missioner, and I do believe and consider the

Persons above mentioned sufficient Security for the said Sum of

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War; and for the further Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually providing for the Interest of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea; and to extend the Provisios of the said Act to Cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced since the passing of the said Act.

[20th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the^ 45 G. 3. c. 7*.

Encouragement of Seamen and for the better and more effectually manning

His Majesty's Navy during the present War. certain Provisions are ' made for the Couduft of the Officers in Vice Admiralty Courts ' respecting Priz s thn ffiali have been adjudged in the said Courts,

which Provisions have not been found tffcftual for the good Pur-« pofeft intended thereby f Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the Re^iftrars Registrars of of every Vice Admiralty Court shall, on the Twenty-sixth Day of Vice Admiralty March, the Twenty-fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of ^ourtsshall every September, and the Twenty-sixth Day of December in every Year, or

so soon after each of such Quarter D ays respectively as any Ship shall Admiralt^and fail for England, transmit to the Registrar of the High Court of Ad- Treasurer of miralty, and the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, a Greenwich Lift of all the Prizes that shall have been adjudged in their Courts Hospital, Lift respectively during the preceding Quarter of a Year, together w: th the Names of the capturing Ship9 and their Commanders, and the [^45^.3. Agents of the Captors, with a Copy of the decretal Part of the Sen- c. 72. §48 ] tences upon the same; and at the same Time deliver or cause to be delivered Duplicates of the same to the Deputies of the said Treasurer resident at the several Places where such Courts of Vice Admiralty are r shall be established, or to which their Jurisdiction shall extend,

which

ie

Registrars of Admiralty and Vice Admiralty Courts shall every Quarter transmit to Greenwich Hospital, Copies «f Entries of Letters of Attorney, &c. as dueled by <iSG.d. c. 72.

56. 59*

And al& Copies of Letters of Attorney so Bcgifteted.

which Lifts so to he transmitted to the Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty shall be hung up for publick Inspection in the Registry of the High Court of Admiralty in Doctors Commons, in the same Manner as is by the said recited Act required with respect to the Lifts therein directed to be transmitted iialf-yearly.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Registrar or Registrars

of the High Court of Admiralty, and of every Court of Vice Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions, shall, on the Twenty-six^h Day of March, the Twenty-fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of September, and the Twenty-sixth Day of December in'every Year, or within Fourteen Days afrrr each of such Quarter Days respectively, so far as relates to the High Court of Admiralty, and with respect to Courts of Vice Admiralty, as soon after each such Quarterly Days as any Ship or Vessti shall fail for Great Britain, deliver to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or to hie lawful Deputy for the Time being, a true Copy or Transcript under his or their Hand or Hands, of the several Entries of the Letters of Attorney and ether Particulars by the said recited Act directed to be entered or rendered in the Books of such Registrars, in the Manner therein mentioned; and if any such Registrar or Registrars shall neghft or refuse to transmit or deliver such-Copies or Transcripts within the respective Times by this Act limited for that Purpose, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: Provided always, that if any Agent or Agents shall be appointed after the Time any Sentence of Condemnation in any of the said Courts of Admiralty shall be given, such Agent or Agents shall, under the aforesaid Penalty, register or cause to be registered in Manner aforesaid, his or their respective Letters or Letter of Attorney appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforesaid, within the Space of Twenty Days after the Date of the said Letter or Letters of Attorney.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Registrar and Re-

giftrars of the said Courts of Vice Admiralty shall, on the Twenty-sixth Day of March, the Twenty-fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of September, and the Twenty-sixth Day of December, in every Year, transcribe, and as soon after each of such Quarter Days respectively as any Ship shall fail for Great Britain, transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, Copies of all Letters of Attorney which shall have been registered m Manner directed by the said Act in the Three Months preceding, authenticated under the Seal of the Judge in Manner in the said Act expressed, and for the Purposes in the same Act mentioned, and shall at the same Time deliver «r cause to be delivered similar Copies to the Deputies of the said Treasurer resident at the several Places where such Courts of Vice Admiralty are or shall be tftabliftied, or at any Place within the Jurisdiction of such Courts respectively, the Charge* of which Copies, and affixing the Seal or Seals thereto, and transmitting and delivering the same to the Treasurer of the said Hospital and his Deputies, shall be paid by the said Agent or Agents at the Time q£ making such Registry as aforesaid; and in case such Registrar or Registrars shall neghft or refuse to transcribe and transmit, or deliver inch Copy or Copies of such Letter or Letters of Attorney, in Manner and within the Times by this Act directed and Jimited, he or they shall for every such Offence* forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1809« 49° GEO. III. C. 123. 529

IV. And Whereas it is necefla»y that further Provisions should be made respecting the making out and delivering of Prize Lifts,

a»d for Relief of Persons whose Names may be improperly omitted

therein Be it therefore enacted, That when any Prize shall be Vunher Pro-taken by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed visions respecting Vtfleis, the Captain or Commander of the capturing Ship, or some the making out Person or Persons under his Authority, shall forthwith make out and "I*

deliver or send to the Agent or Agents appointed to fell and distribute f^iLlief of such Prize, or any Bounty Money payable in respect thereof, such a person5 impro-correct and particular Lift of the Persons entitled to share therein as perly omitted, is in and by the said recited Act mentioned and described, which Prize 43 Lift shall be subscribed by every such Captain or Commander, and by c*'2, the Lieutenant, and if more than one, then by the First Lieutenant, and also by the Master and Purler or Person or Persons acting as such, of every capturing Ship or Vessel to which the same relates, after the same shall have been carefully compared with the Muster Books of every such Ship or Vessel; and the Agent or Agents making Distr: -bution conformably to any Prize Lilt so subscribed, (hal have the same Protection that is given to him or them by the Provisions of the said Act in making Distribution conformably to a Prize Lift certified as therein is directed: Provided always, that any Error in any such L'ft may be corrected by a Comparison with the Muster Book or Books from which the same was taken at any Time prior to actual Distribution: Provided also, that in all Cases whe-ein any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, actually entitled to share in any Capture, shall, after Distribution has been made, be proved by a Comparison with the Muster Books or Returns in the Navy Office or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Navy or any Three of them to have been actually so entitled, but omitted in the Distribution Lift by Accident or Default, ii shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them to certify such Omission to the Board of Directors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, who shall thereupon cause the Amount of the Share to which such Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, if inserted in the Distribution Lift, would have been entitled to be paid out of the non-claimed or run Men's Shares of the same Prize, or out of the General Fund of unclaimed and forfeited Shares of Prize Money in the Hands of the said Tre4furer of thedaid Roy^l Hospital; and the said Treasurer or his Deputy shall thereupon be entitled to maintain and prosecute in the Name of such Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, at the Charge and to the Use of the said Hospital, any Action or Suit against the Agent or Agents for the Recovery of the Amount of the Money so paid, that the said Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, might himself have maintained if he had not received a Satisfaction for the same from the said Hospital; but if such Agent or Agents shall be made liable to any such Demands in consequence of an Omission or Mistake in any Prize Lift certified to him or them as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for him or them to stop and retain the Amount of the Share for which he shall be so liable out of any Prize or Bounty Money in his or their Hands, payable to the Captain or Commander by whom such Prize Lift was signed and certified as aforesaid, or his Executor or Administrators, or to have a Remedy 49° GEO. III. M m over

Agents shall transmit Notice of Condemnation to the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy.

[See 45 G. 3.

c. 72. §66.]

Further Provisions respecting Notices of Payment of Prize M. ney and Head Money. '[SVe 43 G. 3. c. 72- §73.]

C. 123. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

over by Ad; on against him, them or any of them, for any Charge or Damage thereby sustained.

V. And Whereas it is by the said Act further enacted, That

every Agent residentin the United ICingdom shall within Six Weeks ' after any Condemnation in the High Court of Admiralty, transmit

a Notice of such Condemnation to the Treasurer of Greenwich

Hospital or his Deputy, together with an Account of the State of the Property condemned at the Time of such Transmission; Be. it further enacted, That every such Agent shall within Six Weeks after any Condemnation in the High Court of Admiralty, transmit a similar Notice of such Condemnation to the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty*© Navy, together with a similar Account of the State of the Property condemned at the Time of such Transmission, on pain of forfeiting for every Ntgled the Sum of Five hundred Pounds* unless a reasonable Cauft shall be shewn to and approved by the Court of Admiralty.

VI. And Whereas it is necessary to make further Provisions respecting Notices to be given of the Payment of Prize Money in consequence of Condemnations in Courts of Vice Admiralty, and also of Bounty Money granted by the said recited Act, in respect of the Number of Men on board the Enemy's Ships taken, sunk, burnt, or other wise destroyed, as in the said Act is mentioned; Be it therefore further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed for the Receipt and Distribution of any Bounty Money by the said Act granted, shall transmit or deliver written Notifications of an individual Share of such Bounty Money to the Persons herein after mentioned; and that in all Cases in which any Agent or Agents, Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed for the Payment or Distribution of any such Prize Money or Bounty Money who are required by the said Act to deliver to any Ofh: tr of the Customs Three Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications, to be trar.smitted to England\ such Agent or Agents, Person or Persons shall, instead thereof, deliver Six such Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications of Distriburion, in like Manner subscribed by him or them, together with Six such Notifications of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or either (as the Cife may be) in each Ciafs; and the Officer receiving the same shall subscribe his Name to each of the said Six Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications of Distribution, as by the said Act is direct-d, and shall forthwith deliver one of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications of Distribution, together with one of the said Notifications, of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize at d Bounty Money, or either (as the Case may be) in each CUfs, to the Deputy to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, resident at the P.ace where such Court of Vice Admiralty is or shall be established, or to which us Jurisdiction shall extend, and by the first Ship which shall fail for any Port in Great Britain, shall transmit another of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or Notifications of D'ftri-bution, together with one of the said Notifications, of the Amount of an individual Share to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich or his Deputy there, and another to the Treasurer or Pay-, matter of the Navy in London, and shall by the Second Ship or Vessel which shall fail from the Port or Place where the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications shall be so delivered, for any

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. III. C. 123.

Port of Great Britain, transmit in like Manner to each of the above-mentioned Officers one other of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or other Notifications, of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or cither (as the Case may be), in each Class, marked by him as Duplicates of the former, and shall carefully preserve and keep in his Custody the Sixth of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications of Distribution, together with the Sixth of the said Notificaticuaa of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or either (as the Case may be) in e?.ch Class; and at all Ports and Places where Vice Admiralty Courts* with Jurisdiction in Prize Causes, are or shall be constituted, at which there shall be no Collector, Comptroller, or Searcher, or other Officer of the Customs, the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or other Notifications of Diitribu'ion, together with the said Notifications of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or either (as the Case may be) in each Class, shall be delivered to and transmitted and kept respectively in like Manner by the Registrar or Deputy Registrar of such Vice Admit alty Court; and at all other Placet where Prize or Bounty Money shall be distributed or payable where there shall be no Court of Vice Admiralty, the said Gazettes, Newt papers, or written Notifications of Distribution, together with the said Notifications of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or either (as the Cife may be) in each Class, shall be delivered to the principal Civil Officer of the said Place or his Deputy, for the Purpose of being transmitted and kept as aforesaid; and all and every Person and Persone, Agent and Agents, appointed or to be appointed for the Payment or Distribution of any Prize Monty or Bounty Money, who shall neglect or refuse to deliver the said several Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications of Distribution, together with the said several Notifications of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or either (as the Case may be) in each Class, as herein-before directed to be transmitted, (tall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Collector, Comptroller, Searcher, or principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, Registrar or Deputy Registrar of such Vice Admiralty Court, or other Person as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse to receive, or to attestt or who shall not transmit, fend, or keep any such Gazette, Newspaper,; or written Notification of Distribution, or any such Notification of the Amount of an individual Share in each Class, in Manner herein-before directed, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions made in the before recited Act passed in the Forty, fifth Year of His present Majesty, for irfming a speedy Distribution of the Share of Captors*of Prizes takm by His Majesty's Ships should be more effectually enforced Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where the Prizes shall have been fold, and the Time of Appeals shall have elapsed, or if an-Appeal shall have been lodged, the same shall have been abandoned, and the Distribution shall not have been made within the Time and in the Manner required by the said recited Act; the Officer for Prizes in the Office of Treasurer of the Navy, shall state such Failure to the Treasurer of the Navy, who shall thereupon apply to the High Court of Admiralty for a Monition or such other Process of the Court

531

I;

Where Distribution of Prize* i$ not made in $he Time required by 45 G. 3. c. 72.

[§ 70, 71, 72.] such Failure shall be stated to Yreafvrer of the ISavjr, &c.

53*

C. 123. 45 GEO. III. A.D. 1*09.

Notion to be printed on Orders for receiving Priie Money.

In Cases where any Claim of Prize Money shall be made, with a Requisition (SeeSchedule A.) that such Claim may be satisfied, r a Reason assigned, and the Reason assigned be that such Claim has been satisfied, the Agent shall specify the Name, &c. of the Person who received it.

as may be expedient under the CircumfUnces of the Case, for compelling a speedy and effectual Distribution of the Proceeds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon every Order for receiving the Prize Money of a Petty Officer, Seaman. Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, the following Words shall be printed or written, before the same shall be attested; (videlicet)*

Take Notice, that no Pritfe Money can be received under this

Order, except by an Agent duly Licensed, in conformity to the Act of Parliament of the Forty-ninth Year of King George the Third, f or by the Wife, one of the Parents, or Children of the Grantor;

and that every Offence against the said Provision of the above recited f Ad, is punishable as a Misdemeanor.,

IX. And be it further enacted, l^hat in all Cases in which any Claim of Prize or Bounty Money shall be made upon any Prize Agent or Prize Agents, accompanied with a Requisition in Writing from the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital or the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) requiring that such Claim may be either satisfied, or a Reason assigned for its Disallowance, such Prize Agent or Prize Agents shall either pay the same, or state in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands the Reason of his or their refusing to do so, and deliver the same to the Party claiming the same, and presenting such Requisition; and if the Reason assigned be that such Claim has been already satisfied, the said Agent or Agents shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons by whom the Amount thereof was received, and under what Authority, from the Claimant or Claimants, and at what Time or Times the same was paid: and if any such Agent or Agents refusing Payment of any such Prize or Bounty Money, shall omit at the Time of such Claim being made, accompanied by such Requisition as aforesaid. or within Two Days afterwards to give and subscribe such Information as to the Cause of not satisfying such Claim, he or they shall forfeit and pay to such Claimant or Claimants Double the Amount of the Sum so claimed.

to be recovered by him, her, or them, with full Coifs of Suit in an Action of Debt, wherein it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to declare against the Defendant or Defendants for so much Money had and received by him or them to and for the Use of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and that Proof of such Claim, and of the Service of such Requisition as is herein-before mentioned, upon such Agent or Agents, shall be and be deemed sufficient Evidence in Support of any such Action; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in any-tvife notwithstanding.

X. And Whereas it is exoedient that further Provisions should be made for a more certain Transmiffioa to the Treasurer of Greenr ' wich Hospital, of Accounts of the Produce of Prizes, and of the

Distributions to the Captor3, and for more effectually enforcing the

Payment of all Balances in the Hands of Agents to the said Trea*

At thaEnd of*surer Be it therefore enacted, That every Agent for a Prize or

Four Menthsj Prizes, and Person authorised to receive any Bounty Bill or Bills, shall

#n<* he anc* theys an<* are hereby required, at the End of Four Agents{hast'pay* Months next after the Day on which Distribution shall have been vfT Balance to notified pursuant to the Directions in the said Act contained, to pay

Greenwich over all Shares and Balances which shall then remain in his or their

Hospital, &c.

[<SVe 45 G. 3.

7*. I 80-1

Hands unpaid and undistributed, to the Treasurer of Greenwich

Hospital,

533

A; D.i8c9« 49° GEO. III. C. 123.

Hospital, or such Person or Persons as he shall appoint or depute to receive the same, and render and verify his and their Accounts in the Manner by the said Act directed, under the like Penalties for Neglect of Duty as are by the said Act imposed for neglecting to make, render, and verify such Payments and Accounts within Four Mooths next after the first Piitribution of such Prize and Bounty Monies.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Prize Agent, shall at Agents shall the same Time that he exhibits or transmits an attrfted Copy of the7infrnit attcllesl detailed Accounts of tSe Sale of any Prize or Prizes, together with of Sale

attrfted Copies of all Vouchers to the Courts of Adm: ralty or Vice and Vouchers, Admiralty respectively, as directed by the said recited Act, shall, and to Greenwich he is hereby directed and required to transmit another attested Copy Hospital.

of the said detailed Accounts and Vouchers to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich j and every such Agent who shall neglect or refuse to transmit such last mentioned attested Copits of Accounts and Vouchers to the said Treasurer, (halt forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after direct d.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Agent or Agents for Agents f Prizes

any Prize or Prizes condemned or to be condemned in the East Indies, condemned in shall, under the Direction of the Court of Vice Admiralty wherein Indies

such Condemnation shall have passed, on the Application of the De-

puty to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital there resident, and in and Balances such Manner as in any Order to be made for that Purpose shall be to the Use of specified, remit all unclaimed and forfeited Shares and Balances to Greenwich the Treasurer in England, or pay the same over to the said Deputy, ttofpitai. at the Election of h«in the said Deputy, so that the same may be paid to the said Treasurer within Twelve Months after the said Agent or Agents shall have exhibited his or their Accounts in such Court of Vice Admiralty as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting his or their Bond or Bonds given and entered into pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

XIII. And Whereas further Provision is necessary to prevent the Fabrication of Orders and Certificates entitling Persons to receive*Prize Money due to Seamen and others f Be it therefore enacted.

That all Shares of Prize and Bounty Money due or which shall be- Fur regulating come due to any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer Orders and Cer-of Marines, Marine, or Soldier, or any Person rated as a Boy or tificates, for the borne as a Supernumerary in His Majesty's Naval Service, shall be of Prize

paid by the Agent or Agents to the Captors (if the Money shall be MoneJ* in his or their Possessionl or the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital for the Time being or nis Deputy, and the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital for the Time being, or his Chief Clerk (if the same shall have been paid over to the said Treasurer) to the Person entitled thereto, or to any other Person authorised to receive the same, by any Order in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.) which Order shall specify the Name of the Prize or Prizes distributed or for Distribution, or give such Description thereof as shall be satisfactory to the Person or rcr-fons in whose Possession the said Prize or Bounty Money may happen to be, and who shall be called upon to pay the same; and if the Capture shall have been upoo the Land, the Name of the Place captured, together with the Name of His Majesty's Ship or Vessel of War on J>oard of which the Person making the Order was serving at the Time

Mm3 such

534

C. 123. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1&of,

such Prize or Prizes or Capture or Captures was or were made, and the Person making such Order shall also procure a Certificate in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the said Schedule Marked (B.) which Certificate shall contain a full Description of the Person making such Order, and shall be signed by the Captain or Commanding Officer on board, and One other signing Officer of the Ship or Vessel in which the Person making such Order shall be then fcrying, if there shall be more than One such sinning Officer on board or belonging to such Ship or Vessel; and if the Person making such Order shall he discharged from the Service, and shall be resider.t at any Port or Place at which a Deputy to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital shall be appointed, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned, shall be signed by such Deputy; and if the Person making such Order shall reside within Four Miles of the said Royal Hospital, then the said Certificate shall be signed by the Clerk of the Checque of the said Royal Hospital, or his Chief CUrk; and if at any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, then the same shall be signed bjr the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, or his Assistant; and if at any Place in England at which no Deputy to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital shall be appointed, and not being within the Bills of Mortality, or within Four Miles of the said Royal Hospital, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned, shall be signed by the Minister and One of the Churchwardens; and it in Scotland, by the Mini Her and One of the Eiders of the Parish or Place in which such Person shall reside at the Time of making such Order; and if the Person making such Older shall be a Non-cora-roiflioned Officer of Marines, or a Marine, at Head Quarters, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned, shall be signed by the Colonel or Commanding Officer for the Time being, and the Adjutant of the Division o^ Marines to which such Person so making such Order shall at the Time belong 5 and if the Person making such Order shall be on Shore at Sick Quarters, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before-mentioned, shall be limned by the Surgeon at such Sick Quarters and One of his Affiftautst which Certificate shall be written or printed on the same Paper containing such Order, and vehieh Order and Certificate being presented together, and the said Order being paid, such Order and Certificate shall remain with the Agent or Agents to the Captors, or the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital or his Deputy, paying the same:

' All Orders Provided always, that every such Order, as above described, shall revokeable. be revokeable at Pleasure by the Person making the same: Provided No Orders valid also, that no such Order fhdl be vaiid to authorize the Receipt of any wher« the Party Prize Money cr Bounty Money which shall be in course of Payment entitled is ct Distribution, if the Party making such Order shall be then redding jefidenu or dwelling within the Dillance of Five Miles from the Place where

such Prize Money or Bounty Money shall be payable; and if any Agent or Agents for Prizes shall pay or cause to be paid any Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money to any Person or Persons, upon any Order made within that Didance of the Place whtre such-Prize Money or Bounty Money shall be payable, such Prize Money or Bounty Money being in course of Distribution at the Time of making such Order, such Payment shall be void to all Intents and Purposes; and the Agent or Agents making the same shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, and

applied

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 123. 535

applied in such Manner respectively as is hercio-after mentioned 5 and Forging Order* if any Person or Persons shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or p^lonv within*cause or procure any other Person or Persons falftly to make, forge, clergy. 1*or counterfeit, or shall willingly act or assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting any such Order 01 Certificate as above specified, or shall utter or publish as true any such false, forged, or counterfeited Order or Certificate, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, with latent to defraud any Person or Persons, or any Corporation, every such Person being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall insert Altering Orders, or cause to be inftrted in any Order or Authority (or receiving Prize Mii'demwnur. Money, after Atttftdtion thereof as herein-before directed. the Name of any Prize or Biur.ty Money, other than what shall have been originally expressed in the faM Order or Authority when the same shall have been attested, the said Person shall for every such Offence be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and be punishrd accordingly.

41 Orders or Powers of Attorney, heretofore made under 43 G 3.

" c. 16o. or any other Acts now repealed, shall become void iinkfs " they are made to a Wife, Child, Father, Mother, Grandfather,

" Grandmother, Brother, Siller, Uncle, Aunt, Nephew, or Niece 41 of the Party giving the Order. §15.

XVI. And Whereas it hath been deemed expedient that the Provisions contained in the said recited Act, respecting the unclaimed and unpaid Shares of Soldiers serving in any conjunft Expedition with His Majesty's Naval Force?, should be explained and amended,

and that several of the other Provisions contained in the same Act,

and also of those herein contained, should be extended to or in favour

of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea % and for the Benefit of the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty's Army, Royal Artillery, Provincial Black, and all other Troops in the Pay of His Majesty, in cases of conjunft Expeditions of the Army and Navy Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforetyd. That all unclaimed and unpaid Unclaimed Shares of Prize or Balances remaining unpaid to Officers and Soldiers ^£re8> &c* of the Army, Royal Artillery, Provincial, Black, and all other Soldiere in the Troops in the Pay of His Majesty, in Cases of such conjunft Ex- Array, in cases peditions as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Deputy ofconjunA Treasurer for the Time being of Chelsea Hospital, within Four Expeditions, Months next after the Day on which Distribution thereof shall be, 0,

notified pursuant to this Act, subject nevertheless to be refunded to chelsea Hospital* any Individual entitled to the same, and establishing his Claim thereto, and several Bene-within Six Years after such Payment thereof; and that such of the fits of said Act same Shares or Balances as shall not be legal y demanded within the 45 G, 3. c. 72. fa?d Term of Six Years, and also the Shares of Prize of all such Offi- 55!t5^ej!tot* cers and Soldiers as shall be marked in the Books of any Regiment or*°*Hta'*

Corps in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as having

deserted therefrom, shall be forfeited to and to the Use of Chelsea Hospital aforesaid, unless such Soldiers as shall have deserted shall be restored by His Majesty's Proclamation, or otherwise pardoned; and unless with respect to the Shares of such Officers and Soldiers as shall not be claimed within the said Period of Six Years, reasonable Cause shall be shewn to and allowed by the Commissioners for managing the

M m 4 Affaira

53*

In conjunct Expeditions, Registran of Vice Admiralty Courts shall traufm'it to Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital Lifts of Prizes, he.

Judges of Admiralty Courts shall adopt the like Measures in' favour of Chelsea as Greenwich Hospital; and Agents shall transmit Notices of Condemnation to Chelsea Hospital.

Agents shall deliver Notifications of Dilhi-lmtion of Prizes, &c. for Chelsea fiuspital.

C. 123.'49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Affairs of the said Hospital, or by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, why such last mentioned Shares were not claimed in due Time; and that it ftnll be hwful for the said ialt mentioned Treasurer or his Deputy to compel the Agents for the Army to bring in the Proceeds of the Sales of Prizes into Court, and to enforce Distribu-tio; thereof, and to exhibit and verify their Accounts, and pay over the Balances thereof in like Manner and by the like Means and Methods as the Treasurer of the Navy, the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or any Captors, is or are by the said recited Act or this pres nt At), or any other Law, empowered to compel the bringing in of Proceed* and enforcing Distribution thereof, and the Production and Verification of Accounts and Payment of unclaimed Shares and Balances by the Naval Prize AgentP, and under and subject to the same or the like Penalties or Forfeitures for every Refusal or Negiedl in the Premists, as they are liable to in respect of any Shares, Balances, and Acounts, directed by the said recited Act to be paid or produced to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in ail Cases of such con-jundl Expeditions as aforesaid, the Registrars of every Vice Admiralty Court shall transmit to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, to be regidered there, such Lills of Prizes, and other Particulars and Documents relating thereto, and also such Copies of Entries in their Books relative to any Matters in which the Officers and Soldiers of the Army shall be concerned or intcrelied, and of Letters of Attorney of Offi ers and Soldiers in the At my rtgiilered in their Courts, as they are hereby directed to transmit to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, and at the same Times, and under tbf same Penalties for Neglects therein respectively; and that true Copies of such Letters of Attorney, so to be transmit ted and rtgiilered, shall be Evidence of Agency in like Manner as in the said recited Act is mentioned in that Behalf, respecting the Copies transmitted to and registered by the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of such conjunct Expeditions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Judge of any Vice Admiralty Court, in all Cases of Condemnation, wherp there is no Claimant or Appellant before the Court, and for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all Cases where any Sentence of Conce r.nation pronounced in that Court is appealed from, to adopt such Measures and Procedings in favour or on behalf of Chelsea Hospital, respecting the Proceeds of all Prizes in which the Officers and Soldiers of the Army employed in such Expeditions shall beinterelied, as the said Judges respectively are by the said recited Act authorised to adopt in favour or on behalf of Greenwich Hospital; and that every Agent rcfiJent in the United Kingdom shall, within Six Weeks after any Condemnation in the said High Court of Admiralty, transmit such Notice to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Che'sea Hospital, as he is diredrd by the said recited Act to transmit to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, and under the same Penalty for every Negltd in that Behalf.

XIX. And belt further enacted, That in all Cases of such con-

i*u .& Expeditions as aforesaid, the Persons or Agents appointed as lerein is mentioned or referred to, for the Payment of the Shares of Prizes, shall after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken upon any of such Expeditions! deliver to the Collector,

Comptroller,

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. III. C. 123. |37

Comptroller, Searcher, or other Officer herein mentioned in that

Behalf, a printed or written Notification, to be subscribed and transmitted by him to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, of the Time of Payment of the Shares of the fames Prizes, and pit Particulars relating thereto, and also together therewith a written Notification of the Amount of an individual Share in each Oafs, in like Manner a* such Notifications are hereby directed to be transmitted to the Treahmr of Greenwich, Hospital, and under the same Penalties for nc^ieding to deliver Qr trpnsmit the same Notifications to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital as aforesaid; and that all such Notifications to be transmitted to and registered at that Hospital as aforesaid shall, on such Proof as in the said recited Act is mentioned, be Evidence in Manner therein expressed in that Pehalf.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Officro of the Commissioned Officer of the Army shall dir«&, by any Order in Army may direct 'Writing, that his distributive Share or Balance of any Prize or Prizes their Shares to shall not be paid over to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Wltht*

Hospital, the same shall remain in the Hands of the Agent, subject to^pll such further Orders as such Officer may give respecting the same.

2£XI. And be it further enacted, That no Deduction shall b« No Deduction allowed, on any Account, in the Payments of unclaimed or forfeited allowed on un-8hares and Balances paid over to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer claimed Shares of Chelfcq Hospital, for any Sums not appearing upon the Prize Lift Voucher of Distribution to have been thereon paid and acknowledged, unless satisfactory Vouchers from the Parties, or their lawful Attornies, shall be produced for the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Shares of Prize Shares of No* Money due and to become due to NonTCommissioned Officers and commissioned Soldiers of the Army, in cases of such ponjund Expeditions as afore- ^c.er8a"fl said, shall be paid by the Agent, or by the Treasurer or Deputy ArmyTincafea Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, or his Chief Clrrk (as the Case may ofconjunft ^require), to the Persons entitled thereto, or Persons authorised by an Expeditions, Order in the Form let forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, shall be.marked (C.) to receive the same; which Order shall specify the Place,

Fortref8, or Ships, out of which the Prize Money shall have arisen, SchedttofC.)

together with the Name of the Regiment or Corps to which such an(j (D.)

Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall have belonged at the Time

of the Capture; and the Person making such Order shall also procure

and produce a Certificate in the Form or to the Efft& set forth in the

laid Schedule marked (C ), which Certificate shall be signed by the

Commanding Officer, Adjutant, and Paymaster of the Regiment in which such Person shall be serving, provided the Signatures of such

Officers can be obtained; and ip case the Signatures of all or any of such respective Officers cannot be obtained, by reason of the Regiment

or Part of the Regiment being on Detachment, or other unavoidable

Cause, then and in such Qafe such Certificate shall be signed by such

of the said Officers as may be present where the Non-commissioned

Officer or Soldier is then serving, and any other Commissioned Officers of the Regiment or Corps then present, so that there shall not be

less than the Signatures of Three Commissioned Officers to such

Certificate \ or in case such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be detached from his Regiment, or be in any Hospital or Sick

Quarters, so that h? cannot procure such Certificate of his Officers as

above*

53*

C. 123:

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

is. Stamp Duty «n Orders.

Receipts for Prize Money exempt from Stamp Duty.

Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital may appoint a Deputy. Regulations of 45 G. 3. c. 72, for refunding

above-mentioned, the same shall be dated particularly on the Order, and the Certificate shall be signed by the Three senior Officers belonging to such Detachment, or by the Surgeon or principal Medical Officer belonging to such Hospital or Sick Quarters (as the Case may require), and by Two other principal Military or Civil Officers belonging to such Hospital, or residing at such Quarters; or in case such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall have been discharged from the Service, then he shall procure and produce a Certificate in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed marked (D.)f and which shall be signed by the Miniiler and One of the Churchwardens, or (if in Scotland) by the Minister and One of the JElders of the Parish or Place in which such discharged Nor.-commissioned Officer or Soldier may then reside; or if such Non commissiond Officer or Soldier shall be dead, then the Person entitled to receive his Share of such Prize or Bounty Money shall procure and produce a Certificate in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed marked (E.), which Certificate shall be signed by the Minister and One of the Churchwardens, or (if in Scotland) by the Minister and One of the Elders of the Parish or Place in which such terson shall then reside: Provided always, that every such Order as above described shall be revokeable by the Person making the same: Provided also, that no such Order shall be valid to authorize the Receipt of any Prize Money or Bounty Money which shall be in course of Payment or Distribution to any such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier as aforesaid, if the Party making such Order shall be thtn residing or dwelling within the Distance of Five Miles from the Place where such Prize Money or Bounty Money shall be payable; and if any Agent or Agents for Prizes shall pay or cause to be pa; d any Share of Prize Monty or Bounty Money to any Person or Persons upon any Order made within the Distance aforesaid from the Place where such Prize Money or Bonnty Money shall be payable, such Prize Money or Bounty Money being in course of Distribution at the Time of making such Order, such Payment shall be void to all Intents and Purposes; and the Agent or Agents making the same shall forfeit the like Penalty as herein-before mentioned with respect to Payments made to the Orders of Pet*y Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, under the like Circumstances, and shall be recovered, with full Cotta of Suit, and applied resptft*vcly io such Manner as herein after mentioned.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Stamp Duty on every of such Orders, there shall not be mote than the Sum of One Shilling paid for each Person subscribing the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Receipts given or taken for Prize Momy, or Balances paid or received by the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea HofpttaU shall be exempt from and not liable to any Duty of Stamps whatsoever; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, in such Cases as aforesaid, to appoint a Deputy or Deputies for receiving Appluattons and Claims for Army Prize Monies, as the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital is by the said recited Act authorised respecting the Navy Prize Monies; and that the Mode3 and Regulations directed by the same Act, for refunding

Shares

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 123.

Shares of Prize Money paid into Greenwich Hospital, and for facilitating the Payment of Prize Money to Seamen, and preventing Frauds attending the same, shall be pursued and adopted for refunding Shares of Prize Money paid into Chelfed Hospital, and for facilitating the Payment of Prize Money to Officers and Soldiers of the Army, and preventing Frauds attending the same, or as nearly as may be and Circumstances will permit, and under the same Penalty for receiving any Fee or Reward for remitting or paying any such Money front Chelsea Hospital; and also that the Provisions and Directions herein contained respecting aDy Grants made or to be made by His Majtrily, his Heirs or Successor3, and the full Benefit thereof, shall extend and apply to and in favour of Chelsea Hospital as well as Greenwich Hospital in Cafrg of such conjunct Expeditions as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital shall and may have and exercise the same or the like Libctty or Privilege of receiving and fcndingr Letters or Packets upon any Business or Affairs relative to such Prize Matters as aforesaid, free from the Duty of Postage, in the same or the like Manner, and with the same or the like Regulations, and under the lame Penalty for every Abuse of such Liberty or Privilege, as is hereby or in any former Act enacted or mentioned rtipecting the Treasurer of Green wich Hospital in that Behalf.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Expences incurred or to be incurred in executing this Act, and also the Lid recited Act, and the Sums paid in remunerating the Officers or Persons employed on beha'f of Chelsea Hospital, for their Care, Pains and Trouble in performing the Regulations and Directions thereof, shall, so far as the same relates to those Officers or Perf ms, be subject to the Discretion of the Commissioners for managing the Affairs of the same Hospital, and shall be paid out of the Intcrett of unclaimed Shares, or Shares of 4eferted Men, inveiled in Government Securities, or, if necessary, out of the principal Monies in the Hands of the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said last mentioned Hospital, on account of such Shares respectively; the Accounts of the said Expences and Remunerations being annually returned to Parliament: Provided never-thtless, that no Person employed by the said Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, in executing the Regulations of this Act or the said recited Act, shall act as an Agent for Prizes, or be concerned, d'rc&ly or indirectly, in the Business thereof, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall willingly and knowingly personate or falsely assume the Name or Character of any Officer, Soldier, or other Person in the Army, entitled or supposed to be entitled to any Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money, for Service done on any such conjtin& Expedition as aforesaid, or of the Executor or Administrator, Wife, Relation, or Creditor of any such Officer, Soldier or other Person, in order to receive any Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money, due or supposed to be due or payable for or on account of any such Services as aforesaid; or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Order, Certificate, Assignment, last Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Prize Money or

Bounty

53*

Shares, &c. paid into Greenwich Hospital, shall be adopted as to Chelsea HospimL

Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital may receive and fend Letters, &c. free of Postage, 8k.

Rermineration to Officers of Chelsea Hofphal shall be paid oul of unohriwad Shares, &e.

Pevfonating Officers or Soldiers in the Army, or their Executors, &c, or forging any Will or Power, or taking a false Oath to obtain Probate of WiU or Adminillta-tion, Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

540

C.I2J* 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money, which shall be due or supposed to be due for any such Services as aforesaid; or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath, or procure any other Person to take a false Oath, to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Administration in order to receive any Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Morey, which shall be due or supposed to be due to any such Officer, Soldier, or other Person as aforesaid, who shall have really Herved, or shall be supposed to have served on any such conjunct Ex* pedition as aforesaid, or shall utter or publish as true, any false, forged or counterfeited Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Order, Certificate, Assignment, lad Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Monty, c ue or supposed to be due to any Officer, Soldier, or other Person who shall have really served, or who shall be supposed to have frrved as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Commissioners or Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chefia Hospital, or any Army Prize Agent, or any Person or Corporation whomsoever, knowing the same to he false, forged or counterfeited, every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convictea, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy,

*4 Agents for distributeing Royal or Parliamentary Grants heretofore made shall account to Greenwich and Chelsea Hospitals for all 4< forfeited and unclaimed Shares of such Grants, within Four Months u after the passing of this Act, &c. §29.

Agents for Royal or Parliamentary Grants shall adrertife the Distribution, &c. and a# as is required with rrip€<Sl to Prize Money by 45 G. 3. f. 72.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Grant shall hereafter be made by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by Parliament, to the Captors of any Prize, Booty, or other Propeitv, or for any V.&ory, and the said Grant, of whatever Nature it may be, shall not come under the Description of Prize Money arising from Captures legally condemned in any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, but be cunfidertd as 3 Bounty gratuitously given, and of which the unclaimed Shares would for that Reason net be paid into Greenwich Hospital, and might not be accounted for in any Manner, the Ageut or Agent?, or Persons who shall diilnbute the said Grants, (had advertise the said Ditlributions, and transmit Notice of the Amount of the Shares therein to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and to the Treasurer 01/Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, as in Cases of ordinary Distributions of Prize Money, and shall also at the Expiration of Four Months next after the Day on which Distributions shall have been notified, deliver, or transmit to the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office a correct Copy of the Diltnbution Litis of such Grauts, with an Account of the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors or to others on their Behalf, and pay over all Shares and Balances then remaining in his or their Hands unpaid and undiitributed, to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or such Person or Persons as he shall depute or appoint as aforesaid to receive the same, and render and verify his and their Accounts in the Manner by the said Act of the Foity-fifth Year of His present Majesty directed, under the like Penalties for Negled of Duty as are by the said Act imposed for neglecting to make, 'render,

and

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 123.

and verify such PaymeRts and Accounts, within Four Months after the first Distribution of the Prize and Bounty Money in the said Act mentioned.

XXXI. And be it further eng&ed, That all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, and Pc-nalties, mentioned in the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, and this Act, respecting Prizes taken from the Enemy, shall be extended to the Distribution of the Amount of all Seizures for Offences committed against the Revenue Laws, when made by any Ship or Vessel of War in the S rvice of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as if the same were re-enacted in this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the Matters herein-before required to be verified on Oath, or suborn any other Person so to do, such Person or Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are in curred by Persons coma itting wilful and corrupt Perjury, and the said Offences, though committed out of this Realm, may be alledged to be committed and may be laid, inquired of, tried, and determined in any County of England, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been actually done or committed within the Body of such County.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, wheresoever the same shall arise or be* come forfeited, may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or on Motion and Attachment thereon in His Majesty 9s High Court of Admiralty; and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act which shall arise or become forfeited in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions abroad, may be recovered in any Court of Record of His Majesty in the Colony, Territory, or Place where the same shall arise or have become forfeited, or in any of His Majesty's Vice Admiralty Courts having Jurisdiction there.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Agent or Person is by this Act made subject to the Forfeiture of any Sum of Money equal to any Money remaining in his Hands, or to the Amount of any Balances or Shares, such Sum or Sums of Money shall, on Recovery thereof, go and be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall have been aggrieved by the Miscon* dud of such Agent or Person; and all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, other than as aforesaid, and other than such as are not hereby otherwise disposed of, shall go and be applied to the Use of the Commissi >ner3 and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in all Cases relating to the Naval Service, and to the Use of the Commissioners for managing the Affairs of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea in'all Cases relating to the Service of the Army, and shall be sued for in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or in the Names of the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, as the Case may require.

XXXV. And Whereas it has frequently happened that Frauds f have been practised upon Petty Officers and Seamen in the Navy,

and on Non* commi (Boned Officers of Marines, and Marines, by

Persons of bad Character, who have been authorised by them to ' receive Wages, Pay, Prize Money and Bounty Money, to which they

Provisian* of 4SG. 3. C. 7* extended to Distribution of Seizures for Offences again# t$e Revenue.

Penalties o* Perjury and Subornation of Perjury,

Recovery of Penalties.

Application of Penalties.

542

No Person shall receive Wages or Prize Money of Petty Officers, Seamen, &c. tmless duly fieenfed:

Except Wives, Parents, &c.

Penalty on Persons falsely representing themselves to be Relations, and on Agents receiving Wages, &c. after Licence revoked; Mifde meaner.

Agents shall take out Licenses from the Treasurer of the Navy. Schedule (F.)

C. 123. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

they were entitled Be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person within the United Kingdom, to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, due or to become due to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Mari ?es, or Marine, or Non-commissioned Officer or Solditr in the Army, for or on account or his Services respectively on board any of His Majesty's Ships, or in the Capture of any Fortress upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, or Treasur-, on any such conjunct Expedition as aforesaid, under any such Orders as herein-before mentioned, other than and except Persons who shall be duly licensed in the Manner herein after mentioned for that Purpose: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be c mftrued to extend to prevent any such Petty Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, Marines, or Soldiers from giving such Orders to receive their Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Bounty Money to their Wives, or to the Persons in the several Degrees of Relationship following; that is to say, Parents, Children, Brothers or Sifters of such Petty Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall falsely represent himself or herfdf to be within any of the Degrees of Relationship in Blood a* before described, in order to enable himself or herself to receive any Prize Monty or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money due or to grow due for or on account of the Services of any such Petty Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, under any such Order as aforesaid, or who, not being within any such Degree of Relationship. and tiot being licensed as aforesaid, shall receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Morey, or other Allowances of Money for the Use of any such Petty Officer, Non commissioned Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier; or if any Agent or Person whose Licence shall have been revoked as herein after mentioned shall offer himself to receive, or shall receive any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Monty, or other Allowance of Money, not being within any of the Degrees of Relationship aforesaid, and being thereof duly convi£Ld, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person before he shall act as an Agent for receiving the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, or other Allowances of Money of any such Petty Officers, Non-com'r.iffiontd Officers, Seamen, Marines, or Soldiers, shall take out a Licence for that Purpose in the Form in the Schedule hereto annexed, ma ked (F.) from the Treasurer of Pits Majesty's Navy for the Time being, who is hereby authorised and empowered to grant the same on good and Efficient Security (to be approved of by the said Treasurer) being given by Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, that such Person so taking out such Licence shall demean himself properlyf and duly account to all Persons for whom or for whose Use any fych Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Bounty Money, shall have come to his Hands, and for which Licence no more than Five Shillings, over and above any Stamp Duties that may be due and payable thereon, shall be paid by any Person taking out the same, which Licence shall be in force for the Space of Three Years from the Date thereof:

Provided

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after the taking out of any such Licence, it shall appear to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being that any such licensed Agent hath abused the Trust reposed in him by not duly accounting to any Person or Persons by whom he shall have been empowered to receive any such Wajjres, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, or other Allowances of Money as aforesaid, for the Sum or Sums of Money by him received in that Behalf, or by practising any Fraud or Imposition on any such Person or Person*, then and in that Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Treasurer, by any Writing under his Hand to be delivered to such Licensed Agent, or left at his lad or most usual Place of Abode, or Place where his Business of Agency shall be carried on, to revoke the Licence so to be granted or taken out as aforesaid, which Revocation, if such Agent1* Place of transading Agency Business shall be in London or within the Bill* of Mortality, shall btf published io the London Gazette, and if in the Country or out of the said Bills of Mortality, also in some Publick Newspaper in Circulation at or near to the Place where such Agent shall tmnfad his Business c f Agency, for the Information of all Persons interested in Wage* or Prize Morey, and thenceforth the Power and Authority of such Agent to demand and receive Wages, Pay, Prze Money, Bounty Mon«y, and other Allowances of Money due or to grow due on account of the Services of any such Petty Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, Marines, or Soldiers, shall absolutely ccafe and determine.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Names and Place of Abode and of transading Agency Bufinef* of every such Licensed Agent, shall be inserted in a List and hung up in the Hall of the Navy Pay Office in Somerset Place, and in same conspicuou© Place in each of the Navy Pay Office at the several Out Ports of the United Kingdom, for the Infptd'on of all Persons who shall rtfort thither on Bufinef?, and which Lifts shall be renewed from Time to Time as Occasion may rtqu re.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That as often as any such lictnftd Agent shall remove or change his Office or Piace of con-duding the Business of Apency, he shall within Fourteen Day* after every such Removal or Change of Place, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being, on pain of forfeiting to His Majesty for every Neglect the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by Action or Suie in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record within the United Kingdom.

XL. And Whereas the said Act passed in the Forty.fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign contains sundry Provisions and 1 Regulations touching Matters that had arisen or might arise in consequence of the gtntral Reprisals which His Majesty had been pleased

to order against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects of the several

Powers with whom His Majesty wa< engaged in War at the Time

of the passing of the said Act: And Whereas His Majesty hath

' ilnce the puffing of the said Act deemed it needfary, for the Honour

of his Crown and the Safety of his People, to order that general

Reprisals should be granted against the Ships, Goods, and Subjeda

of States then in Amity^with His Majesty B? it therefore further enacted, That all and every the Provisions and Regulation* contained

4 in

Licences (halt be revskeabte a Abuts Trust.

Names, See. of Licensed Agents shall be ported at Navy Pay Office,

&.C.

Agents changing their Places of Abode, &c. ft mil give N slice.

544 C. 123. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Privisions and Regulations of 45 G. 3. c. 72. and this Act applied to alt Cases arising from Orders of general Reprisal issued since the seated Act.

Commencement and Continuance nfAA.

in the said Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same arc not varied, altered, or repealed by this present Act, and also all and every the Provision* and Regulations in this present Act contained, shall be applied to all Cases arising from the said Orders of general Reprisal issued since the passing of the said Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, in like Manner and to the like Effect as the said Provisions and Regulations are therein and herein respectively directed to be applied to all Cases arising from the Orders of general Reprisal recited in the said latt mentioned Act, and shall extend to all Proceedings which have been or may hereafter be 'had in consequence of the Orders of Reprisal issued since the passing of the said Act, in as full Force and Effect as if the same were particularly enacted in this Act, subject nevertheless, with respect to the Distribution of any Prize Money or Bounty Money arising in consequence of general Reprisals issued since the passing of the said recited Act, to such Provisions and Regulations as His Majesty hath already thought fit or may hereafter think fit to establish by Proclamation or Proclamations for that Purpose; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect at the following Periods 5 that is to say, at all Places in the West Indies and America at the Expiration of Sis Months; at all Places in the East Indies at the Expiration of Twelve Months; and at all other Places from and after the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine; and that it shall continue in force for the Time limited for the Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty herein-before recited, and no longer, save and except as to all Matters and Things as are in the said Act limiting its Duration saved and excepted; and also save and except the Regulations regarding all Powers and Interests given to the Treasurer of the Navy and his Officers, and to the Commissioners and Governors, Treasurer, Secretary, and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and the Commissioners, Treasurer, and Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, either by the said recited Act or by this Act, all which shall continue in force until repealed by any subsequent Act of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Act of Parliament, 49th Geo. III. Chap. Scdion

Navy Pay Office, London.

T Request that the Prize Money noted on the Document which A will be produced herewith may be paid, or that a Reason may be assigned for its Disallowance, in the Manner pointed out in the above Act of Parliament.

A. B Officer for Prizes; or, C.D. Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hospital, (<as the Case may he )

6

A.D. 1809. GEO. III. C. 123.

SCHEDULE (B.)

[Here insert the Place where and Time when the Order is made.]

Day of 180

Sevfn Days Sight pay to or his Order,

the Amount of my Share of Prize or Bounty Money, for the Capture nf [Here insert the Names of the Prizes, and Time of Capture, or give such other Description of them as shall he satisfactory to the Agent and the^ Officers of Greenwich Hospital] when serving on board His Majesty's Ship or Vessel the in Quality of

To the Agent for the said Capture, 7 r, the proper Officers of Greenwich Hospital. J

These zYe to certify. That we have examined the said who signed the above Order in our Presence, and from the Documents he has shewn uc, viz.

[here insert the Nature of the Documents, whether they are Invalid Tickets, Certificates, or other wise, and by what Officer they are fgned] and his Answers to our Qu-ftions, we have r<*afon to believe that he was serving on board the said Ship at the Time of making the Captures above specified; he fays he was born at in the County of that he is Years

of Age, of a Complexion, Eyes, and

Hair.

[If the Party is discharged from the Service, fate the Time and Cause of Discharge.]

Given under our Hands

Note. — This Certificate to be signed by the Captain or Commanding Officer, and oue other signing Officer of the Ship to which the Party belong?.

If discharged from the Service, and resident at any Place where there is a Deputy or Agent of the Hospital, to be signed by that Deputy.

If within Four Miles of the Hospital, by the Clerk of the Cheque or his Chief Clerk.

If at any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, by the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, or his Assistant.

If by Marines at Head Quarters, to be signed by the Colonel or Commanding Officer and the Adjutant.

If by any Person at Sick Quarters, to be signed by the Surgeon and one of his Assistants.

If at any other Place in England, to be signed by the Minister and one of the Churchwardens; and if in Scotland, by the Minister and one of the Elders.

SCHEDULE (C.)

[ Place^ [Date']

AT Seven Day3 Sight pay to or Order,

the Amoant of the Share of Prize or Bounty Money due to in respect of Service as a

n the Regiment of at the Capture of

in the Month of 18

To Agent for the Capture of

or, To the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer Chelsea Hospital {as the Case may require.)

49° GEO. III. Nn CERTI-

C. 123. 4$ GEO. III. A.D. 1809S.

CERTIFICATE for a Soldier now serving.

THESE are to certify, That we have examined the above-named who signed or acknowledged the above Order in our Presence, and from the Documents which he has shewn us, and his Aufwcra to our Questions, we'have Reason to believe that the said was serving in the above-mentioned Regiment at the Time of making the said Caoture, and that he is now serving as a in the Regiment of

Given under our Hands at the*Day

of 18

Commanding Officer.

Adjutant.

Paymaster.

CERTIFICATE for a Soldier who has been discharged.

(D.)

THESE are to certify, That we have examined the above-named "* who signed or acknowledged the above

Order in our Presence, and from the Documents which he has shewn us, and his Answers to our Questions, we have Reason to believe that the said was serving in the above-mentioned

Regiment at the Time of making the above Capture, and that be was discharged on the Day of 18

that he now resides in this Parish, and is an Out-Pensioner of Chelsea Hospital.

Given under our Hands at this Day

of 18

N.B. If not a Pensioner, those Words to be erased.

Minister,

Churchwarden,

or

Elder (as the Case may he.)

CERTIFICATE for a Person who is entitled to the Prize Money of a deceased Soldier.

(E.)

THESE are to certify, That we have examined the above-named

who signed or acknowledged the above Order in our Presence, and from the Documents annexed, and his [or, her] Answers to our Questions, we have Reason to believe that the above-named is dead, and that the said is the to the said

deceased, and that he [or, die] now resides in this Parish.

Given under our Hands at the Day.

of 18

Minister,

Churchwarden,

N.B. Annex the Docu- or

merits a.ludtd to Elder (as the Case may he.)

FORM

A.D. 1809.

C. 123, 124*

49° GEO. III. C. 123, 124*

FORM OF LICENCE.

(*)

T Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, do

hereby, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, initituled, An Act, [insert the Title of the A3] grant L cence to of in the

of to act as an Agent in the Receipt of W?ges,

Pay, Prize Money and Bounty Money, granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be passed for and in respect of the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, on board any of His Majesty, a Ships; and <*lfo any Bounty Money given or granted by His Majesty in respect of the Service of any such Persons as aforesaid, for Prize* or Captures not proceeded against to Condemnation in the Court of Admiralty and Vice Admiralty: This Licence to continue in force for the Space of Three Years from the Date hereof, determinable nevertheless for such Cause or Causes as in and by the said Act of the Forty.ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty is in that Behalf expressed. Given under my Hand, and sealed with the Seal of Office, at the Navy Pay Office, Somerset-Place, the Day of One thousand eight hundred

547

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act for altering, emending, and explaining certain Acts relative to the Removal of the Poor, and for making Regulations in certain Cases touching the Examination of Paupers as to their Settlement; and for extending to all Parishes certain Rules and Orders in Workhouses, under an Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

[20th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to prevent 35 G. 3. c. 101

the Removal of Poor Persons until they shall become actually chargeable, §2*

it is amongst other Things enacted, That in case any Poor Person shall be brought before any Justice or Justiaes of the Peace for the

Purpose of being removed from the Place where he or she is inhabiting or sojourning, by virtue of afcv Order of Removal, or of

being passed by virtue of any Vagrant Pass, and it shall appear to

the said Justice or Justicea that such Poor Person i3 unable to travel

4 by reason of Sickness or other Infirmity, or that it would be dangerous for him or her so to do, the Justice or Justices making such Order of Removal or granting such Vagrant Pass, art r quired mi authorised to suspend the Execution of the same until they are satisfied that it may fastly be executed without Danger to any Person who is the Subject thereof, and that the Charges proved upon Oath to have been incurred by such Suspension of any Ordtr of Removal, may by the said Justices be directed to be paid by the 1 Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish or Place to which such Poor Person is ordered to be removed, in case any Removal shall

548

C. 124. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Where any Order oT Removal, &. c. shall be suspended, any Justice for the Place may order the same to be executed, &c.

How Time of appealing shall be computed.

Order of Removal suspended in case of M( Kness, may be exr«nded to other Persons of the Family.

take place, or in cab of the Death of such Poor Person before the Execution of such Order: And by the same Act it is further enacted, That in case of an Apoeal against any Order for the Paywent of such Charges, if the Court of Quarter St (lions shall he of

Opinion that the Sum so awarded he more than of right ought to

have been directed to be paid, such Court may and is thereby directed to strike out the Sum contained in the said Order, and insert the Sum which in the Judgment of such Court ought to be paid; and in every such Case the Court of Quarter Sessions shall direct that the said Order so amended shall be carried into Execution by the said Justices by whom the Order w*s originally made, or either of them,

or in case of the Death of either of them, by such other Justice or Justices as the Court shall din d: And Whereas it is expedient that the Power of putting an End to the Suspendons of any such Order of Removal or Pals* and of executing the several or other Authorities aforesaid, (h->uld not he confined to the Order of the Justice or Justices making such Order or Pass; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King1* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adr: ce and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this orefent Parliament a (Tern bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, m all Cases wherever the Execution of any Order of Removal or of any Vagrant Pass shall be hereafter suspended by virtue of the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for any other Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or other Junf-didioo within which such Removal or Pass shall be made, to direct and order that the same shall be executed, and to direct the Charges to be incurred as aforesaid to be paid, and to carry into Execution any such amended Orders as aforesaid. as fully and effVdually to all Inteuts and Purposegas the said resptdive Powers and Authorities can or may be executed by the said Justices who shall maktanv such Order of Removal, or by the Justice who shall grant any such P^fs as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enrded, That when the Execution of any such Order of Removal shall be suspended, the Time of appealing against such Order shall be computed according to the Rules which govern other like Cases from the Time of serving such Order, and not. from the Time of making such Removal under and by virtue of the same.

III. And, in order to avoid any Pretence for forcibly separating Husband and Wife, or other Persons nearly connt&ed with or related to each other, and who are living together as one Family at thje Time of any Order of Removal made or Vagrant Pass granted, during the dangerous Sickness or other Iufirmity of any one or more of such Family, on whose Account the Execution of such Order of Removal or Vagianc Pass is suspenced lie it further en^fled and declared, That where any Order of Removal or Vagrant Pass shall be suspended by virtue of this or of the said recited Act, 00 account of the dangerous Sickiufa or other Infirmity of any Person or Persons thereby drc&ed to be removed or palied, the Execution of such Order of Removal or Vagrant Pass shall also be lufptr.ded for the same Period with r spe<9: to every other Person named therein, who was actually of the same Household or Family of such lick or infirm Person or Persons at the Time of such Order of Removal made or Vagrant Pass granted.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 124, 125.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any Pauper is by Age, Illness, or Infirmity unable to be brought up to the Petty Sessions to be examined as to his or her Settlement, it shall be lawful for any One Magistrate acting for the Dilbri6t where such Pauper shall be, to uke the Examination of the said Pauper, and to report the tame to any other Magistrate or Magistrates ?ci ng for the said Didrift, and for the said Magistrate9 upon such Report to adjudge the Settlement of the said Pauper, and make and (ufoend the Order of Removal, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposei as if the said Pauprr hadsappeared before Two Ma^iftratee.

V. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; certain Rules, Orders, Bye Laws, and Regulations are appointed to be obforved and en-

forced in every Poor House established under the Authority of the said Act: And Whereas it is exoeditnt that such Rules, Orders, ' Bye Laws, and Regulations should be extended ta Poor Houses and Workhouses tfttbhshed in other Parishea; it is hereby enzfted. That any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, may at mny Petty Sessions direct such Rules, Orders, Bye Laws, and Regulations, or any of them, to be observed and executed in any Parishes within their resptftiv* Divisions or Distr.ftj, as fully as in those incorporated by the said Act.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.

[20th June 1809.]

WHEREAS great Advantage has been derived as well to the Publick as to Individuals, by the Establishment of Friendly Societies, under the Authority of an Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies: And Whereas it is expedient to make further Provision for the Attainment of the good

Purposes intended thereby; Be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person having been admitted a Member of any Society established under the Authority of the said Act, foall cfLnd against any of the Rules, Orders, or Regulations of such Society, it shall be lawrul for any Two Justces of the Peace residing within the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, City, Liberty, or Place within which such Society shall be held, upon Comolaint made on Oath by any Member of such Society, to issue their Summons to such Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, and upon his or her Appearance, or, in default thereof upon due Proof upon Oath of the Service of such Summons, such Justices shall proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint according to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations of the said Society confirmed as directed by the said Act, and shall make such Order therein as to them shall seem jud; and in case the said Justice shall adjudge any Sum of Money to be paid by such Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, and such

549

One Magistrate may examine an infirm Pauper as to his Settlement, and report to Petty Sessions.

Two Justices ip Petty Sessions may direct Regulations of 22 G. 3. C. 83, to be observed in any Parish.

33 G. 3. 0, 5th

Two Justices on Complaint may enforce the Observance of any Rules; and levy any Arrears by Distress and Sale,

; SS°

33 G. 3. C. 54.

35 G. 3. c. 111.

Benefits of -recited Act 33 G. 3. extended to all Societies complying with this Act.

Two Justices m iy order Relief under said Act, and shall specify die Time and Manner of Payment.

C. 125. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Person shall not on Notice of such Order forthwith pay the Sum of Money so adjudged to the Person or Persons, and in the Manner directed by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Person on whom such Order shall have been made, together with such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices, and aHo the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

II. And Whereas it was provided by the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, that no Society to be established for the Purposes therein recited should be deemed and taken to be within the Meaning of the same Act, unless the Rules of the Society should be filed at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, before the End of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, which Time was enlarged by an Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign to Michaelmas One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six: And Whereas it is expedient that all Societies which were established under the Authority of the first recited Act for the laudable Purposes thereby intended, previously to the same having been passed, should be allowed to file their Rules, notwithstanding their having omitted to do so within the Times limited; Be it therefore enacted, That all such Societies, the Rules, Orders, and Regulations of which shall have been exhibited, to the Justices of the Peace since Michaelmas One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall at any Time hereafter be exhibited in the Manner directed by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, and which shall have been or (frail be dealt with, examined, approved of and confirmed by the Justices in the Manner therein directed, and have been or shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace and filed as directed also by the said Act, shall be deemed and taken to be within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, as amply and for ail Purposes as if their Rules had been established within the Periods limited in either of the recited Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That if Complaint shall be made to Two such Justices of the Peace by any Member of such Societies, of Relief having been refused to him by any such Society, to which he shall be lawfully entitled according to the Rules of the Society to which he shall belong, it shall be lawful for the said Two Justices of the Peace residing within the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, City, Liberty, or Place, within which such Society shall be held, and such Justices are hereby required, upon Complaint made by or on the Behalf of the Person aggrieved thereby, to summon the Person, being an Officer of the Society against whom such Complaint shall be made, and upon his or her Appearance, or in default thereof, upon due Proof upon Oath of the Service of such Summons, such Justices shall proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint, and award such Sum of Money to be forthwith paid to the said Complainant as shall appear to such Justices to be due on such Award as aforesaid, together with such a Sum for Costs, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings, as to such Justices shall seem meet; and if the said Sums so to be awarded, together with such Ctffts, shall not be forthwith and in the Presence of such Justice or Justices paid to such Complainant) or to some Person or Persons there attending on the

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 125, 126.

Behalf of such Complainant, then such Justices shall by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, cause such Sum and Cods as aforesaid to be levied by Distress, or by Distref3 and Sale of the Monies, Goods, Chattels, Securities, and Efftds belonging to the said Society, together with all further Costs and Charges attending such D stress, or such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the said Society, or to one of the Treasurers or Trustees thereof, and in default of such Distress being found, then to be levied by Distress and Sale of the proper Goods of the Officer or Officers of the said Society so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, together with such further Costs and Charges as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner, and so from Time to Time as often as Complaint shall be made of the Non-payment of any Sum or Sums directed by such Order to be paid as aforesaid, such Justices shall by like Warrant cause such Arrears from Time to Time be levied in the Manner before directed: Provided always, that whatever Sums shall be paid by any such Offi; er or Officers, or levied on his or their proper Goods in pursuance of the Order of any Justice as aforesaid, shall be repaid, with all Damages accruing to him or them, by and out of the Monies belonging to such Society, or out of the first M jnics which shall thereafter be received by such Society.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Orders made by Justices of the Peace by virtue of the said Act or this Act, upon the Complaint of any Person having been admitted a Member of any Society established under the said Act, who shall be aggrieved by any Ad, Matter, or Thing done or omitted to be done by any such Society, shall be made upon the Presidents, Wardens, Stewards, Treasurers, Trustees, or other principal Officers of the Society to which such Complaint shall relate, or any One or more of them, or any of them, at the Discretion of the said Justices, in the proper Name or Names of such Officer or Officers; and every such Order may be served upon the Officer or Officers so named therein, either by delivering a Copy of the said Order to such Officer or Officers, or one of them, or leaving the same at his last or usual Place of Abode; and such Service shall be binding on such Officer or Officers, and on the Society to which such Officer or Officers shall belong, to do and perform, or cause to be done or performed, all and every the Matters and Things contained in and directed by such Order to be done according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Order, Adjudication, or Award of any Justice or Justices under this Act, shall be final and conclusive to^ all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be removed or removable into any Court of Law, or restrained or restraioable by the Injunction of any Court of Equity.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices.

[20th June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, Against buying and selling of Offices: And whereas it was in and by the said Act enacted, amongst other Things, That if any Person or Persons at any Time thereafter bargained or sold any Office or Offices, or Deputation

55*

Orders of Justices shall be made on Officers of Societies by Name, and served on them.

All such Ord shall be final

Recital of

ft. 5 & 6 fid- 6 c. 16.

C 136. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

tat ion of any Office or Offices, or any Part or Parcel of any of

them, or received, had, or took any Money, Fee, Reward, or any other Profit dirt&ly or indirectly, or took any Promise, Agreement* 4 Covenant, Bond, or any Assurance, tp receive or have any Money* 4 Fee, Reward, or other Profit, directly or indirectly, for any Office or Offices, or for the Deputation of any Office or Offices, or any Part of any of them, or t j the Intent that any Person should have,

exercise, or enjoy any Office or Offices, or the Deputation of any

Office or Offices, or any Part of any of them, which Office or Offices, or any Part or Parcel of them, shouldin any wise touch or concern the Administration or Execution of Justice, or the Receipt, Controlment. or Payment of any of the King's Highness Treasure, Money, Rent, Revenue, Account, Aulnage, Auditorship, or surveying of any of the King's Majesty's Honours, Castles, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Woods, or Hereditaments, or any of the King's Majesty's Customs, or any other Adu iuifi ration or necefLry Attendance to be had, done, or executed in any of the King's Majesty's Custom Ploufe or Houfts, or the keeping of any of the King's Majesty's Towns. Cdties, or Fortresses, being used, occupied, or appointed for Places of Strength and Defence, or which should concern or touch any Qerkship to be occupied in any Manner of Court of Record, wherein Justice was to be adroiniftered, that then ail and every such Person and Persons that should so bargain or fed any of the said Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputation, or that should take any Mney, Fee, Reward, or Profit for any of the Lid Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputations of any of the said Office.', or any Part of any of them, or that should take any Promise, Covenant, Bond, or Assurance for any Money, Reward, or Profit to be given for any of the said Office or Office?, Deputation or Deputations of any of the said Office or Offices, or any Part of any of them, should not only lose and forfeit all his and their Right, littered, and Estate which such Person or Persons

should then have, of, in, or tc, any of the said Office or Offices,

Deputation or Deputations or any Part of any of them, or of, in, or to, the Gift or Nomination of any of the said Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputations for the'which Office or Offices, or for the Deputation or Deputations of which Offices, or for any Part of any of them, any such Person or Persons should so make any Bargain or Sale, or take or receive any Sum of Money, Fee, Reward, Or Profit, or any Promise, Covenant, or Assurance to have or receive any Fee,

Reward, Money, or Profit, but also that all and every such Person or Persons that Should give or pay any Sum of Money, Reward, or Fee, or should make any Promise, Agreement, Bond, or Assurance for any of the said Offices, or for the Deputation or Deputations of any of the said Office or Offices, or any Part of any of them, should immediately by and upon the same Fee, Money, or Reward given or paid, or upon any such PromiL, Covenant, Bond, or Agreement had or made for any Fee, Sum of Money, or Reward, to be paid as is aforesaid, be adjudged a disabled Person in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, to have, occupy, or enjoy the said Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputations, or any Part of any of them, for the which such Person or Persons should so give or

pay any Sum of Money, Fee, or Reward, or make any Promise, Covenant, Bond, or other Assurance, to give or pay any Sum of

Money,

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. Cxa5* $33

Money, Fee, or Reward; and that all and every Aich Bargains*

Sales, Protnife8, Bonds, Agreements, Covenants, and Assurances

as before specified should be void to and against him and them by

whom any such Bargain, Sale, Bond, Promise, Covenant, or AfPurance should be had or made 1 And Whereas it was in the said Act provided that the said Act, or any Thing therein contained*

should not in any wise extend to any Office or Offices, whereof any Person or Persons was or should be seised of any Estate of Inheritance, nor to any Office^LParkerlliip, or of the keeping of any Park, House, Manor, Garden, Chase, or Forest, or to any of them:

And Whereas it was by the Lid Act further provided that if any Person or Persons did thereafter offend in any. Thing contrary to the Tenor and Effect of the said Act, yet that notwithstanding all Judgments given, and all other Act and Acts executed or done by any such Person or Persons so t fsaiding by Authority or Colour of the Office or Depuration which ought to be forfeited or not occupied or not enjoyed by the Person so offending, after the said Offence so by such Person comm tted or done, and before such Person so offending for the same Offence should be removed from the Exercise, Admin iff ration, and Occupation of the said Office or Deputation, should bz and remain good and sufficient in Law, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, in fuen like Manner and Form as the same would or ought to have remained and been if this Act had never been had or made; And Whereas it wa9 by the said Act further provided that the said Act, or any Thing the rein

contained, should not in any wise extend, or be prejudicial or hurtful to any of the Chief Justices of the King's Courts, commonly called the King's Bench or Common Place, or to any of the Justices of Assize, that then were or thereafter should be, but that they and every of them might do in every Behalf touching or concerning any Office or Offices to be given or granted by them or any of them, as they or any of them might have done before the making of the said Act Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ard by the Authority of the same, That from and after pwifiowi <£ the passing of this Act, the said Act and all the Provisions therein said Act, contained shall extend and be cooilrued to extend to Scotland and Ireland, and to all Offices in the Gift of the Crown, or of any Office^ScoiUikT^I appointed by the Crown, and all Commissions Civil, Naval or Military, |relan(|And^and to all Places and Employments, and to all Deputations to any an offices in such Offices, Commissi ms, Places, or Employments in the respective the Giftoftbe Departments or Offices, or under the Appointment cr Superintendence Crown, and Controul of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, the Secretary of State, the Lords Commissiviners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, the Matter General and principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance, the Commander in Chief, the Secretary at War, the Pay mailer General of His Ms jc fly's Foroes, the Commissioners for the Affairs of India* the Commissioners of the Excise, the Treasurer of the Navy, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Commissioners for Victualling, the Commissioners of Transports, the Commissary General, the Storekeeper General, and also the principal Officers of any other publick Department or Office of His Majesty's Government in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any

554

When Right of Appointment is forfeited. Offices vested in His Majesty.

Persons lmyi»g «r felling, or leceiring or paying Money or Rewards for Offices, guilty of MMUtmeanor.

Persons re-iving or paying Money for Eliciting or obtaining Offices, and any Nego-ciationa or pretended Nego-eiatrons relating thereto; guilty of a Mifda-tteauor.

C. 126. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

of His Majesty's Dominions, Colonies, or Plantations which tiow belong or may hereafter belong to His Majesty, and also to all Offices* Com* millions, Places and Employments belonging to or under the Appointment or Controul of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in as full and ample a Manner as if the Provisions of the said Act were repeated as to all such Offices, Commissions, Places, and Employments, and made Part of this Act; and the said Act and this Act, and all the Clauses and Provisions therein respectively contained, shall be conllrned aa one Act, as if the same had been herein repeated and re-enacted.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the

Right, Estate, on- Interest of any Person or Persons shall be forfeited under any of the Provisions of the said Act or this Act, the Rit?> t of such Appointment shall immediately vefl in and belong to His M his Heirs and Successors.

III. And be it further declared and enacted, That from and after the pitting of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall fell or bargain for the Sale of, or receive, have, or take any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward, or Profit, directly or indirectly, or any Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contracts, Bond or Assurance, or shall by any Way, Device or Means contract or agree to receive or have any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Prefit, directly or indirectly, and also if any Person or Persons shall pmchase or bargain for the Purchase of, or give or pay any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, or make or enter into any Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract, Bond or Assurance to give or pay any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, or shall by any Way, Means or Device, contract or agree to give or pay any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, directly or indirectly, for any Office, Commission, Piace or Employment specified or described in the said recited Act or this Act, or within the true Intent or Meaning of the said Act, cr this Act, or^ for any Deputation thereto, or for any Part, Pareel, or Participation of the Profits thereof, or for any Appointment or Nomination thereto or Resignation thereof, or for the Consent or Consents or Voice or Voices of any Person or Persons to any such Appointment, Nomination or Resignation, then and in every such Case, every such Person, and also every Person who shall wilfully and knowingly aid, abet or assist such Person therein, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall receive, have, or take any Money, Fee, Reward, or Profit, directly or indirectly, or take any Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract, Bond, or Assurance, or by any Way, Means, or Device, contract or agree to receive or have any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, directly or indirectly, for any Interest, Solicitation, Petition, Request, Recommendation, or Negociation whatever, made or to be made, or pretended to be made, or under any Pretence of making or causing or procuring to be made any Interest, Solicitation, Petition, Request, Recommendation or Negociation, in or about or in anywise touching, concerning, or relating to any Nomination, Appointment, or Deputation to or Resignation of any such Office, Commission, Place Employment as aforesaid, or under any Pretence for using or having

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 126. $55

used any Interest, Solicitation, Petition, Request, Recommendation or Negociation, in or about any such Nomination, Appointment,

Deputation or Resignation, or for the obtaining or having obtained the Consent or Consents or Voice or Voices of any Person or Persons as aforesaid to such Nomination, Appointment, Deputation or Resignation; and also if any Person or Persons shall give or pay or cause or procure to be given or paid any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, or make or cause or procure to be made any Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract, Bond or Aflbrance, or by any Way, Means, or Device, contrail or agree or give or payor cause or procure to be given or paid any Money, Fee, Gratuity,

Loan of Money, Reward, or Profit for any Solicitation, Petition,

Request, Recommendation or Negociation whatever, made or to be made, that shall in anywise touch, concern, or relate to any Nomination, Appointment, or Deputation to or Resignation of any such Office, Commission, Place, or Employment as aforesaid, or for the obtaining or having obtained, directly or indirectly, the Consent or Consents, or Voice or Voices of any Person or Persons as aforesaid to any such Nomination, Appointment, Deputation, or Resignation; and also if any Person or Persons shall, for or in expectation of Gain, Fee,

Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward, or Protr, solicit, recommend, or negociate in any Manner for any Person or Persons in any Matter that shall in any wise touch, concern, or relate to any such Nomination,

Appointment, Deputation or Resignation aforesaid, or for the obtaining, directly or indirectly, the Consent or Consents or Voice or Voices of any Person or Persons to any such Nomination, Appointment, or Deputation or Resignation aforesaid, then and every such Case every such Person, and also every Person who shall wilfully and knowingly aid, abet, or affilt such Person therein, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemea-nor.

V. And Whereas on the Pretence of negociating or soliciting

the Sal*, Transfer, or Appointment of any Office or Offices which

under the Exception of this Act or otherwise it may be lawful to

fell, Offices for negociating the same, and Advertisements may be

publisheJ, by Means and under the Colour of which illegal Trans-« actions intended to be prohibited by this Act may be carried on*/

Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of Persons opening this Act, if, any Person or Persons shall open or keep any House, adverting Room, Office, or Place for the soliciting, transacting or negociating in any Manner whatever any Business relating to Vacancies in, or the Business relating Sale or Purchase of, or Appointment, Nomination, or Deputation to Sale of to, or Resignation, Transfer, or Exchange of any Offices, Com- Offices, guilty missione, Places, or Employments whatever in or under any Publick of a Department, then and in every such Case every such Person, and meanor* also every Person who shall wilfully and knowingly aid, abet, or assist therein, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on adverlife or publish, or cause or procure to be advertised or in any Persont adver-Manner published any House, Room, Office, or Place to have been

or to be opened, set up, or kept for any of the Purposes aforesaid, Narnesof6 or advertise or publish, or cause or procure to be advertised or pub- Broke* or liffied, the Name or Names.of any Person or Persons as Broker or Agents, 50l. Brokers, Agent or Agents, Solicitor or Solicitors for any of the Purposes aforesaidi or print or cause or procure or permit or suffer to

C. ia6. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

to be printed or advertised any Advertisement or Advertisements, Proposal or Proposals for any of the Purposes aforesaid, then and in such Case such Person or Persons shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be sued for, levied, or recovered in any of His Majesty \s Courts of Record at Westminster, as to all Offence* committed in England, or at Dublin as to Offmcc3 committed in Ireland\ or in His Majesty's Courts iq, Scotland as to Offences committed in Scotland respectively; and the whole of every such Penalty shall go to the Person who shall sue for the same, with full Costs of Suit.

Exception as to

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in

Purchase or Sale this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Pur-ot certain Offices chafe?, Sales, or Exchanges of any Commissions or Appointments in honourable Band of Gmtlemen Pensioners, or in His Majesty* the Army at the Yeoman Guard, or in the Marshalsea, and the Court of the King of regulated Prices, the Palace of the King at Westminster, or to extend to any Purchase*, and authorised Sales, or Exchanges of any Commissions in His Majesty's Forces for Regimental such prjce8 a8 shall be regulated and fix-d by any Regulation made or ^houi Fee!^ to ma<^e by His Majesty in that Bthalf, or to any Act or Thing done in relation thereto, by any Agents, provided that such Agents shall be Agents of Regiments authorised by the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, or by the Colonel* or Commandants of Regiments or Corpr, and shall act therein under such Regulations only as are or shall from Time to Time be established by H» and shall not canfe or procure, or knowingly permit or suffer to be printed or advertised. any Advertisement or Advertisements, Proposal or Prop»fals for any Purchase or Sale or Exchange of any Commission, or any Negociation relating thereto, and shall not receive or take any Money, Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, or any Promise. Agretmeit, Covenant, Contract, Bond, or Assurance, or by any W?y, Means, or Device, contrail or agree to receive or have any Money, Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, for acting in such Behalf.

Officers in Army

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Officer giving more than in His Majesty's Forces, who shall take, accept, or receive, or pay, regulated Prices, or agree to pay, any larger Sum of Money, directly or indirectly, or paying Agents than what js allowed by any Regulations made by His Majesty in ^IHbdeTtTheir relation to the Purchase, Sale, or Exchange of Commissions in His Commissions, Majesty's Forces, or who shall pay, or cause to be paid, any Sum of and be cashiered; Money, to any Agent or Broker, or other Person for negociating their Commis- the Purchase or Sale or Excharge of any such Commission, shall, Half of the*°n conv^e<i thereof by a General Court Martial, forfeit hi*

Produce (not Commission, and be cashiered; and as an Encouragement for the

exceeding 5ool.) Dtte&ion of such Pra6lices, 'such Commission so forfeited shall be to the Informer, fold, and Half the regulated Value (not exceeding Five hundred '* Pounds) shall be pa d to the Informer, and the other Half, or the

Remainder, if more than Five hundred Pounds, shall go and be applied as His Majesty shall order and dire A, by any Regulations from Time to Time made in that Behalf: Provided also, that every Person who shall fell his Commission in His Majesty's Forces, and not continue to hold any Commission in His Majesty's Forces, and shall, upon or in relation to such Sale, take, accept, or receive, di-rc£By or indirectly, airy Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward, or Profit, or any Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract Bond, or Affurauce, or shall by any Device or Means cootra& or

agree

A.D. 1809* 49° GEO. III.

C.iz6.

57

agi-ee to receive or have any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money,

Reward, or Profit, beyond the regulated Price or Value of the Commission fold, and also every Person who shall wilfully or knowingly aid, abet, or assist such Person therein, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor wit' in the Provisions of this Act.

IX. Provided a'ways, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Exception as t» this Act containrd shall extend or be construed to extend to any Office P^tes exceI. excepted from the Provhon* of the said Act passed in the Sixth

Year of the Reign of Kin*Edward the Sixth against buying and itg^]|v GdeaUk, felling of Offices, or to any Office which was le?al'y saleable before the passing of this Act. and in the Gift of any Person by virtue of any Office of which such Peif >n k or shall be possessed under any Patent or Appointment for his Life; or to render invalid, or in any Manner to affect any Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract, Bond, Affur-ance, or Trust, entered into or declared before the passing of this Act, and which before the passing thereof was a valid Promise, Agreement,

Covenant, Contract, Bond, Assurance, or Trust, in Law or Equity, or to any Money paid, or to any Act, Matter, or Thing done in pursuance of any such Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract,

Bond, or Assurance.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Savin* df Act contained (halt extend or be construed to extend to prevent or kwful Depute* make void any Deputation to any Office, in any Case in which it is

lawful to appoint a Deput/, or any Agreement, Contract, Bond, or dJVeeL Assurance lawfully made in resptft of ar.y Allowance, Salary, or Payment made or agreed to be made by or to such Principal or Deputy respectively, out of the Fees or Profits of such Office.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the Exceptionmta said Act or in this Act contained shall extend to any annual Reserva- annual Payment* tior. Charge, or Payment made or required to be made out of the Fees, Perquisites, or Profits of any Office to any Person who shall have held such Office, in any Commission or Appointment of any th*Office - Person fucctedicg to such Office, or to any Agreement, Contract,

Bond, or other Assurance made for securing such Reservation, Charge, or Payment: Provided always, that the Amount of such Reservation, Charge, or Payment, and the Circumstanctsand Reasons under which the same shall have been permitted, shall be stated in the Commission, Patent, Warrant, or Instrument of Appointment of the Person so succeedin^ to and holding such Office, and paying or securing such Money as aforesaid.

XII. And whereas the Parliament oi Ireland never enacted any Provisions similar to those contained in the said recited Act of the

Fifth and Sixth Years of King Edward the Sixth: And whereas it hath always been customary in the Appointment of the Mailers and Six Clerks, and First and Second Examiners of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, to allow the having and receiving of Money, or other valuable Consideration for those Appointments; and although it may be fit and proper that the said Custom should be abolished,

yet it 16 reasonable that the several and respective Persons who now Exeepdpnaatt Kold the said Offices should be permitted to dispose of the same m Six*

like Manner as hath been heretofore done Be it therefore enacted, 40(1 -

-That it shall and may be lawful for the said Mailers and Six Clerks, and Firil a»d Second Examiner or any of them, save and except Ireland, till after George Ellis Esquire, one of xbc Mailers of the said Court,] so to pro- the Death,

55*

Punishment of Miidemeanors in Scotland.

Offences committed abroad shall be tried in King's Bench, under 41G. 3. C. 85.

Commencement of the Act in certain Places abroad.

9 G. 3. c. lio. §1. as to Amount of Augmentation of Salaries of Cl.iet Baron, and puisne Judges, repealed.

C. 126, 127. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

ceed touching the Disposition and Appointment of their said Offices respectively, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as hath been heretofore accudomed; but that from and after the Death, Resignation, or Removal of each of them, and the actual Appointment of any Person in the Stead of the Persons so dying, resigning, or being removed, the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and of this Act shall be applicable and shall be applied to the said respective Offices in the said Court of Chancery in Ireland.

XIII. Provided aKvays, and be it enacted, That every Person who shall commit, in Scotland, any Offence against this Act, which by the Provisions of the same is constituted a Misdemeanor, shall be liable to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or by the one or the other of such Punishments as the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender shall be tried and convicted may direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed against the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act, by any Governor, Lieutenant Governors, or Person having the chief Command, Civil or Military, in any of His Majesty's Dominions, Colonies, or Plantations, or his or their Secretary or Secretaries, may and shall be prosecuted and enquired of, and heard and determined in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster, in like Manner as any Crime, Offence, or Misdemeanor commuted by any Person holding a publick Employment abroad, may be prosecuted and enquired of under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for the trying and punching in Great Britain Persons holding publick Employmentr, for Offences committed abroad; and for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-jirjl Year of the Reign of King James, made for the Ease of Justices and others in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons either in or out of tins Kingdom, authorised to commit to safe Custody.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Gibraltar, Malta, or any Place or Places in the Medi-terratiean, until Three Months; or to any of His Majesty's Dominions, Colonies, or Plantations in America or the West Indies, until Four Months; or to the Cape of Good Hope % the Island of Saint Helena. or any Part of ylfrica. until Six Months; or to any of His Majesty's Dominion* in the East Indies or beyond the Cape of Good Hope, until Twelve Mouths, after the passing of this Act.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act for further augmenting the Salaries of certain of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall and of the Chief and Second Justice of Chester, and justices of the Great Sessions in Wales.

[20th June 1809.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the

Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of % Justiciary, and Batons of Exchequer in Scotland, and for enabling

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. XZ.irj. 55*

His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts of We it minster-Hall, on their Resignation of their respective Offices: And Whereas it is expedient that a further Augmentation

should be made in the Salaries and Profits of the Chief Baron of the

Court of Exchequer, the Puisne Judges in the Court of King's

Bench, the Puisne Judges of the Court of Common Pieas, and the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster

and also in the Salaries and Profits of the Chief Indice of Cheffer9 4 the Second Justice of Chester % and the Justices of Great Seffijns for the Counties in Wales; we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that »t may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Amounts of the Sums to be issued in Augmentation of their respective Salaries to the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, to the Puisne Justices in the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and to the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Their Salaries this Act, there shall be issued, paid, and payable out of, and charged augmented, viz. and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, (after Chief Baron to paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of

Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, j^dge and Baron to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments 4000l. which shall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said Fund,) to the several Performs herein after mentioned, as an Augmentation of their rt foedive Salaries so much Money as will make up their respective Salaries and pecuniary Profits belonging to their said respective Offices to the annual Sums herein after mentioned, to the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, Five thousand Pounds, and to each of the Puis ie Justices of the Courts of King'9 Bench and Common Pleas, and to each of the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, Four thousand Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That in whatever Sums the whole [, what Manner Amount which shall have been received, or were payable to any of the Half-yearly the Persons before mentioned in respect of their said Offices within Payment Audi the Half-Year preceding the Delivery of any such Account as is he computed, directed by the said recited Act, shall be less than the clear Sum of

Two thousand five hundred Pound* in respect of the said Chief Baron, or of Two Thousand Pounds in respect of the said Puisne Judges and Barons of the said Courts, shall be the Sums to be issued for the Half Year in which the said Account shall be delivered, and shall be computed and ascertaintd so as to make up the whole of their respective Salaries and pecuniary Profits to the Half-yearly Sums respectively before-mentioned, and such Sums shall be issued accordingly in Manntr herein after mentioned, and as if the Sums^ so to be asce.tained had been specifically mentioned in this Act.

IV. And Whereas by the said recited Act it is directed that an Account shall be delivered Half-yearly by the said Puisne Justices to the Commissionera of the Treasury of all Fee6» Salar es, and Pecuniary profits, received or payable to them in respect of their Offices

Arrmml Sum of 40l. to the Second Judge of Court of King's Bench fcr Charge to die Grand Jury See* shall not be included in Half-yearly Account vequired underG. 3. c. no. I 2*

Augmentation of 4001. to the Salaries of the strftices of Chester, and of the Great Sessions for die Counties of Wales.

Salaries shall be paid Half-yearly, clear of all Taxes, except Property Tax, under 46 G. 3* c.'fcSw

according to Regulations of 39 G. 3*e. 109.

C. iay. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Offices for the preceding Half Year: And Whereas by Writ of

Privy Seal granted in the Second Year of His present Majesty*

Reign, reciting that a Reward of Forty Pounds per Annum at

the Rate of Ten Pounds in every Term had long since been afiigoed

to the Second Judge of the Court of King's Bench, in respect of his Labour and Trouble in giving the Charge to the Grand Jury, and pronouncing Judgement in the said Court against M-tlefactors, it

was directed, that regular Payment should be made of the aforesaid

termlv. Allowance of Ten Pounds to the said Second Judpe of the said Court for the Time bting, in refueft of his Pai»9 and Service

above-mehfipned: And whereas Doubts have betr. entertained

whether theysaid Allowance of Forty Pounds was intended to be

included in tha^Halt-yearly Account of Salary, Fees, and pecuniary

Proiits, to be ^fevered in to the Commissioners of the Treafmy by the said SecondvJjudge of the said Court of King's Bench under ' the said recited A^: Be it therefore enacted and declared, That the said termly Adowagke of Forty Pounds is not nor was intended to be included in the said EfiM-yearly Account to be delivered as aforesaid, by the said Second J^dge of the said Court of King* Bench, nor in the Eftiraate of Salary, Fees, and pecuniary Profits, upon which the Amount of the Sums to be issued from Time to Time to the said Second Judge under the said recited Act and this Act was or is to be computed.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be also issued, paid, and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the said Consolidated Fund, after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said Fund, to the several Persons herein after mentioned, in Augmentation of their respective Salaries and Profits, and over and above any Sums of Money to which they may be entitled under any Act now in force, the several annual Sums herein after mentioned; that is to say, to the* Chief Justice of Chester, and to the Second Justice of Clxjler^ and to each of the Justices of the Great Scfli.ns for the Counties of Wales, the Sum of Four Hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money to be iflutd in pursuance of this Act, shall from Time to Time from thenceforth, be payable and paid Half-yearly, free and clear from all Taxes ard Deductions whatsoever, (exceDt the Duty charged by an Act passed in the F. rty-sixth Year of the Reign of H; s present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty ofi. Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Ratetand Duties on Profits arising from Property, Pro-sessions, Trades, and Offices', and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions. Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more eJffieSual the Provisions for coileSing the said Duties,) on the Tenth Day of October and the Fifth Day of April in each Year, by even and equal Portions; the First Payment thereupon to be made on the Tenth Day of October

A.D. 1809« 49° Geo. III. C. 127, 138- 561

One thousand eight hundred and nine* and the said several Sums of

Money shall be paid in the same Manner, and under and subject to the

like Rules and Regulations, (as far as the same are applicable) as are V

prescribed in the said recited Act for the Payment of the several Sums

of Money therein directed to be paid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and all Powers of recite* Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Matters, and Things therein^J5nde<l* contained (so far as the same are applicable'and are not hereby altered)

shall be in force, and be applied to carry into Effect the Purposes of this Act.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[20th June 1809.]

§ 1. £. 4, 000, 000 o o

IT.

III.

IV.

*757*352

3, 000, 000

44

o

19, 000, 000 o o

Out of Surplus of British Consolidated Fund. -

Surplus of Ways and Means for 1808.

Part of the Sum of 20, 000, 000l.

granted by 48 G. 3. c. 148.

From the following Duties, viz.

Additional Customs under 43 G. 3. c. 70.

Additional Excise - c. 8l.

Duties on Property — c. 122.

Additional Customs 44 G. j. c. 3

Additional Duties on Property 45 G. 3.*.

Additional Excise on Tobacco, &c. 4 6 G. 3.C.

Additional Custom9 c.

Additional Duties on Pro-

- c.

Excise on

47G

V.

perty Additional Brandy Customs Ditto

The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt and Pension Act, not exceeding

3 e. Jt I. c

48 G. 3. c.

49 G. 3. c.

o

5

CO

u

o

g-3

Oh

£. 3, 000000

10.300.000 1*500, 000 0, 000, 000

14.600.000

Lotteries

3>c'Ocx?qo

49 Geo. III.

00 - - - 49 G.

o o Exchequer Bills -

o o Ditto -

<9 o Ditto -

o o Loan (after deducting 3, oco 000l.

remitted to Ireland anu 600, 000l. to the Prince Regent of Portugal

(Deducting One-third for Ireland) -o o Exchequer Bills

Oo

56

V.

continued.

19, 000*000

49° GEO- HI.

j, 000, 000

2»757>.352

4, 000, 000

VI.

VII.

o out of War Taxes (granted above See § IV.) o (granted above, § III.)

(granted above, § II.) o out of Consolidated Fund (See § I.)

The following Sums, viz,

3, 000, 000 o o (Part of the x

British Loan) w

l.s-l _§

(Annuities and /

Treasury Bills) I (Teafury Bills)J

A.D. 1809.

Appropriated to the Use8 after expressed

See § VII, &c.

Share of Lotteries 1, 250, 000 0 0

500, 000 Application, viz

VIII.

19, 578, 4673 9

3, 126, 500 0 0

4.985.500 3.295.500 0 0

0 0

591, 500 0 0

1, 408, 437 13 9

2, 296, 030 0 0

3, 000, 000 0 0

314*000 0 0

506, 000 0 0

50, 000 0 0

5, 000 0 0

3, 000, 000 0 0

IX.

X.

XI.

XII.

XIII.

300.000

400.000

300.000 .600.000

21, 144, 77°

7*582>378

o

o

o

o

JO

16

29.322 10 o

for the Navy Services following, vi %. for Wages of 130, 000 Men,

including 31, 400 Marines I I 1 thrir Victualling { S f )

Wear and Tear of Ships ( ]

Ordnance for Sea Service)3 E, ? Ordinary of the Navy including Half pay.

Building, and re-building Ships of War Extra.

Hire of Transports.

Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad.

Prisoners of War in Health at'Home and Abroad.

Ditto Sick.

to form a Compassionate Lift for^ Navy and Marines.- For the Service of Great Britain,

" to enable His Majesty to afford Afliftarce to the Emperor of jdujlria, and to the People of Spain and Portugal\ and to take such Measures as the Exigences of Affairs may require."

For Exigences for Ireland.

Engagements with His Sicilian Majesty. Advanced to the King of Sweden. Loan to the Prince Regent of Portugal. For the Land Service following, viz. for Land Forces at Home and Abroad (except in the East Indies and Foreign Corps, and except embodied Militia.) for Five Troops of Dragoons, and Fifteen Companies of Foot for recruiting the Corps serving in India.

£. s. d.

1 17 o']

2 19 of

I 19 of

o 7 oj

For 13 Months.

For the Year 1809.

Out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid.

For 1809.

From 2j|h Dec. iScS, to 25th Dec. 1809.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III.

C.iati

56$

XIII.6. ^, 048, 647 19 5 for the embodied Militia in Great-\

continued

9334

449, 649

7 9

31-79$ 1 257.7"3

3

3

\ From 25th Dee. 1808, to 25'th Dec. 1809.

22*263 §3

11, 304 16 jo 492, 412 1.6 8

49, 437 h 8 1,000, 820 .0 o 1, 219, 803 .0 o 24, 972 12 11 115, 024 8 4 14, 300 O o

For the Year 1809.

1808, to 25th Dec. 1809.

479 857 2J5>5°8 r4

9 11

22, 651 1, 080.000 o 44.000 o

579*563 ©

4, 260 o 215, 429 19

Britain and Ireland, and Corps of Marines. - w

6 10 Charge of Foreign Corps for Service of Great Britain and Ireland. -

for General and Staff Officers and Hospital Officers, and Garrisons at Home and )

Abroad. -

Supernumerary Officers of the Forces.

Principal Officers of Publick Departments in Great Britain and Ireland, and Exchequer Fees. - -: J

on account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of Land Foroes, including British American Foroes, and Scotch Brigade,

See. -

For Military Allowances to ditto.

Chelsea and Kilmainham In and J From 25th Dec. Out Penfimers and Expences r of the Hospitals. -

Widows' Pensions in Greatly.v 0

Britain and Ireland. f For the Year 1809.

Volunteer Corps in Great Britainl From 25th Dec. 1808 and Ireland. - -J to 25 th Dec. 1809.

Local Militia Forces*in Great Britain.

Allowances to Chaplains of the Forces.

Medicines and Hospital Contin-^For the Year 1809. gences.

Compassionate Lift of Land Officer*' Children and Widows not entitled to Pensions.

Barrack Department in Ireland\ I fur the Commissariat and Extra / From 25th Dec, Forage of the Cavalry ir n*

Ireland.

Probable Expenditure of Com* miliary General's Office.

Probable Extraordinary Expenditure of ditto. -

Probable Expenditure of Store- For the Year 1809. Keeper General's Department. Barrack Department in Great Britain. -

for examining Account of Bar- 1 Prior to the Year rack Department. -

Army Extraordinaries*

0 o 2

j

11

2

3808, to 25th Dec. 1809.

1805.

For the Year 1808.

564

C. 128.

XIII. 3, 000, 000 0 0 1

continued.

XIV. 4>°719: to i

450, 366 12 1

159 768.14 4

592>9I3 6 5

3 4)9*53 7

XV. 10>5oo, oooo 0 0

xvr. 1 >500, 000 0 0

XVII. 5, 000, 000 0 0

XVIII. 6, 000, 000 0 0

XIX. 22, 166 19f

XX. Civil Establishments,

17, 360 0 0

8, 430 0 0

5, 50b 0 0

10, 105 0 0

3, 100 0 0

2, 060 0 0

i, 985 0 0

3>7oo 0 0

1, 030 0 0

6co 0 0

15, 134. 10

23000 0 0

XXI. 16, 975 »7 4

23>33°92

47, 6, 50 17 9

13.215 19 6

l6o; 3S2 2 0

55, 295 O 0

3, 000 0 0

0 0 0 CfJ 0

20, 000 0 0

2, 000 0 0

5.0CO 0 0

7.497 n 2

*, 500, 000 0 0

*3.471 L5 0

10, 000«0

49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Extraordinary Service, of the! p the Year l8 Army ift Great Britain. -3 y

f" Ordnance Office for Land? For the Year, 809.

Service for Great Britain.3

Ditto, not provided for - In 1807.

Ditto. - - In 1808.

For Ordnance Office in Ireland. For the Year 1&09S Ditto not provided for In 1808.

To discharge out-standing Exchequer Bills under 48 G. 3. c. 7.

Ditto issued for the Service of 1808,

48 G. 3. c. 54.

Ditto 'issued for the Service of 1808, acd out-standing. - Ditto. 48 G. 3. c. 114.

To make good Money issued by Addreftes of House of Commons viz.

Sierra Leone.

Upper Canada.

New Brunswick.

Nova Scotia.

Prince Edward s Island.

Cape Breton.

Newfoundland.

Bahama Islands.

Bermuda or Somers Islands,

Dominica.

New South Wales.

Britijh Forts in Africa,

Royal Military College Royal Military Asylum, Chelsea Discharging $per Cent. Annu ities under 37 G. g. c. 10. and 42 G. 3./. 8.

Ditto

French Clergy, Toulouse, Dutch, and Corsican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalifta Employing Conv; £b at Home.

Prosecutions relating to Coin.

Printing and Stationary for both Houses of Parliament.

Law Charges.

Public Office BowJlreet.

Fees on passing publick Accounts -

Superintendance of Aliens Interest on Exchequer Bills. Securing Docks, &c. at Port]mouth, Dover, &c. Roads and Bridges in Scotland*

From > 1st Jan. to 31st DecK 1809.

For the Year 1809.

On 5th April 1809. On 1 oth Q&. 1809;

} For the Year 1809.

j* For 1809.

C.I2S.

A.D. 1809.

XXI.

cmt'tnued.

49° GEO. III.

s<5;

£ 50, 000 0 o

5, 523 o o 1, 641 19 o

8, 423 13 2

For 1809.

For Session 1809. > In Session 1808.

22, 400 0 0

4, 000 0 0

10, 000 0 0

4

In 1809.

2, 154 3 11

Making Inland Navigation" from Eastcm to Western

Sea.

Salaries to Officers of HousesI -of Lords and Commons, J Deficiency for printing Votes, '

Bills, &c. House of Commons.

Deficiency for Printing and'}

Stationary for both houses /-In 1808. of Parliament. -J

For printing Votes, Bill?, $cc.\ Dunne Session of House of Commons. j 1809,

For printing Vol. 61. of the! T Q

Journals of the Commons. J n 1

For re-printing Journals, &c. of the House of Commons.

For the Year 1809. Horse Patrole round the Metropolis, for One Year.

For Relief of Danish Settlements in Davis9* Straights.

Thames Police Office London, for Plan of Security of Shipping.

For examining Accounts be-'j For Three tween East India Company > Years, to 7th and Government. - J Sept. 1808. Deputy Serjeant at Arms, House of Commons, for One Year's House Rent.

For Index to the Rolls of Parliament.

For Index to Journals of the Peer*, from the 5th of July 1805 to the 5th of July 1808. For ditto iiucc the 5th of July 1808.

Bounty on British American rish imported in West India I (lands.

To Second Clerk Assistant of j House of Common for reim- burling Duty of 5l. per Cent. on his Allowance.

Salaries to Officers of House of Commons for Session of 1808.

Expences of Commissioners of Military Inquiry under 45 G- 3. c. 47.

For Articles sent to New South Wales.

For Payment of Bills on account of Convict9, dated 31st of Dec. 1808.

Expences of National Vaccine Establishment. Bills drawn from New South Wales, for the Year 1809.

For Stores supplied to £: >manssary at Sydney^ New South Wales.

3, 000 o o Board of Agriculture. 1 For the Yeai

175, 000«o Foreign and other secret Services* j 1809.

6.345 l6 0 1

5, 26519 0

1, 299 4 0 h. <2*

*>33390>

219 14 0 U 03

439 13 0 Cm

1, 623 0 0 0 +* 3

1, 192 98 0 0 0

1 3 JS ft§

7613 6 <u c 0 s

3.409 14 8 OJ -CT3

745 0 0 0 O b0

1, 84895 V

3>3J5 0i c. 6

3>i63 8 6 H

6, 172 12 2

114 18 1

For 1808.

5sd

XXI.

continued.

C. 128.'

1, 326 278

*>55°

30, 000

7*639

9>7°9

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

XXII.

*7

6

74 3

14, 000

12, 000

6.000

20, 000

4.000

12

o

o

o

o

o

506

278

in

1

For the Year 1809.

2*698 13 o')

1, 623

o o

*For the Year 1809.

3

>8 v

7, 422 12 O

36, 042

30, 500

6, 000

16.000

41400

10.000

35>

3, 057

100, 000 o

4, 500 o o

5, 569 o O

Irish Currency. 340 o o

4 Allowance to Poor of Saint Martin's in the Fields.

6 1 UTed ont of f Returns respecting Residence of Clergy. O J Civil List. \ For Supplies for the Faro Islands.

0 T\ASrJ^iomNew} For the Year ig°9

2 British Museum. for general Purposes. o Protestant Dissenting Ministers

in England and Ireland, and > For the Year 1809. French Refugees. J

Ditto, Deficiency of Grant, in the Year 1808. Extra Contingencies of the*l Three Secretaries of State. 1 Extra Messengers to Ditto.

For Conviction of Felons.

Royal Military Canal. During the Year 1809.

Bounties for Fiffi brought to London and Westminster,

("Chairman of the Committee oil For the Year " the House of Lords, 3 1808.

Serjeant at Arms to House of Lords, for Services during 1808.

Survey of Roads and Bridges in Scotland. Returns respecting enforcing the Residence of Clergy for Half Year ending 5th of January 1809.

& To Officers for levying Tallies in the Exchequer, from 5th Jan. 1805 to jth July 1808. 8 8 Improvement of Streets near"

Westminster Hall. o o Building a Mint on Tower Hill.

o o Corsican and Toulonefe Emigrants.

o o Allowances to retired Dutch Officers.

o o French Emigrants in 7'rfcy O O To Dr. Cartwright for various Mechanical Inventions.

0 o Building and Maintenance of

Naval Asylum

1 8 For printing Vols. 36 and 37

of the Lords' Journals.

To the Governors of Queen Hnnds Bounty in aid of poor Clergy.

To Commissioners of

Forest in the County of S* For Two Years.

Southampton. - -J

F°SrSary R.°adS 1" For the Ycu 1809.

For the Year 1809.

Accountant General for preparing publick Accounts, for Session 1809.

A.D. 1809.

continued.

49° GEO. III.

U 240 O O

200 O O

O O

200 O O

2 00 O O

O O

200 O O

25, 000 O O

1, 200 O O

10, 500 O O

25, 000 O O

2, 500 O O

9, 429 IS O

I>°47 IO 2

560 1 I

3.382 O O

21 900 O O

15, 000 o

258 o

3.741 o o

C. ia*.

5^7

\ In Ireland to 5th.'Jan. 1809.

From 5 th' Jan. 1809, to 5th Jan. 1810.

His Deputy.

Examinator of Corn Bounties.

Inspectir General of Imports and Exports preparing Accounts. -

His First Clerk for extra Trouble.

Examinator of Excise pie-paring Accounts.

His Assistant.

Cltrk in Auditors of Exchequer Office preparing Accounts. - - _J

Civil Buildings.

Printing, &c. 250 Copies j of the A 6*8.49 G. 3.

Proclamations and Ad-

vertisements in Dublin

Gazette.

Criminal Prosecutions.

Apprehending publick Offenders.

Non-conforming Ministers.

Expence of Pratique in Dublin Port.

Gold Mine of Wicklow, from 5th Jan. 1809 to 31st Dec. 1809.

For Lottery Offices, for One Year ending 24th June 1809.

Printing and Disbursements for Secretaries1 Office and other publick Offices in Dublin Cattle.

Harbour of Howth, 7 for One Year from 24th

Works at, - \ April 1809.

Further Printing* and-Stationary for o

m

from 5 th Jan. 1809, to 5th Jan. 1180.

taries' Office ard other publick Offices in Dublin Castle.

Support of Seceding M; -nifters from the Synod of Uljer.

1 f

From5^.7^.18co, to 5th Jan. i8iS.

rch

i From 25th

) 1809, to 2, 5th

I March 1810.

3 >500 o o 15, 000 o o

Iocidents of the Treasury.

S

c

h-4

For One Year ending 5th Jan. lb 10.

(British) Allowances to Commissionera of Inquiry on Fees in publick Offices iu &c.

0 04

E.

S<S8

XXIV.

xxv.

XXVI.

XXVII.

XXVIII.

10, 000 0 0

10, 000 0 0

5, 000 0 0

2, 000 0 0

2, 849 0 0

21, 600 0 0

21, 8*5 0 0

3>523 0 0

11, 781 0 0

1, 662 0 0

1.940 0 0

9.569 0 0

32>243 0 0

1,000 0 0

i>779 0 0

0 0

800 0 0

500 0 ©

4.576 0 0

8.973 0 0

36, 003 0 0

A.D. 1809.

From 5th Jan. 1809* to 5th Jan. 1810.

C. 128. 49 GEO. III.

(Irtfb) Board of First Fruits^ for building and re-building of Churches, Sea*

Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, &c.

Farming Society of Ireland.

Cork Institution.

Commissioneri for making wide and convenient Streets in Dublin.

Trustees of the Linen Manufactures, for One Year ending 5th Jan. 181.

Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

Hibernian Marine Society.

Hibernian School for Soldiers'

Children.

Female Orphan House near Dublin.

Association for difcountenancing Vice, &c.

Westmorland Lock Hospital.

House of industry and Penitentiary. Fever? Hospital in Cork-street Dublin -

Lying-in Hospital.

Completing Royal College of Surgeons.

Commissioners of charitable Donation*.

Doctor Steevens's Hospital.

Sir Patrick Dunn\ Hospital.

Roman Catholic Seminary.

Incorporated Society for promoting English Protestant Schools.

Supplies shall be applied only to the Purposes"!

authorised, &c. - - I

Rules for receiving Half pay.

Application of Overplus of Sum (under 48 G. 3. c. 148.) to reduced Officers.

FromjthTd*. 1809, \ to 5th Jem. 1810.

i

At in former ActU.

---

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. 129. 569

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to prevent the enlisting of Local Militia Men into the Regular Militia of any other County or Stewartry than the County or Stewartry to which they belong.

[21st June 1809.]

---

WHEREAS an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to

establish a permanent Local Militia Forcet under certain ReJlri8ionst for the Defence of the Realm: And Whereas another Act passed in the

present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend and render 49 G. 3. c. 4k

more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling 1 His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland,

under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm: And Whereas another Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for completing the Militia of Great Britain: And Whereas by the 9 G, 3»*sS*

said Two first recited Acts, Persons enrolled te serve or serving

in the Local Militia, are allowed to enlist or enter into the regular

Militia: And Whereas by the said last recited Act, the Commanding Officers of Militia are allowed to raise Men by Beat of Drum or other wise, in their respective Counties or Stewartries, or adjoining

Counties or Stewartries: And Whereas it is expedient to restrict the enlisting of Men from the Local Militia into any regular Militia,

except the regular Militia of the County or Stewartry to which such Local Militia Men belong: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted f and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par- No Mania d* liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person Local Militia ballotted or enrolled to serve, or serving in the Local Militia, shall fcail enlist into be enlisted or enrolled, or shall be allowed to enlist into or to be the regular enrolled in the regular Militia of any other County or Stewartry than Militia^f any the County-or Stewartry for which the Local Militia Man shall be th^fOT^chbfe enrolled and serving, or any One of the Counties or Stewartries of i* enrolled* which any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of regular Militia shall be composed, if composed of Men enrolled in more than One County or Stewartry; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Local acts to new file.]

