A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III. C. i. ii. 799

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are Temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i.e. to the End of the next session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c. from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

---

All Acts in this Lifi, not dtflinguished by the Letters (q.P.) are Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed " and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken " Notice of as such by all Judges, Ju dices and others, without " being specially pleaded."

(q. PA Quad Public Acts, i. e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, " duly authorised to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, u and a Copy thereof Co printed by any of them, shall be ad-" mitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others, "

Cap. i.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of His present 370.3. 6

Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Guide Post near Sudden Bridge, in the rarish of Rochdale, to Bury % and a Branch therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (b) [23d March 1813.]

[Afrw Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, Sl Q c ^. for repairing Roads leading to and from Tiverton, in the county of 'v, w Devon, and for making a new Road to communicate therewith.

[23d March 1813.]

[For full Term of former Ad vnetpired']

Cdp.

too

C. iii — x.

AJ).iIt3.

ilG.$. c. 93. 31 G. 3. c. 117.

33 G. 3- c.I43-

*7 G $. c. 6S.

if G.3. 77. 19 0.3. c. 110.

41G. 3. c xJviu.

37G. 3. C. 147.

10 G. 3. c. 67. 39 G.j. c.xi»

53° GEO. III.

Cap. iii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Exeter Turnpike at Reedy Gate in the Parish of Duns ford, to Ckerrybrook in the Forest of Dartmoore, in the County of Devon. (e) [23d March 1813.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted* Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, to Rockingham, in the said County, (r)

[23d March 1813.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. v.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Power# of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge at Maij-more, in the County of Gloucester.

[23d March 1813 }

Cap. vi.

An Act for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to the Rugby Turnpike Road, in the Parish of JVolvey, in the County of Warwick. (£) C23^ March 1813.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the County of Glamorgan, so far as they relate to the Roads comprized in the Llantriffent Dif-trid. (a) [23d March 1813.]

[Additional Trustees, Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Provisions of an Act of His present Majesty, for improving the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayr.

[23d March 1813.]

[Tolls or Pontage Duties to cease, new Tolls or Pontage Duties granted.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to North Walsham, in the County of Norfolk. (a) [23d March 1813.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted

Cap. x.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to Swsdsham, and from Honingham to Taxham, in the County of Norfolk, and also a Lane called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the said City, (b) [23d March 1815.]

A.D. 1813.

53° GEO. III. C. xi — Xviii.

801

Cap. xi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His 6 0.3, ^present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from 33 U. 3, c'* Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in 3 '

the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twyford Bridge, in the said County of Nottingham. (3)

[23d March 1813.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His 5Q present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dun- 31 ham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common, in

the County of Nottingham, (b) [23d March 1813.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 3a q. 3, Powers of an Act made in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Lanark to the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark, (b)

[23d March 1813.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for indoiing Lands in the Parish of Gei/l, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [23d March 1813 ]

Cap. xv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fawley, in the County of Southampton. (q. P.) [23d March 1813.]

Cap. xri.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Witham on the Hillt with Manthorpe % Toft and Lound % in the County of Lincoln. (q. P.) [23d March 1813.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §18, 19, 20, 21. 33.

Cap. xvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of AJkham Richard, in the County of the City of York. (q. P.) [23d March 1813.]

Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §17.

Cap. xviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Haburgh in the County of Lincoln, (q. P.) [23d March 1813.]

53 Gio. III. 3 F Cap.

C. xix — xxr.

53* Geo. nr.

A.D. 1813.

8ot

Cfl/. xix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, to unite the Rivera Wey and Atun> in the Counties of Surry and Sujtrx.

[1st April 1813.]

[" The Company of Proprietors of the Wey and Arun Junction CanaTr incorporated

Cap. xx,

49 G. 3. c. cxcii. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for supplying with Water the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaflerv [ift ^ri/ 1813.]

Cap. xxi.

17 G. 3. c. 5. An Act for altering and amending Two Acts of the Seventeenth

41 G. 3. c.xxviii. amj porty second Years of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Work-houte for the said Parish.

[1st April 1813.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for making a Road from Beach Down near Battle, to Heath field, and from Robertsbridge % to Hoods Corner, all in the County of Sussex, (6) [1st April 1813.]

[Double Tolls in certain cases between 29/6 Sep. and 2$tb March, Double Tolls on Sunday, '}

Cap. xxiii.

xi G. 3. c. 88. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His

33 3* c. 176. present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Market Harlorough

to Loughborough, and from Filling Gate to the Melton Mowbray Turnpike Road, in the County of Leicester, (3)

[1st April 1813.] [Additional Trvjlees. Former Tolls repealednew Tolls granted, }

Cap. xxiv.

336.3.0.126. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Parishes of Toxford, Saxmundham and Benhally in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of Aldeburgh9 in the said County, (c)

[1st April 1813.]

[Additional Trustees, Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Half Tolls payable on Back Carriage from Aldeburgh

Cap. xxv.

32 G. 3. c. 235. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Bowes in the County of York, through Barnard Castle and Btshop Auckland, to join the Great North Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham. (a) [1st April 1813.]

[A^lrw Trustees, Former Tolls to sreasey new Tolls granted.}

A.D. 181g.

53° GEO. lII. C. xxvi — xxxhk 803

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Ad, of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for 44 g. 3. c.xvi repairing the Roads leading from Tavistock to Old Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon (b)

[ill April 1813.]

[.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted

Double Tolls on Sunday.J

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing and amending Five Acts passed for repairing several Roads leading from the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and other Places, in the County of Hertford, (a) [ill April 1813.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and the Right Honourable John Sommers Lord Sommers, of certain Estates in the County of Hereford, (q. P.) [ift Jlpril 1813.]

11 G. f. c.it.

6 G. 2 c. 15.

6.2. c.

1 2 G. 3. c. 84. 39 G. 3. c.xix*

Cap. xxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Bug-lawton, in the County of Chester. (q. P.) [id April 1813.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rollefby, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [ill April 1813.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Melksham, in the County of Wilts, (q. P.) [ill April 1813.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for 5a G. 3 c.cwrv. making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Grand Junction Canal, in the Parish of Paddington, to the River Thames in the Parish of Limehouse, with a Collateral Cut in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Mid diefex.

[15th April 1813.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money*for the Improvement See 28g 3.C. 5S. of the Harbour of Leith, and Works therewith cooneded. 3^0.3. c.xix.

[icth April 1813.] 39G 3. c.xliv.

u J r' 45 G. 3 c. xxxii.

47 G. 3. Sell*. 2.

[80, 00c/. Sterling.]

K+ Ult

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act of His present Majesty, g.j. c.cxcv* for constructing a Harbour at Portbleven in Mount's Bay, in the County of Cornwall.

[ijth April 1813.]

3 F z Cap.

C. xxxv — xlii.

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

804

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for improving the Pier and Port of Hartlepool, in the County of Durham.

[15th April 1813.]

Cap. xxxvi.

46 G. 3. c. cxi*. An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietor* of the West 50G.3. c.cxxxii. Middlesex Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money, for enabling them more effectually to carry on their Work*.

[15th April 1813.]

[£160, 000.]

Cap. xxxvii.

ao G. c. 66. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, and other Purposes; and for better collecting the Poor Rates in the said Hamlet.

[15th April 1813.]

Cap. xxxviii.

6 G. 3. c. 45. in An Act for more effectually paving, cleaning, lighting, watching and tJrepe>led* regulating certain Parts of Piccadilly and Park Lane, in the Parish 293*c. 75. of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex;

and also the several Square*, Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Place* within the said Parish; and for altering and enlarging the Power* of an Act of the Twenty ninth Year of His present Majesty, relative to the above Purposes, and to the Poor of the said Parish.

[15 th April 1813 ]

Cap. xxxix.

41 G. 3. (U.K.) An Act for amending an Act passed in the Forty first Year of His crii. present Majesty, respecting the High Road, in the County of

Selkirk.

[15th April 1813 ]

Cap. xl.

3* G. 3. C.X13. An Act for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in repealed. Repair, the Road leading from the North End of the Turnpike

Road called The Coal Road, near West Auckland»in the County of Durham, to the Elf don Turnpike Road, at or near Elifhawy in the County of Northumberland. (<z) [15th April 1813 ]

[Double Tolls in certain cases between 1st November and 1st May.]

18 G. 2. c. 3.

3 G. 3. c. 30. 33 G- 3-c. xj6. repealed as to Roads in Title to this Act.

3a G. 3. c.i; 3*

Cap. xli.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Horffboe Cornery in Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, to the South East End of Castle Street, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge. (a) [15th April 1813.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Burfardy in th*

County

C. xlii — xlix.

805

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

County of Oxford, to Leacblade, in the County of Gloucester; and also the Road from thence through High worth to the Cricklade arid Swindon Turnpike Road, in the County of Wilts, (r)

[15th April 1813.]

[.Additional Trustees ]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Eaton Bridge 3* G. 3.^, 3!. Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Weferham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surry, (r) [[ 15th April 1813.]

[Additional Trustees. Instead of Tolls granted by former Acts, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday, 2

Cap. xliv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His pre- 3t G. 3. ct I3j. sent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Great Marlow, in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford.{e) [15th April 1813.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for (hutting up a Road and Footpath, leading from Cajlleford to Ferrybridge, in the County of York.

[15th April 1813.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act to continue the Term and alter the Powers of several Acts 34 q

of the Thirty fourth. Thirty seventh and Forty fifth Years of 37 0. 3.' £ 16& His Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties 45G.3.V*vi. of Clackmannan and Perth, (a) [15th April 1813.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present 100.3.«. 64. Majesty for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to 3* G. 3. c. x 13. Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sussex. (b) fijth April 1813.] [Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Four several Acts, 3*0. a. 0.63. passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty ofif'cxoe. King George the Second, and in the First, Eighteenth and Thirty 37 G.3, c.x59. seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road from Wakefeld to Sheffield, and for diverting a Part of the said Road. (b) f 15th April 1813.]

[Additional Trustees, Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted*

Extra Tolls on Sunday in certain cases. 3

Cap. xlix.

An Act for enabling the Prebendary of Cantlowes, in the Cathedral Sef45G.3* c.cx* Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Lease, with Powers

3 F 3 of

806

S«e 47 G.3. &«(T. % . c.lviik

C. xlix — lvili.' 5 y GEO. III. A J) .1813.

of Renewal, of the Prebendal Land* of Rentish Town, in the County of Middlesex. (q. P.) [15th April 1813.]

Cap. 1.

An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chesterfield, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale*, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same (Jfes. (q. P.) [15th April 1813.]

Cap. li.

An Act for vesting certain Estates of the Right Honourable William Charles Earl of Albemarle, at glvsden otherwise Elden, and BardwelU irr the County of Suffolk, devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Augustus Viscount Keppel, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same; and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Estates contiguous to the Family Estates of the said Earl in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the said Will of the said Augustus Viscount Keppel. (q. P.) [15th April 1813.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates belonging to the See of York> in Trustees for Sale, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates fold. (q. P.) [15th April 18x3.]

Cap. liii,

An Act for vesting certain detached Settled Estates of Sir John Chandos Reade Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying off Incumbrances thereon, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, (q. P.) [15th April 1813.]

Cap. liv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stonleigh, in the County.6f Warwick, (q. P.) [15th April 1813.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ashley, in the County of Stafford. (q. P.) [15th April 1813

Cap. lvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Eecbin/well, in the County of Southampton, (q. P.) Q 15th April 1813.]

Cap. Ivii

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stow Bed on, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.) [15th April 1813.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Laughton» in the County of Sussex. (q. P.) [15th April 181J.J

A.D. 181

53° GEO. III. C. lix — lxvh $07

Cap. lix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hardingham, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)^15th April 1813.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in IVraxalU Nailsea and Bourton, in the County of Somerset. (q. P.) [15th April 1813.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Skelton in Cleveland\ in the County of York. (q. P.) [15th April 18x3.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for paving and otherwise improving certain Streets and other Public Passages and Places which are or shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground belonging to His Majesty, in the several Pariftie* of Saint Mary le bone and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, called Mary le bone Park. £1st May 1813.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of several 26 G. 2. c. 90. Acts for making and repairing certain Road* leading into the City7 G. a. c. 17. of Glasgow, so far as they relate to that Part of the Road from the l* *3 City of Glasgout to the Town of Dumbarton, which leads from repealed'as'to* Toker Bridge to the Town of Dumbarton, {b) [ 1 It May 1813.] Road from Yoker

Bridge to Dum-

Cap. Ixiv. ^tou.

An Act to continue the Term, and to continue, enlarge and amend^0.3. c 102. the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending, 35 G. 3. c. 143. widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Ludlowfacb to the Town of Llandovery; and from thence to the River Amman9 in the County of Carmarthen, and several other Roads in the same County, communicating the rewith; and for making several new Branches, of Road to communicate with the said Roads. (b) [1st May 1813.]

[Additional Tru/lees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.

Cap. lxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Carriage Road from Padbrooke Bridge in the Parish of Cullompton, to Ha % el Stone in the Parish of Broad Clifty in the County of Devon. (b) £1st May 1813.]

[Extra Tolls on Sunday, in certain cases.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of the Righfc Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, situate in England, for Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Flora Mure Countess o

Loudoun, his Wife, situate in Scotland. (q.P.) [1st May 1813.]

8o8

C. lxvii — lxxiv.

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

40 G.J. (1.) c 10a

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Long Ashton % in the County of Somerset. (q.P*) [1st May 1813.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Rampisham in the Parishes of Rampisham and West Chelborough, in the County of Dorset. (q.P.) [id May 1813.]

Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §20.

[Note, the Evidence Clause to this A9 differs in the following respects; viz. " And it is lastly enacted" instead of ct And be it further enacted" and leaving out the Words M by any of them."]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Flint9 in the County of Flint. (q.P.) [1st May 1813.]

" Allotment to His Majesty, §26. 48.

Cap. lxx.

An Act for reviving, amending and making perpetual, an Act passed in the Parliament of Jrelandy in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade of the City of Cork, and the Liberties thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[21st May 1813.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for regulating Covent Garden Market.

[21st May 1813.]

Cap. lxxii.

5a G. 3. c.cxlix. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty for widening and improving Upper East Smithjuldt in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the County of Middlesex.

[21st May 1813.] [For Ref due of Term under former ABj\

6 Ann. Vol. iu. P- 758.

jiG.a. c 59. a6 G. 3. c. 19.

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for altering and amending Three Acts of the Sixth Year of Queen Anne9 the Thirty second Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon9 and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there.

[21st May 1813.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for enabling William Ogilvie Esquire, to purchase Lands for opening sufficient Roads to and Communications with the Harbour of Ardglass, in the County of Down.

[21st May 1813.]

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

C.lxxv- — lxxviii.

809

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for amending an Act of the Tenth Year of His present 10 G. 3. c. 105. Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, 30 G. 3. c. 73. and Waggon Way, from the Collieries in the Parishes of Old and New MonJtland, to the City of Glasgow.

[21st May 1813.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Twenty a; G. 3. c. 65. seventh Year of His present Majesty, for confirming a Charter or Letters Patent granted by His Majesty to the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, and for establishing a Fund for a Provision to the Widows and Children of the Members of the said Corporation and their Clerk.

[21st May 1813.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol, and other Buildings, See 48 G. 3. for the County and City of Edinburgh.

[21st May 1813.] x*6.

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for making an equal County Rate for the County of Oxford.

[21st May 1813.]

WHEREAS the Assessments by which the County Rates are collected in the County of Oxford, are become very disproportionate and unequal, and it is therefore expedient that Power and Authority should be given to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Oxford, in their General or Quarter Sessions

assembled, to make a fair and equal County Rate, and for that Purpose to assess and tax rateably and in due Proportions all and every the Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precinct s, Villages, Hamlets and Places within the said County, heretofore subject and liable to the Authority and Jurisdiction of the said Justices as to the assessing or levying of the County Rates, according to the annual Rent or Value of Estates therein, for and towards the fame May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Justices of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Oxford, in their General Pe4C«in Sessions or Quarter Sessions assembled, or at auy Adjournment or Adjourn- a<ref* ments thereof, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required from time to time, to assess and tax to the County Rates every Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet and Place within the said County, heretofore subject and liable to the Authority and Jurisdiction of the said Justices as to the assessing or levying of the County Rates, rateably and in equal Proportions, according to the Annual Rent or Value of Estates within each Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet and Place respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That at the next General Quarter Rental of Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of County dtlirerel

Oxford

8io

C. lxxviii.

to Quarter Seffient

Churchwardens and Overseer* not making Returns.

penalty.

Warrant*

12 O. 2. C. 29.

Par idles may be assessed, although no Return made.

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1foj.

Oxford after the passing of this Act, or at the next subsequwt General Quarter Sessions, and from time to time daring the Execution of this Act, when required by the Justices assembled it any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the same County, or by the Clerk of the Peace acting under their Authority, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several and resprCtirp Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets and Places within the said County, shall and they are hereby required to tnake a Return in Writing to the said Justices in Session assembled (which Return shall be verified upon Oath in open Court, at the tune of delivering in the same, by the Person or Persons fa delivering in the same), of the total Amount of the Rental or Value of the several Estates and rateable Property within the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place to which they fell respectively belong, charged or assessed to the Poors Rate of andia such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place, at the time of making such Return, or liable so to be; and the Mode adopted of making such Rate, whether it be to the full Value or in what Proportion thereof, shall be stated and pointed out ia Writing upon such Return, and verified as aforesaid by such Churchwardeni and Overseers, in order that the said Justices may be enabled to discover the real Amount of the Rental or Value of the Estates within such several Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precind*, ViBagtf, Hamlets or Places.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of any of the several Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets or Places within the said County, shall neglect or make Default in making any such Return in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case each and every such Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor so neglecting or making Default (without sufficient Excuse, to be allowed by the said Justices in their said General or Quarter Session) shall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding Ten Pounds, as dull or may be ordered or adjudged by the said Justices, in their General

Suarter Sessions assembled, by way of Penalty for such Neglect or efault; and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, in such SeSow assembled, and they are hereby directed to issue their Warrant, signed by the Justice acting as Chairman of the Justices at such Sdhoa, to the High Constable of the Division where such Parish, Torn, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place shall be situated, directing him to levy such Penalty upon the respective Goods and Chattels of each and every Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place so neglecting or making Default, in like manner and with such Powers and Authorities as the said High Constable is, bf m Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His btt Majesty King George the Second, intituled Am A8 for the moreajj ajfejfing, coUeBing and levying County Rates, veiled with for levyio? on die Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor the Sum a&fed for the County Rate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Churchwarden*, or Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, shall neglect or make Default in making such Return or Returns as aforesaid; or

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

C.brxviii.

tfn

if it shall happen that notwithstanding the incurring of any such Penalty or Penalties as aforesaid, for or on account of such Neglect or Default, a Return for any Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet or Place, shall not be made within the time before limited for the making thereof 5 then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Justices and they are hereby required, either at the said Quarter Sessions or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or at some subsequent General or Quarter Sessions to be held for the said County, or at some Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, to rate and aness each and every the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet or Place, of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, shall have so neglected or made Default in making such Return as aforesaid, fir and towards the said County Rate, according to such Estimate of the juit and fair annual Rent or Value of the Estates within such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct,

Village, Hamlet or Place, or Parishes, Town ships, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets or Places respectively, as the said Justices shall be able to procure by any other means than the Returns which are by this Act required to be made as aforesaid, and to ord.r such Allowance and Compensation to be made to the Constables and other Persons within the several Districts and Divisions in the said County, for their Expences and Trouble in procuring, collecting and levying the same, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable and proper; and all such Allowances, Compensations, and other Expences as shall be thereby incurred, shall be by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Oxford, in their General or Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof assembled, charged upon the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet or Place of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, shall have so neglected or made Default as aforesaid, in Addition to the Proportion of the said County Rats to be paid by such Parish,

Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet or Place 5 and such Allowances, Compensations and Expences shall and may be raised, levied and collected by such and the like ways and means as the said County Rate can or may be raised, levied and collected, and shall be paid therewith.

V. And be it further enacted, That in any Parish, Township, Parifoes may be Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, Extra-parochial Place or other Placehereno

in the said County of Oxford, where no Rate is or shall be made cow*tlat* and collected for the Relief of the Poor, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to order and direct the Sum of Money which shall from time to time be assessed as or for the County Rate upon such Parish, Township, Liberty,

Precinct, Hamlet, Extra-parochial Place or other Place, to be rated and levied on the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupier's of Lands and Tenements therein, by such one or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, in such and the same manner as any Rate for the Relief of the Poor is by Law directed to be rated or levied 5 which Sum, so rated and levied, shall be paid by such one or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, to the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division wherein such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, Extra-parochial Place or other Place doth lie, within the Space of Thirty Days after

C. Ixxvin.

8U

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Demand thereof made in Writing, to be given to such one or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, or left at his, her or their Dwelling House or Houses, by the said Chief Constable of such Hundred or Division, which Demand the said Chief Constable is hereby required to make at such times as the said Justices of the Peace shall by their Order in Sessions direH; and in case such one or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums so assessed as or for a County Rate, after Demand made as aforesaid, such Chief Constable Distress. shall and is hereby empowered to levy the same by Distress and Sale

of the Goods and Chattels of such one or more Inhabitant or Inha* bitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, so refusing or neglecting to pay the same as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Oxford* rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Money assessed and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such one or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall pay such Sum before the same shall be so by him rated and levied as aforesaid, he, she or they may afterwards rate and levy the same, or shall and may be allowed and re-imbursed the said Sum of Money by a Rate made or to be made upon all and every the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands and Tenements within such Parish, Township, Liberty, PrecinH, Hamlet, Extra-parochial Place or other Place, which any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County shall order and direH; and shall be subjeH and liable to the same Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof, by Distress md Sale in cases of Nonpayment, as are hereinbefore given to the Chief Constable.

In what case

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Rental of whole Peace, or any Three or more of them, or the Clerk of the Peace for County reviled, the said County ailing under their Authority, shall and may and corrected and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered, from time afeenam.tjme> whenever the same may be, in the Judgment of such Justices,

necessary for the better Execution of this Act, to cause any of the Books of Assessment of the Property or Income Tax, so far as the same relate, or refer to, or in any wise concern the Statement of Property to be set forth and dated in the Schedule (A.) contained in an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present 46G.J. c. 65. Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, during tie present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of any definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices* and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effieSual the Provisions for code ding the said Duties, and the Rental or Valuation by which such Assessments are made, mentioned and described within any Parish or Place within the said County, to be brought before them or him, and to take Copies or ExtraHs of and from such Books or any Part or Parts thereof, or to order and direH any Person to take fuen Copies or ExtraHs from such Books in the Hands of the Clerk to the Commissioners or Collector, without having the same brought before the Justices as

C. lxxviii.

813

A.D. 1813. 53= GEO. pi.

aforesaid, as they, he or any of them shall think fit; such Compensation being made to the Parties producing the same respectively, as the said Justices, or any Three or more of them, shall think reasonable; and if any Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books shall be, shall neglect or refuse to attend the said Justices or the said Clerk of the Peace with such Book or Books, or to permit any such Copies or Extrads thereof as aforesaid to be taken as aforesaid, then and in every such case every Person who shall so refuse or neglect, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit penalty, and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders,

Person or Persons so making Default, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice of the Peace for the said County, rendering the Overplus to the Party or Parties, respectively on whose Goods and Chattels such Distress and Sale shall be so made as aforesaid; and the same Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered and received shall forthwith be paid to the Treasurer of the said County, or of such Division thereof in which such Offence shall arise, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Church- Appeal warden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place in the said County, shall at any time or times have reason to believe that such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place is aggrieved by any Rate to be made in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their next General or General Quarter Sessions against such Part of the Rate only as may affect the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precind,

Village, Hamlet or Place in which such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, shall serve such Offices respectively 5 and the said Justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally' determine the same, and either to confirm such Rate, or to give such Appellant or Appellants such Relief as to them the said Justices in their Discretion shall appear fair, just and equitable:

Provided nevertheless, that upon such Appeal no such Rate shall be ProviT*. quashed or destroyed, in regard to any other Parish, Town,

Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place, or Person or Persons assessed thereby; any thing in this Act, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, Expenceiof

Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, as betwixt Parish and Parish, Toea?

or betwixt any Person and Persons, or any Parish or Paristies, or any.c, IW>eAi* Person or Persons respedingany thing done in pursuance of this Act

or any other Act or Acts relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, mall be borne and paid by such respective Parishes and Persons, or such of them and in such Proportions, as the said Justices, upon any Appeal, in their General or Quarter Sessions, shall award and order the same, or as such Courts wherein such Actions, Suits or Proceedings shall be instituted shall adjudge and order, and shall not be charged to or paid out of the County Rate.

ft'4

Former Acts ex-temietl to Alt

XI 0.1. c. 29.

I j G. % . c. 18.

Expence* of

Ad.

Limitation of Alt ions.

[General Issue.]

C.Ux?iii. 53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

IX. And be it further enacted and declared, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, Provisions and Authorities contained in the said Statute made in the Twelfth Year of ^be Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy cjfjfingy collecting and levying County Rates; and also so much of another Statute made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Hh said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to continue several Acts therein mentioned, for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or defray Turnpikes; for repairing Highways or Locks or other Warks ended ly Authority of Parliament; for making Rivers navigable; for preventing ExsSiuu of the Occupiers of Locks and IVeirs upon the River of Thames Wtflwardy and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriige ipctthe

said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for better securing the lawful Trade of His Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all His Majesifi Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions; and for iimititg the time for suing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the time and manner of afjyitg for the same; for the better and more speedy Execution of Proem within particular Franchises or Liberties, and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace of Counties touch* County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties atJ Franchises as have Commissions of the Peace within thmfelw, u relates to County Rates save and except such Parts thereof respectively as are hereby varied, altered or repealed), shall be good, valid and effectual for the Purposes of assessing, levying, collecting and enforcing the Payment of the Rate or Rates hereafter to be made in pursuance of this Act, and for carrying this Act into Execution.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the said County of Oxford shall be and he is hereby authorized and required to obey any Order or Orders that shall hereafter be made by the Justices of the said County at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, for the Payment of the Cols Charges and Expences occasioned by the applying for and passingtbu Ad, and also the Charges and Expences which shall be incident to and attending the collecting of the said Returns of the said Church* wardens, Overseers or other Persons, and the making and arranging of the Rate to be made in pursuance of this Act.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced or prosecuted against uy Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done by virtue or ia pursuance of this Act, after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have anfeo; and every such Action shall be brought and laid in the County of Oxford, and not elsewhene; and the Defendant or Defendants u every such Action or Suit shall and may plead, at his, her or their Election, specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act}

and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to hue been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought after the time limited for bringing the same as aforeskid, or be

C. lxxviii — kxxir.

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said cases the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all cases where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the same after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and have the like Remedy Double Cost* for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs of Suit in any other cases by Law.

[Public Act.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for amending, enlarging and extending the Powers of Two 49^; 3 C- clrxxm. several Acts passed in the Forty ninth and Fiftieth Years of His c.csUr.

present Majesty, relating to the Execution of the Commission of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Mouldfey in Surry, to Ravenjbortte in Kent.

[21st May 18J3.]

tjUy. ISaai j j G*c

An Act for uniting the Interests and Concerns of the Proprietors of 17 g. 3. c. 67. the Chefer Canal and Ellesmere Canal; and for amending the 180.3.0.21. several Acts of His present Majesty, relating to the said Canals. 33 G. 3. 0.91.

[21 d May 1813.] 36G-3.cc. 71.]

[" Tie United Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere and Chester 41 g. 3 (U.K.)

Canals99 incorporated.] c.lxx.

42 G. 3. c.xx. 44 G. 3. c.liv. 50 G. 3. c. ixiv.

CapAxx\\.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of King George the 14 g. a. c. 24. Second, and an Act of His present Majesty, for Draining Lands in 37 G. 3. c. £8. Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge.

[21st May 1813.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for more effectually paving, lighting, watching and improving7 0-3* c. 4S* the Town of Margate, in the County of Kent.

[21st May 1813.] 39 G. 3. cJh

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Streets and other public Passage3 and Places ia Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

[21st May 1813.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching and improving the Hamlet of Poplar and Blackmail, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Hamlet.

[21st May 1813.]

C.lxxxv — Ixzxvii. 53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for providing additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington, in the County of Middlesex.

[21st May 1813.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for building a Chapel of Ease for the Parish of Clapham, in the County of Surry.

[21st May 1813.]

Cap lxxxvii.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames, from the City of London to the opposite Bank in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surry.

[21st May 1813.]

51 G. 3. c.dxv.

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for treSingn Bridge over the River Thames, from or near the Three Cranes, n the ' Part/hes of Saint James Garlick Hy the and Saint Martin Vintry, is the City of London, to the opposite Bank of the said River, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surry, and for making §59 " proper Streets and Avenues to communicate therewith, it is, among#

other things, enacted, that nothing in the said Act contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize and empower the Company of Proprietors, incorporated for the Purposes of the fiud Act, to take any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Tenements or Premises, for the Purposes of the said Act, or to proceed with the Works therein authorized to be made, until a sufficient Number of Subscribers should have been obtained who would undertake to raise the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, such Subscription to be obtained within the Space of Eighteen Calendar Months from the passing of the said Act, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London* 4 or to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Surry, assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County, and to be subject to all the Provisoes and Enactments therein contained in respect of any or such Sum or Sums of Money mentioned in the said Act: And whereas many Persons have subscribed to the said Undertaking since the paffipg of the said Act, but, owing to the peculiar Exigencies of the Timet, a sufficient Number of Subscribers have not yet been obtained who will undertake to raise the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, and the said Period of Eighteen Months expired on the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors conceive that they shall be enabled to obtain a sufficient Number of Subscribers who will undertake to raise the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, on being allowed further time for that Purpose, and it is expedient to amend the said recited Act: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it encted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the 14 lame,

SM14G.3.

e.i».

Ctlxxxviu

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

817

same. That the time for obtaining Subscriptions for raising the said Period for ob-Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds shall be extended Eighteen ta, ninS Subscrip-Calendar Months from the Day of passing this Act, and that the said t, ons en recited Act shall operate and be construed, and that all Clauses, Conditions, Powers, Provisoes and Directions therein contained, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect for such extended Period in such and the same or the like way and manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said extended Period had been inserted in the said recited Ain (lead of the said Space of Eighteen Calendar Months from the passing thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Piers and Abutments of jjow pjcfJ^the said intended Dridge shall be conflru6ted and made in a sub- Abutment# flantial and workmanlike manner, according to the Principles of a made. Specification herein after mentioned; that is to say, the Ground on

which the said Piers and Abutments shall be erected, shall be secured by driving Piles of sufficient Strength, Length and Number, with Two or more Courses of Timber (each Course being at leall One Foot in Thickness), placed on the Tops of such Piles; and that the said Piles and Courses of Timber for securing the said Piers, shall extend not less than Five Feet in Length, ana Five Feet in Breadth at every Part thereof beyond the Shaft and salient Angles of the said intended Piers, so as to cover a Space of Ground nearly Twice the Size of the same Pier at High Water Height 5 and that the Piles and Courses of Timber for securing the said Abutments, shall be sufficient to render the said Abutments perfectly secure, and to prevent the Possibility of their linking or giving way; and that the same Piers and Abutments shall be constructed of solid Masonry, the Outside to be cased for at lead Two Feet and One-half in Thickness, with Dundee Craigheith, or Derbyshire Stone, or other Stone of equal good Quality, and the Inside with Whithy or other Stone of a Quality equally good, without any Rubble-worit either in the said Piers or in the solid Part of the said Abutments, but such Rubble-work may be used in the Wings or Land Arches, or the Abutments of the Wings or dry Arches.

III. And be it further enacted, That One Pier of the said in- Piers eredtd tended Bridge shall be condru&ed and finished up to the Springing One by One be-of the intended Arches, before the other Pier shall be begun, or any the Abut-Preparation made in the River for that Purpose 5 and that wheu the ent4»

said Pier is completed, the other shall be completed as aforesaid, so !he Lon-" that only One of the said Piers shall be constructing at one and the aou Abutment* same time, and that in like manner the Abutment of the said intended Bridge, on the Surry Side thereof, shall be constructed and completed up to the Springing of the Arch before that on the London Side i9 begun, and when and after the said lad mentioned Abutment shall be completed, but not before, the Abutment of the said intended Bridge on the London Side thereof shall be constructed and built.

Iv. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said p^, anaAfrut-Company of Proprietors shall not proceed to place or fix, or to cause mems certified to be placed or fixed, any of the Irvin Work on the said intended to have been Piers and Abutments of the said intended Bridge, unless and until properly the said Piers and Abutments shall have been certified to be well cute<1 b^or and satisfactorily finished and completed according to the Speci- \voiksar«^fication hereinbefore contained, by John Rennie, Civil Engineer, placed on any qt in case of his Death or Refusal to certify the same, by some of the Piersai 53 Geo. III. 3 G Two Abutments.

8i8

C. lxxxvii.

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Money applied to Courtru^tion of Br idge,

Provife.

Two Engineers, One of them to be appointed for that Purpose by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, at the Request of the said Company of Proprietors, and the other by the said Company j and m case such Two Engineers shall not agree as to the making such Certificate, then by such Third Engineer, as shall be appointed by the Two first chosen.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That so fooa as the Monies to be subscribed and raised for the Purpose* of the said recited Act, and of this Act, shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, the same Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall, after setting aside the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, Part thereof, be inverted in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of Sir Charles Price and Sir Willian Curtis Baronets; and of George Holme Sumner, Samuel Thornton and William Mellish Esquires; as by the said recited Act is directed, be appropriated and set apart for the Condruction and Erection of the said intended Bridge, and no Part thereof shall be applied for improving, widening or making any Streets, Ways or Approaches, or any other the Purposes of this Act, until the said intended Bridge shall be in every respect finirtied and completed: Provided nevertheless, that any Monies subscribed and raised after the said Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall have been appropriated as aforesaid, may be applied for any of the Purposes of the said recited Act, or this Act, in such a manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper.

VT. And be it further enacted, That in case at any time hereafter the Iron Arches of the said intended Bridge, or any of them, IhaQ fall or give way, so as to obstruct or endanger the Navigation of the said River, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City of jLondon^ in Common Council assembled, or their Agents, Servants or Workmen, to take away the said Iron Work and other Materials which shall have fallen or given way as aforesaid, and fell the same for their own Benefit, towards defraying the Expences of moving the same, and the Damages occasioned by, or by means of such Failure as aforesaid, unlets the said Company of Proprietors shall forthwith, and with all due Diligence, take away the Iron Work and Materials which shall have so fallen or given way as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the find made for Lofc of Company of Proprietors, or Court of Directors, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, shall, and they are hereby autho-Saint Martin's rized and required, by and out of the Monies to arise and be Vintry, and Sait# received by virtue of the said Act, to pay to the Collectors or James GarHck Receivers of the AAe Aments for Land Tax and Poor's Rate, Coo* folidated Rate or Rate for paving, cleansing and lighting. Watch Rate, Sewer Rate and Trophy Tax within the Parishes of Sakt Martin Vintry, and Saint James Gar Vick Hytbe respectively, or the Ward of Vintrjy in the City of London, all such Sums of Money as shall be deficient in the Produce of the said AiTefiments, Ratn and Taxes, by reason of the taking down Houfts and Buildings, or otherwise in consequence of the Alterations and Works authorized to be made by the said recited Act, according to the Produce

If any Arch give* way, Corporation authorised to remove and fell the Iron and Materials which have given way.

Compensation

Hythe.

C.lxxxvii. IxxxviiL

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

of the said several Assessments and Rates and Taxes respectively, from Lady Day One thousand eight hundred and twelve to Lady Day One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and they, the said Collectors or Receivers, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, as often as the said Assessments,

Rates and Taxes shall be made and allowed, or become payable, to demand, recover and receive the same of and from the said Company of Proprietors, or Court of Directors, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, as an Equivalent in lieu of such Assessment8, Rates and Taxes as aforesaid: Provided also, that when and Previfi* so soon as a sufficient Number of Houses shall be erected and built by virtue of the said recited Act, and shall be rated, or become liable to the Payment of the said Assessments, Rates and Taxes, and the Rates, Taxes and Assessments thereof shall amount to as much Money as the Deficiences aforesaid, that then and from thenceforth, the Equivalent above mentioned and directed to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, or Court of Directors, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, to the said respective Commissioners and their Successors, and to the said respective Collectors or Receivers as aforesaid, shall cease, and be no longer payable; and that when and so soon as any such House or Houses shall be built, and the Assessments, Rates and Taxes thereon shall not be sufficient to answer the said Equivalent, that then the said respective Collectors or Receivers shall allow and give Credit to the said Company of Proprietors or Court of Directors, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, for so much Money as shall be received in respeCfc of the said several Assessments, Rates and Taxes, from the Owners and Occupiers of such House or Houses in discharge of the said Equivalent, as far as the same will extend, they the said Company of Proprietors, or Court of Directors, or theif Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, paying, and being liable to pay, the Remainder of the said Equivalent; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise with respect to the Amount of the Equivalent to be paid as aforesaid, by the said Company of Proprietors, or Court of Directors, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, the same shall be settled and adjusted br any Two or more of the Aldermen of the City of London, whole Adjustment and Determination shall be binding and conclusive on all'Parties concerned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Public Act# and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act to continue Three Acts made in the Fifteenth and Thirty first5 C* a. c. 8. Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second 5 31 G. 2* c*9* and in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,l c* laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One sixth Part of a.Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold within the Town of Kirkcaldy and Liberties thereof. (c) [21st May 1813.]

3 G 2

Cap.

820

C. lxxxix — xci*.

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

3*C. 3

G.3.

3i «. 3-

55 O. 3.

iz g.3.

i>C. 2.9G. 3. G. 3

30 G.3.

Cap. lxxxix.

c. 119. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Peterborough to Thomey, in the ljle of Ely> in the County of Cambridge, (a)

[21st May 1813.] [Additional Trustees. Formtr Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.J

Cap. xc.

' 88. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of His

c. 124. present Majesty for repairing the Highways from that Part of

c*34» Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlfex leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounflowy to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the Road to Colnbrcoky and federal other Roads in the said County, so far as the same relate to the New DifriSl of Road therein deleribed.

[21st May 1813.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Half additional Tolls in certain cases. Double Tolls gn Sunday. For Term under former ABs.-\

Cap. xci.

5. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge tire Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cornbill Burn to Milfield March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lowicky and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the Counties of Nor* thumberland and Durham; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith, (e) [21st May 1813]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xcii.

An Act for amending the Roads and Highways in the 1JU of Wight.

[a) [21st May 1813 ]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.

Cap. xciii.

c. 43. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and c. 87. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hitchin to Bedford,

c.iij. an(j Roads branching therefrom, through Henlow to Gerford

Bridge and to Arlefcy, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford. (I) [21st May 1813.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xciv.

6.94.' An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His per-sent Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road from Stumf Cross to Newmarket Heath, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Cambridge; and for empowering the Trustees to erect a Weighing Engine near to the said Road.

[21st May 1813.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.J

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III. C. xcv — cin.

9tt

T3*

Cap. xcv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Power of Two Acts of His iaQ^. c. 91. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Downham Market 3»G, j. c. 158. to the Queen's Head, and from the Checquer Inn in Downham Market to the Two Mile Close, in the Parish of Barton, in the County of Norfolk, (c) [21st May 1813.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Steeple Ashton, in the County of IVills. (q. P.) [21st May 1813.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, settled by the Will of Thomas Riddell Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money by such Sale arising, in the Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the same; and for invetting the Refidne of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates in the County of Northumberland, to be fitted to the same Uses. (q. P.)

[21st May 1813.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for enabling the Principal and Scholars of Brazen Nose CoU lege, Oxford, to fell the Manor and Farm of Gennings Court, Kent, to Sir John Gregory Shaw, Baronet, and to apply the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same IJfeB. (q. P.) [21st May 1813.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for vesting the Settled Estates of Robert Holden Esquire* situate in the County of York, and Normanton, in the County of Nottingham, in Trust to be sold, and for laying, out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Ufe8: (q. P.) [21st May 1813.]

Cap. c.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Westmorland in James Adam Esquire, discharged of the Uses of the Will of the Reverend James Barker, deceased; and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes. (q. P.)

[21st May 1813.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Thurgoland, in the County of York* (q. P.) # [21st May 1813.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Uphill, in the County of Somerset. (q. P.) [21st May 1813.]

Cap. ciii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Buckden, in the County of Huntington, (q. P.) [21st May 1813.]

Allotments and Compensations for Tithes* $3* -

3 G 3 C*P'

C. civ — cx.

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Zzt

Cap. civ.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Wihe, in the County of York. (q. P.) [21st May 1813.]

Cap. cv.

7G.3. Cf88. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the

*R* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of Shap, in the County of Westmorland; and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, (q. P. V

[21st May 1813.] u Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §19.23, 24.

Cap. cvi.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Stuieley, in the County of Huntingdon. (q.P.)

[21st May 1813.]

u No Lease of Lands by the Rector of King9! Ripton9 without Consent of His Majesty as Patron of the Rectory, §31.

Cap. cvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Waterieaehy in the County of Cambridge. (q. P.) ([21st May 1813 3

li Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, f 19.

Cap. cviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Elvetham9 in the County of Southampton. (q.P*) [21st May 1813.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townships of Whittington and Newton with Docier, in the Parish of Whittington* in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (q. P.) [21st May 1813.]

Cap. cx.

An Act to provide for the Distribution, Payment and Application of certain Monies and Effects, refunded or paid, or to be refunded or paid, by or on Behalf of the Government of Sweden, among the Persons having Claims thereon in consequence of certain Detentions, Sequestrations and Condemnations by that Government, in the Years One thousand eight hundred and ten, One thousand eight hundred and eleven and One thousand tight hundred and twelve.

[3d June 1813.]

WHEREAS divers Cargoes, Goods, Wares and Merchant

dir.es, and other- Property, were, some time in or about the Years One thousand eight hundred and ten, One thousand eight hundred and eleven and One thousand eight hundred and twelve, f sequestrated, condemned or otherwise detained, in some Ports or«Places in the Dominions or Within the Jurisdiction of the King f of Sweden: And whereas at certain Meetings of the Perfots who f have sustained Lottes in consequencfe of such Sequestrations, I>-5«teution«

C. cx.

823

A.D. 1813.

53- G$Q. HI.

tentions and Condemnations held, in the City of London, on the Second Day of August, and the Twenty ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eleven, John Atkins the elder, Thomas Wilson, George Wood[, Thomas Row croft, John Anthony Rucker and Philip Frederick Behrends, all of the City of London, Merchants, were chosen as a Committee to act on Behalf of all the Parties interested, for the Purpose of endeavouring to obtain the Refto ration of such Property, or some Compensation in respect thereof, or otherwise to act as it should seem to them expedient in relation to such Property, and also to appoint Attornies or Agents to proceed to Sweden for the Purpose of negotiating and entering into Arrangements with the Swedish Government, or otherwise as might be deemed advisable for the Parties interested in the said Property 5 and the said Committee did, with the Concurrence and Permission of His Majesty's Government, sometime in or about the Month of December One thousand eight hundred and eleven, duly empower Isaac Aldebert and John Atkins the younger, of the City of London, Merchants, to proceed to Sweden for the Purposes aforesaid 5 and the said Isaac Aldebert and John Atkins the younger did accordingly proceed to Sweden, and enter into Negotiation with the Swedish Government in respect of the Matters so entrusted to their Charge as aforesaid; and in or about the Mouth of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the said John Atkins the younger returned to this Country, and reported to the said Committee the Result of such Negotiations: And whereas a great Number of Merchants and Underwriters and other Perfors interested in the said Property, did, by an Instrument under their Hands and Seals, duly appoint the said Isaac Aldebert and John Atkint the younger, jointly on Behalf of all the Parties interested in the said Property, to act as Attornies or Commercial Agents respecting the Premises, and in such Character or otherwise as might be requisite to enter into and conclude any Agreement or Treaty with the Government of the Kingdom of Sweden or Officers of the same, or Persons acting on Behalf thereof, for the Liberation or Restitution of all or any of the Property detained, sequestrated or condemned as aforesaid, or in respect of any Payment, Compensation or Remuneration on account thereof, or to make any other Arrangements respecting the Premises, and to do all such Acts as might be reouifite for perfecting the same: And Whereas the said Isaac Aldebert and John Atkins the younger have, under and by virtue or in pursuance of such Power and Authority as aforesaid, entered into an Agreement or Arrangement with the Government of the Kingdom of Sweden, for the Restitution of the said Property, or the Proceeds thereof, or some Parts thereof, or for some Compensation respecting the same: And Whereas in pursuance of such Agreement or Arrangement a considerable Sum of Money hath been received by the said Isaac Aldebert and John Atkint the younger, as such Agents ?s aforesaid, and by them remitted to London i and the said Isaac Aldebert and John Atkins the younger are eipe#ed shortly to receive further Sums of Money on account of the Property ah4 Effects sequestrated, detained or condemned, as hereinbefore mentioned: And Whereas a great Number of the reruns cUiiping to

3 0

4 be

Appointment of Commissioneri,

Appointment of Hefereei.

Oath taken by Coimniilioners Rcierees.

C, cx. 53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

be interested in the Monies received and to be received under such Arrangement or Negotiation, being desirous that the said John 4 A thins the elder, Robert Shedden the elder of the City of London* 4 Merchant, and the said Thomas Wilson, John Anthony Rucker and

Thomas Rower oft* should be appointed Commissioners or Trustees for the Payment and Distribution of such Monies, the Sum of

Ninety thousand Pounds and upwards (the Monies already remitted as aforesaid) hath been paid to them, and by them invested in Exchequer Bills: And Whereas it is expedient, in order to provide for the due Payment and Application of the Monies received and to be received as aforesaid, and for invefligating, ascertaining and deciding on the Origin, Justice and Amount of the several and respective Claims to be made on the Monies and Property received and to be received as aforesaid, and the Rights and Interests of all Parties therein, and for the Safety and Indemnity of the Persons distributing or applying the said Sums and Funds, that certain Persons should be appointed as Referees, and that the said Referees, and also the said Commissioners or Trustees, should have such respective Powers and Authorities, and should take such Oaths for the faithful Discharge thereof as herein after in those respective Behalves expressed and contained, and that the said Funds should be protected against Forgery, and that the several other Provisions and Regulations herein after expressed should be made in relation thereto;

but inasmuch as the several Purposes hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, cannot be effectually accomplished without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said John Atkins the elder, Robert Shedden, Thomas Wilson* John Anthony Rucker and Thomas Rowcroft,; -: nd their Successorp to be appointed as herein after mentioned, shall be and are hereby conflltuted and appointed Commissioners for the Receipt, Payment, Division and Distribution of the Monies, Bills, Effects and Property received and to be received by or from the Swedish Government, or any Agents thereof, ifi respect of the Matters aforesaid; and that Jan es Campbell, of the City of London, Merchant, the said George Wood and William Hutchins, Henry Septimus Hyde Wollaston, James Bow Jen and William Silas Hathaway, also of the City of London* Merchants, and their Successors, to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby constitiited and appointed Referees for the In-veftigation of the Origin, Justice and Amount of the Claims to be tnade on the said Monies and Propprty received or to be received as aforesaid in manner herein after expressed.

II. And be it further enacted, That some Two of the Persons who are hereby appointed as Commissioners, of as Referees, or one of the said Persons appointed Commissioners, and one of the said Persons appointed Referees, shall before they enter upon the Execution of such Offices, respectively take an Oath before the Master of the Rolls for the time being, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exchequer, or the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the time being,

8 (which

C. cx.

9tS

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

(which Oath they or any of them respectively are and is hereby

authorized and required to administer) the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; that is to say,

4 T do swear, that according to the bell of my Oath.

Judgment I will faithfully and impartially execute the several

Tufts, Powers and Authorities of a Commissioner Tor Referee as the case may require] under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act [inferi the Title of this Afll, according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.'

And every other of the said Commissioners and Referees in this Act named shall likewise take the same Oath before the said Two Persons, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any or either of them New Commif-the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or of the Commissioners or J>oners and Re-Referees to be appointed under this present Provision, shall die, or in^of Seath be deiirous of being discharged from the said Office, Duty or Trust £c#

of a Commissioner, or go to reside beyond the Seas, or refuse or become incapable, or decline to act further in such Trusts, Powers and Authorities, before the same shall be fully executed and performed, then and immediately on the happening of every such case, the other Persons who shall then be Commissioners by virtue of this Act, or the major Part of such Persons, shall and they are hereby required forthwith, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint any fit Person or Persons to supply the Place or Pisces of the Commissioner or Commissioners so dying, desiring to be discharged, or going to relide beyond the Seas, or refusing or becoming incapable, or declining to act as aforesaid; and immediately after every such Appointment of a Commissioner or Commissioners shall have been so made, all the said Monies, Bills, Effects and Property, which under and by virtue or in pursuance of this Act shall then be subject to the Trusts and Provisions of this Act, shall immediately become veiled in such new Commissioner or Commissioners jointly with the remaining, surviving or continuing Commissioner or Commissioners, upon the Trusts and for the Purposes of this Act, or such of them as shall then remain to be performed; and that if any or either of them the said Referees hereby appointed, or if the Referees to be appointed under this present Provision, shall die, or be deiirous of being discharged from the said Office, Duty or Trust of a Referee, or go to relide beyond the Seas, or refuse or become incapable, or decline to act further in such Trusts, Powers and Authorities, before the same shall be fully executed and performed, then and immediately on the happening of every such case, the other Person or Persons who shall then be Referee or Referees by virtue of this Act, or the major Part of them, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals to nominate and appoint any fit Person or Persons to supply the Place or Places of the Referee or Referees so dying* desiring to be discharged, or going to reside beyond the Seas, or refusing or becoming incapable, or declining to act as aforesaid; and immecfiately after every such Appointment of a

new

[Proviso.]

Three Commit* (loners or Referees maytt.

Monies, ftc. remitted and to be remitted, veiled in Commissioneis.

paving the Rights of ICiac Aldebert and John Atkins Junior.

new Commissioner or ConMaifioners, Referee or Reftreo*, shall be so made as aforesaid, every fuqh new Commissioner and Referee shall have and may exercise all the same or the like Rowers* Privileges and Authorities whatsoever, as if he had been appointed a Commissioner or Referee by this Act, and as if his Name had been expressly inserted in this Act: Provided nevertheless, that no such Person (had be competent to act as such Commissioner or Referee as aforesaid, until he shall have taken the Oath hereinbefore prescribed, before Two of the Persons who shall then be Commissioners or Referees, or One of the then Commissioners, or One of the then Referees who shall have previously taken the said Oath, and which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to adminftter to every such new Commissioner and Referee accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Three of the Cota-missioners for the time being, and any Three of the Referees for the time being respectively, shall have full Power and Authority to act, do and perform all Matters and Things whatsoever which by this Act are entrusted and required to be done by the said Commissioners and Referees respectively; and that all Acts, Deeds, Matters and Things, done, executed or performed by Three of the said Commissioners, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been done by all the said Commissioners; and all Acts, Matters and Things done, executed and performed by Three of the said Referees shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been done by all the said Referees

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds so inveiled in Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, and the said Exchequer Bills, and all other Securities for the same, and all other Monies, Bills, Effects and Property whatsoever already received or obtained, or hereafter to be received or obtained by the said IJans Aldebert and John Likins the younger, or either of them, or by aay other Person or Persons, of or from the Swedish Government or the Officers thereof, or otherwise, in respect of the Cargoes, Merchandizes, Effects and Property so fequeffratod, detained or condemned as aforesaid, under or by virtue of the said Agreement or Arrangement with the Swedish Government, or any other Agreement or Arrangement with the Swedish Government, on account of such Sequestrations, Detentions and Condemnations as aforesaid, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be and become the Property of, and the same are hereby veiled in, the said Commissioners and their Successors to be appointed as aforesaid, discharged of and from all Claims, Rights and Intereils whatsoever, of or by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever; but nevertheless for the Purposes and upon the Trusts of this Act; and all such Monies, Bills, Effects and Property to be received or obtained by the said Ifaae Aldebert and John Atkiiu the younger, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken in Law to be had and received to the Use of the said Commissioners and their Successors, upon the Trulls and for the Purposes of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing ia this Act contained, shall be construed, deemed or taken to prejudice, destroy, defeat, bar or take away any Claim or Demand what foe ver which the said Isaac Aldebert and Jofm Atkins the younger, or either of them, or either of their Executors and AwimfLntors

now

C. cr.

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

now or at any time hereafter have or shall or might otherwise hare, claim or be entitled to, for or by Reason or Means or in consequence of their or any of their pall or future Services, Trouble, Attendance,

Assistance and Disbursements, touching or concerning all or any of the Monies and Property hereby vested in the said Conunifhoners, or otherwise relating to all or any of the Matters and Things mentioned in this Act, by virtue of any express or implied Undertaking or Agreement, or any Custom or Usage of Trade or Commerce, Rule of Law or Equity, or otherwise howsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Receipt and Receipts Receipts of of the said Commissioners for the time being, shall fully and effectually Commissionerj; discharge the said Isaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, or the va 1 'c ar-eS*

Persons or Person from whom the Money, Effe£b or Property for which each such Receipt shall be given shall therein be mentioned to have been received, of and from all such Sums of Money, Effects or Property as shall in every such Receipt respectively be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and that the Direction and Directions in Writing of the said Commissioners for the time being under their Hands, shall be a sufficient Warrant and Authority for the said Ifaat f Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, or such other Persons or Person as the same may concern, to pay, deliver, make over, remit or otherwise apply, in such manner as shall be therein mentioned, such Monies, Bills, Effects and Property received or to be received by the said Isaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, their Executors or Administrators, or auy or either of them, or any other Person or Persons, by virtue of the said Agreement or Arrangement with the Government of the Kingdom of Sweden, or the Officers thereof or otherwise in respect of the Premises, as shall be respectively mentioned in such Directions or Direction 5 and that when the said Isaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, or any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall have paid, delivered or remitted any such Monies, Bills, Effects and Property, to or to the Order of, or otherwise applied the same according to the Direction of the said Commissioners, under their Hands as aforesaid, they the said Isaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, or their Executors or Admini(lrator8, or other such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be and is and are hereby released, exonerated and discharged of and from all responsibility or liability in respect of such Monies, Bills,

Effects or Property, and shall not, after having paid, remitted or applied the same as aforesaid, be liable to any Claim on account thereof, or bound to fee to the Application thereof, or be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication of the same.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Power not to* hereby given to the said Commissioners shall not reyoke, or in any Y'^rPawer °* respect abridge or controul the Powers and Authorities hereinbefore orueJ' mentioned to have been granted to and vested in the said Isaac

AUebert and John Atkins the younger, except so far as such Power* and Authorities are incompatible; but nevertheless, that the said Powers or Authorities given to the said Isaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger as aforesaid shall be revocable by the said Commissioners.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Referees for the time R«fe*e* c,l being do and Audi aa4 they we hereby required, within Twenty 00 claunamtt

eight

8aS

C.cx.

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

for Vouchers, eight Days next after the passing of this Act, to cause Notice

*c* to be given by Advertisement in the London Gavutte, for all Persons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate, claiming any Interest in the said Monies, Bills, Effects and Property hereby vested in the said Commissioners, to deliver to them the said Referees for the time being, or as they may require. Statements and Accounts in Writing of the respective Losses sustained by them or those under whom they respectively claim, in consequence or by reason of the said Sequestrations, Detentions or Condemnations, and of all their respective Claims to Restitution or Compensation in refjped of such Lofle9, out of the Monies, Effects and Property hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and also to shew or deliver as aforesaid all or any Invoices, Bills of Lacting, Policies of Insurance, Bills of Pareels, Vouchers, Documents, Papers and Writings whatsoever, which may by such Referees be thought necessary to prove and When Amount substantiate such Losses and Claims; and when the Amount of any of Claims afeer- such Claim or Claims shall be substantiated and ascertained to the to Tve Cteni-Ce* Satisfaction of the said Referees, they are hereby required to deliver a?*: l-° every Person> Body Politic or Corporate, whose Claim shall be so substantiated and ascertained, or to his or her Executors, Administrators or Successors, a Certificate in Writing, in such Form as to the said Referees shall seem proper, of the Amount for which each such Person, Body Politic or Corporate is entitled to claim, and also a Duplicate of such Certificate, the said Certificate and Duplicate to be respectively signed by the said Referees; and upon the Receipt of every such Certificate, the Person, Body Politic or Cor-

?orate receiving the same, is directed and required, within Fourteen lays from the Receipt thereof, to deliver to and deposit with the said Commissioners, or One of them, or their Clerk or Agent, one Part of every such Certificate, and to retain the other Part thereof ia his or their own Custody; and when any Dividend or Distribution of the Monies, Bills, Effects and Property hereby vested in the said Commissioners, shall be made as herein after mentioned, the Person, Body Politic or Corporate holding any such Duplicate Certificate, shall be entitled to receive of and from the said Commissioners a just and rateable Proportion, by way of Dividend or Share, of the said Trust Fund, according to the Amount expressed in every such Certificate as aforesaid, when compared with the total Amount expressed in all the Certificates to be granted under this piefent Clause or Provision. X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases Glairoants under where any Claim shall be made by or on Behalf of any Person being rimttd^to under any Disability of Infancy or Coverture, or who shall be an Idiot TfuiUes. or non comP°* mentis, or shall be in Parts beyond the Seas, or where the Monies which would be receivable under any Claim shall be subject to any Trust, Contingency or Limitation whatsoever, which may render it impracticable or inconvenient to procure an effectual and available Release or Discharge for the same, and generally in all cases where it shall, in the Judgment of the said Referees, be ins-practicable or inconvenient to procure an effectual or available Discharge for the same, it shall be lawful for the said Referees, and they are hereby required, in every such case, to give or grant the Certificate and Duplicate Certificate of every such Claim as aforesaid^ when the same shall have been substantiated in manner aforesaid, to and in the Name or Names of One or jqore Trustee or Troftcqs for the

On receiving Certificated within Fourteen Days from Receipt, to lodge one Part with Commissioners. When Dividend made, holder of Duplicate entitled to receive f-me.

Certificates of

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

C.cx. U29

e Person or Persons entitled thereto, such Trustee or Trustees to approved by the said Referees; and every such Certificate to b« anted as last aforesaid, shall be of the like Force and Effect for \ scharging the said Commissioners, and for all other the Purposes of is A&r, as the Certificates to be granted under the Clause or rovihon la illy hereinbefore contained.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Referees sutho-ie Referees for the time being, as often as they shall think proper, y Writing to be signed by them, to require the said Commissioners to on"

ake out and deliver to them the said Referees upon Oath (which Comnissioners >ath the said Referees are hereby authorized and empowered to ad- lor an Account liuifter), a Statement or Account of all Monies and Sums of Money, on Oath of ills, Effects and Property received or possessed by them the said Com- ndtCerti£H*e<, t ii(Iioner8, or any or either of them respectively, or any Person or 1^/. 01181

'ersons by their Order or for their Use, or by the Order or for the Jfe of any or either of them respectively under or by virtue of this or otherwise, in respect of the said Trust Property and of their )ifposition and Application thereof, and of the Cods, Charges and Expences, Payments, Disbursements and Sums of Money claimed by hem and each of them respectively, to be allowed to them as such Commissioners out of the said Trust Funds, and also a List or State-nent of all the Certificates lodged as hereinbefore directed, and the Drders for Reservations to be deposited with the said Commissioners inder the Provision herein after contained, up to the Day of the Date of such Notice, or any other Day therein to be mentioned, in order to hew the Amount of the said Trust Funds then in the Hands of the aid Commissioners, and of the several Claims thereon; and thereupon tnd thereupon t shall and may be lawful for the said Referees for the time being, by Referees toor-»n Order or Warrant in Writing to be signed by them or any Three der what Divi* nr more of them, directed and delivered to the said Commissioners, Or <le"d ^all be left at their respective Offices or Dwelling Houses, to order and ma"e* direct the said Commissioners, within a time to be therein mentioned, to pay and divide unto each of the Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall have deposited with the said Commissioners, on or before a certain Day in the said Order or Warrant to be mentioned, the Certificate or Acknowledgment of the Amount of his, her or their Claim in manner hereinbefore directed, such a Dividend or Share of the said Trust Fund, in proportion to the several and respective Claims allowed, as they the said Referees shall think proper; and such Order pro4u^jon^or Warrant in Writing, and the respective Certificate or Certificates Certificate and which shall have been so<lepofited with the said Commissioners as afore- Receipt of Per-said, on or before the Day mentioned in the said Order or Warrant, ton holding it, shall be a sufficient Authority for the said Commissioners to pay tp suffic, ent every Person, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any such Certificate shall have been granted as aforesaid, either in his or their own Right, or as such Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, and to his or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, the respective Dividends or Dividend payable in respect thereof; and the respective Receipts or Receipt of every such Person, Body Politic or Corporate, their or his Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, or of fotne Officer or Agent of such Body Politic or Corporate, together with such respective Certificates or Certificate, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners for the respective Sums or $um of Money paid by them or him in obedience, tq such Order oj* Warrant,

C.ct»

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Parties not attending and fob-AantiatiagClaWna within Twenty eight Days after Notice, excluded from next Dividend.

If more than One Dividend, such Party paid further Dividends.

Dividends of Parties not substantiating Claims previous to First Dividend, reserved>y ct/ttinuf-

and in such respective Receipts or Receipt acknowledged to have been received, without any Liability in the said Commissioners to enquire into or to be accountable for the Application, Non-application for Misapplication of the Monies to be paid to any such Trustee or Trustees.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Claimant on the said Monies, Effects and Property vetted in the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and the Executors, Administrator* or Assigns of every such Claimant, who shall not after being the reunto required by the Referees for the time being, or their Agent, by a Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Referees for the time being, or their Agent, and delivered to the same Claimant, or his or her Executors or Administrators, or left at his, her or their Dwelling House, Office or Counting House, Twenty eight Days $t lead before the time of Meeting therein to be mentioned, or by a Notice by or on Behalf of the said Referees or their Agent, to be inserted in the London Gazette on a Day at least Twenty eight Days before the time of such Meeting, and specifying the Day, Hour and Place of such Meeting, attend either in Person or by forae Agent, before the said Referees for the time being, at the Time and Place of Meeting therein to be mentioned, and appointed, and then and there either lubftantiate his, her or their Claims upon the said Trust Fund, to the Satisfaction of the said Referees, or shew some good Cause to the said Referees for the Default in not substantiating the same, or for not attending, shall (unless the contrary shall be expressly directed by the said Referees for the time being) be excluded from the Benefit of the Dividend or Distribution which shall be made of the said Trust Fund next after such Meeting; and the same Dividend or Distribution may be made, without Reference to a Consideration of the Claim of every such Party, his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns; but if there shall be more than One Dividend or Distribution of the said Trust Fund, and any Claimant, his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall be excluded from the Benefit of any preceding Dividend or Dividends in manner lastly hereinbefore mentioned, he, she or they, notwithstanding such Exclusion, shall at the then next Dividend which shall be ordered after he, she or they shall have respectively obtained and deposited with the said Commissioners such Certificate as aforesaid, and before any further Dividend or Distribution of the said Trust Fund, be entitled to receive the Amount of the former Dividends or Dividend, in proportion to their respective Claims to be allowed as aforesaid, so as to bring them up hart pajfu, and place them in an equal Situation in all respects with the Persons who shall have received such former Dividends, in the same manner as near as may be as if they had substantiated the same Claims previous to the first. or other subsequent Dividend, except and unless the said Referees for the time being, or some Three or more of them, shall by Writing under their Hands otherwise order and direct, and they are hereby empowered to order the contrary.

All I. And be it further enacted, That as often as it shall happen that any Claim upon the said Trust Fund shall not, previous to any Dividend or Distribution thereof, be substantiated to the Satisfaction of the said Referees, it shall be lawful for the said Referees, if they shall think proper, by Writing under their Hands, to be deposited with the Commissioners for the time being, in such manner as hereinbefore

before directed touching the Certificates of Claims allowed, to autho- (loners, if Resize and direct the said Commissioners to reserve out of the Trull fcrCMt-Fund, at the then next and every subsequent Dividend, a sufficient Sum to answer and pay the Dividend upon such Claim, when the same shall be substantiatea as aforesaid; and the said Referees shall and may afterwards, upon such Claim being substantiated as aforesaid, give such Certificate and Acknowledgment as aforesaid to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate by whom such Claim shall be made as aforesaid, and he and they respectively shall by virtue of such Certificate be entitled to receive the Amount of the Dividends due to him, her or thetn thereon, out of the Monies so reserved, or fif the fakne shall be inefficient) at the then next Distribution which shall be ordered of the said Tfuft Fund after such Certificate shall have been deposited with the said Commissioners.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it Referee* may shall and may be lawful for the said Referees, by Writing under their order such Re-Hands to be delivered to every Party for whom any such Reservation 10

shall have been made as aforesaid, or to his, her or their Executors or Administrators, or to be lefl at the Dwelling House, Counting House, or Office of each and every such Party, Fourteen Days at lead before the time of Meeting therein to be mentioned, to call upon every such Party, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, to attend either personally, or by his, her or their Agent or Agents before the said Keferees, at the Time and Place of Meeting therein mentioned and appointed, and then and there fdbllantiate his, her or their Claim or respective Claims; and in Default thereof, then it shall or may be lawful for the said Referees, Unless they shall see good Cause to the contrary, by Order or Warrant under their Hands, to direct that the Dividends or Share of the said Tmft Fund which shall have been refarved to answer the unsubstantiated Claim or Claims of every such Party as aforesaid, shall be thrown into and become Part of the general Trust Funds, and be divided between and among the Parties substantiating their Claims, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person No Demand#

Or Pfcrfons, Body Or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall have or be made, except Entitled to any Share, Right, Interest, Claim or Demand whatsoever, upon Cctt&ate* of, in, or to the Monies, Bills, Property and Effects hereby veiled in

the said Commissioners, except such Claims as shall be so substantiated and allowed, and for which such Certificates shall be given as aforesaid; and that no Certificate or Certificates shall be given or granted, allowing any Claim or Claims, unless such Claim or Claims shall have been submitted for the Consideration of the said Referees on or before the Thirteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Referees tohiva for the said Referees for the time being, if to them it shall appear ne- Power to em-cbssary, in investigating the Claims and ascertaining the Amount of PloI A*enl, # the Shares and Interests of any of the said several Claimants, by

Writing under their Hands and Seals to authorize and appoint any Pfcrftm or Persons to act as their Agent or Agents, in Sweden or elsewhere, for obtaining Evidence and Information relative thereto, and to allow to such Agent or Agents all Expences incurred in the Prtmises, and such Salary, Commission or Remuneration for their Trouble, as to the said Referees shall seem proper.

Referee*, their Agents, Courts and Magistrates an-thomed to administer Oath* to Parties and Witnesses.

Perjury.

Referees authorized to compel Attendance of Witnesse* and Production of Papers.

[Penalty.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and m3y be lawful for the Referees for the time being, and also such Agent or Agents as they shall authorize and appoint as aforesaid, and they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to examine viva voce$ or upon written Interrogatories, upon Oath (which Oath they or any One of them are and is hereby authorized to administer), all Persons, whether Parties or Witnesses, touching any Matter whatsoever referred to the said Referees by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and that it shall be lawful to and for the said Referees for the time being or any one of them, and for such Agent or Agents as aforesaid, for all Courts, Judges, Masters in Chancery, Magistrates, Justices of the Peace, and for all Matters Extraordinary in Chancery, and all Commissioners and Persons who are or shall be authorized by any Court of Record to take Affidavits, to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons making any Affidavit or Deposition in Writing touching any Matter referred to the said Referees, or relating to the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby vetted in them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath before the Referees for the time being under this Act, or their Agent or Agents as aforesaid, or in any such Affidavit or Deposition so to be sworn before the said Referees, or any one of them, or any Agent or Agents to be appointed by them as aforesaid, or before any such Court, Judge, Matter in Chancery, Magistrate, Justice of the Peace, Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, Commissioner, or Person so authorized to administer an Oath as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall wilfully or corruptly make any false Answer, Statement or Deposition, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now io force Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Referees for the time being, if they shall see fit, either of their own Motion or at the Instance of any Person or Persons having or claiming any Interest, to support or oppose any Claim or Demand, or otherwise, in any Matter hereby referred to the said Referees, to issue their Precept or Precepts under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them, summoning any Person or Persons whomsoever to attend them, or any Three or more of them, to declare the Truth touching the Matters referred to the said Referees, or to bring or produce any Book, Deed, Paper, Account or Writing, or any Books, Deeds, Papers, Accounts or Writings relating to any such Matters, or as shall be necessary for executing the Powers and Authorities hereby reposed in the said Referees; all which Persons so summoned are hereby required and directed, upon reasonable Notice of any such Precept, punctually to attend the said Referees, at such Time and Times, Place and Places, as shall be by them or any Three or more of them appointed, under the Penalty for every Omission or Default the Sum of Fifty Pounds; which Penalty shall and may, in all cases where the Precept requiring the Attendance of the Person or Persons making such Default as aforesaid, shall have been issued by the said Referees for their own Motion, be recovered by the said Commissioners for the time being, and shall and may, in

C. cx.

*33

A.D. 1813. 53= GEO. III.

all cases where the same shall have been issued by the said Referees at the Instance of any other Person or Persons, be recovered by and to the proper Use of the Person or Persons at whose In fiance the same (haQ have been issued; and all such Penalties shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners or other Person* entitled to recover the same a* aforesaid, by any Action of Debt, Bill or Plaint, in any of His Majesty's Court* of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law, and not more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and all Penalties to be recovered by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, shall be added to and be applied for the same Purposes as the other Monies hereby vested in the said Commissioners.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Back, or in Precepts or at the Foot of every Precept to be issued for the Attendance of endorsed, any Witness, or the Production of any Document, shall be written

a Memorandum, specifying whether the same is issued on the proper Motion of the Referees, or at whose Iuftance the same is issued,

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Witnesses'Ex-Persons whomsoever shall be compelled or compellable to appear pence* provided before the said Referees for the time being, or to bring or produce for-

before them any Books, Deeds, Papers, Accounts or Writings, unless at the time of Service of the Precept for such Attendance or Production, or at a reasonable time before the Day appointed for such Attendance or Production, the probable Amount of the Costs and Charges of the Person or Persons summoned, and a reasonable Compensation for hi*, i.er or their Lof* of Time to be occasioned by such Attendance or Production, shall be tendered to him, her or them; and every Person who shall attend the said Referees, or produce any Document* in pursuance of any Precept, shall be entitled to be rc-imbursed and paid by the Person or Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate at whole Instance such Precept shall have issued, his or her reasonable Cod* and Charges, and a reasonable Compensation for his or her Loss of Time; and in case any such Precept shall have issued on the proper Motion of the said Referees, such Cods, Charges and Expences shall be paid by the said Commissioners, as Part of the said Expences incidental to the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in the said Referees; and the Amount of such Costs,

Charges and Compensation, shall in that case be settled and ascertained by the said Referees, who shall immediately thereupon make and sign an Order to the said Commissioners for Payment thereof $ and all Persons entitled to any such Re-imbursement or Corapenfa-tion from the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, at whose Instance any such Precept as aforesaid shall have issued, shall be entitled to recover the same by Action at Law against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, liable to the Payment thereof, or his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, together with full Costs of Suit; and the said Referees are hereby authorized and required, at the Request of any Person or Persons entitled to any such Reimbursement or Payment as last aforesaid, to settle and adjust the Amount thereof, and to make an Order, to be ligned by the said Referees or any Three of them, fixing a time and Place, to the Person or Per-fotti, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, liable to the Payment thereof, to pay and discharge the same; and in such case the Person 53 Geo. III. 3 H or

or Persons entitled thereto, or his, her or their Executors or Administrators, shall be at liberty to make his, her or their Election to accept thereof, or to proceed generally for the Recovery of his, her or their reasonable Costs and Charges, and a reasonable Compensation for his, her or their Loss of time; and in case of the Election of any Person or Persons to accept of the Sum or Sums so to be ordered to be paid, if the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, liable to the Payment thereof, shall make Default in such Payment pursuant to such Order, then the Person or Persons entitled thereto shall recover the Specific Sum or Sums so ordered to be paid, together with Double Costs of Suit.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in ascertaining all such Claims as aforesaid, the said Referees shall not be bound by the Invoice Prices of the Goods shipped, or the Costs or Charges of Insurance, by any of the said Claimants respectively, or those under whom they claim, but shall be at full Liberty to estimate their respective Claims upon and Title to Compensation out of the Trust Fund, on such fair and equitable Principles as between the several Claimants may in the Judgment of the said Referees appear to be most proper.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Awards, Decisions, Judgments and Directions in Writing of the said Referees for the time being, or any Three or more of them, touching all Matters hereby referred to them, shall be final and conclusive on all Persons whomsoever; and that in case the said Referees for the time being shall differ in Opinion touching any of the Matters hereby referred to them, so that neither they or any Three of them can agree respect-

agree referred to ing the same, it shall and may be lawful for the said Referees, or the

[Double Costs.]

Referees to make Compensation on equitable Principles.

Decisions of Referees conclusive.

If Three cannot

Umpire.

Commissioners empowered to lay out Monies, &c. for safe Custody

Mid to (land poITeflcil thereof upon Trust, for Payment of Expences, &c.

major Part of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to refer such Matter or Matters to the Umpirage or Arbitration of any Person to be chosen as an Umpire by them the said Referees, or the major Part of them; and the Decision of such Umpire shall be final and conclusive.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and their Successors shall stand and be possessed of the Monies, Bills, Effects and Property hereby vested in them, upon the Trustg and to and for the Intents and Purposes herein after mentioned; that is to say, Upon Trust from time to time at their Discretion, to fell and convert into Money such Part or Parts thereof as shall not consist of Monies, in such manner as to the said Commissioners shall seem most advisable, and to lay out and invest the Proceeds and Produce thereof, and all Monies received as aforesaid, and all Dividends and Intereli thereon, and on the Securities, Stocks or Funds wherein the same shall be in veiled pursuant to this prefen t Clause or Provision in or upon, Government Securities, or some of the Public Stocks or Funds, and deposit such Parts as shall not consist of Monies, in the mean time and until the same shall be sold and converted as aforesaid, with such Persons and in such Places for safe Custody thereof, and from time to time to alter, vary and change the Custody in which, or the Securities, Stocks or Funds on or in which the same shall be placed, for other Securities, Stocks or Funds of the like Nature, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, and from time to time, until such Inveilments as aforesaid shall be made, to pay all such Monies, Dividends and Interest as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, to be 14 placed

A.D. 1813. C.cx. 835

placed to the Credit of The Account of the Swedish Compensation Commissioner*, " a; d which Monies shall from time to time be drawn and taken from and out of the Bank for the Purpose of inverting such Grant!, Securities, Stocks or Funds as aforesaid, or other the Purpose t of this Act, by the Draft or Order of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them; which Drafts or Orders are hereby declared to be sufficient Warrants and Authorities for the said Bank of England and the Officers thereof, for Payment of the Monies therein respectively to be specified, and do and shall stand and be pofitlTcd of the lame Monies, and of the Funds and Securities whereon the same shall be inverted. Upon Trust, in the firffc Place to pay all the Cods, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and in the next Place to pay or allow to the said John Atkins the elder, George Wood, Thomas Wil/ont Thomas Rowcroft, John Anthony Rucker and Philip Frederick Jiehrends, being the several Persons appointed as such Committee as aforesaid, all their respective Costs and Dif-barfements as such Committee, and also a Commission at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount of all the Monies and Effects hereby verted in the said Commissioners as a Compensation and Remuneration for their Labour, Care and Trouble as such Committee, such Commission to be payable from time to time, at such times and by such Proportions as the said Referees shall direct; and in the next Place to defray all the Costs, Charges and Expence3 attending the Execution of the Trusts, Powers and Authorities hereby reposed in them the said Commissioners and Referees respectively, and a reasonable Compensation or Remuneration to the said Commissioners, such Costs, Charges and Expences, Commission and Compensation, to be determined and ascertained by the said Referees, and to be paid at such times and by such Proportions as they shall direct; and also to pay to the Referees for the time being, and their Umpire to be appointed under this Act, their respective Executors or Administnuors, their and his respective Costs, Charges and Expences of the said Reference or Umpirage respectively, and also to pay to the Referees for the time being a Commission after the Rate of Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum on the Amount of all the Monies and Effects hereby vetted in the said Commissioners, such Commission to be paid and payable at such times and by such Proportions, and to be settled and apportioned as between the Representatives of deceased Referees and Persons declining or becoming incapable to act as Referees, or going to retide beyond the Seas, and Persons continuing to be Referees, and also new Referees from time to time appointed as aforesaid, as the Referees for the time being shall think proper and direct as a Compensation or Remuneration for their or his Trouble and Service in respect of such References respectively, and also to allow to such Umpire such Remuneration or Compensation as to the said Referees shall feera just and reasonable; and in the next Place, when and as the Commissioners for the time being shall be thereunto required by the said Referees for the time being in manner hereinbefore mentioned, to pay and divide unto and amongst all the Persons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate, whose respective Claims by the respective Certificates so to be obtained and deposited with the said Commissioners as aforesaid shall appear to be substantiated, and their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, such Dividends or

3 H 2 Shares

G.cx.

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

And stand possessed of Residue, ful>je& to Order of Referee*.

Interest deemed Part of Principal.

Referees not accountable for Acts done under Authority of

aa.

Commissioners and Referees not answerable for each other'* Acts, &c.

To employ Clerks, See.

To insure.

Shares of the said Trust Funds, in Proportion to the Amount of their respective Claims so substantiated, as by such Warrant or Order as hereinbefore mentioned the said Referees shall direct, order and appoint, and to reserve and retain a sufficient Sum of Money out of the said Trust Fund to answer and pay the Amount of the said Dividends upon such of the said Claims as shall not be substantiated, and in respect of which such Reservations shall be ordered as aforesaid, and to answer and pay the same Claims when they shall be so substantiated; or in case the said Claims should be afterwards abandoned or disallowed as hereiqbefore mentioned, then to stand and be possessed of the Monies referred for answering and paying the same, together with and upon the same Trusts as the Residue of the said Trust Funds which shall remain in the Hands of the said Commissioners; that is to say, that the said Commissioners shall stand and be possessed of all such Residue upon Trust for all the Parties interested under this Act, and subject to the further Order and Direction of the Referees for the time being, and to be divided or otherwise disposed of as they the said Referees for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall thereafter direct or appoint, under or by virtue of and confidently with the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That for all the Purposes of this Act, any Interest, Dividends or Profits which shall be made by the said Trust Monies, shall be invested, and be deemed as Part of the Principal Monies, and shall be applicable and applied accordingly.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Referees for the time being, or any or either of them, or any Umpire to be appointed under this Act, shall not be accountable or responsible for any Ad, Matter, Deed or Thing done by them or any or either of them Iona Jide in or about the Matters hereby referred to him or them; nor shall any or either of such Referees or Umpire be in any manner accountable or responsible for the Acts or Deeds or Ad or Deed of the others or other of them.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the time being, and the Heirs, Executors and Administrators of them, each and every of them respectively, shall be charged and chargeable only for so much Monies as the same Commissioners respectively shall actually receive by virtue of the Trusts hereby reposed in him and them, and that no one or more of them shall be answerable or accountable for the other or others of them, or any or either of them for the Acts, Receipts, Negleds or Defaults of the other or others of them, but each and every of them only and respectively for his own Acts, Receipts, Negleds or Defaults respectively, as shall arise from his own Neglect or Default; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the time being, and also for the said Referees for the time being, to retain, hire and employ any Clerk and Clerks, Book Keeper and Book Keepers, Agent and Agents, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to be employed in and about the Execution of the Trusts, Powers and Authorities hereby reposed in them respectively, at such Salary or Wages as the said Commissioners or Referees for the time being respectively shall think proper, and also to dismiss any such Clerks, Book Keepers, Agents or other Persons, when and as it shall seem expedient to them the said Commissioners or Referees respectively; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioner*

C. cx.

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

*37

fioom to make or effect, or cause to be made or effected upon the said Trust Property, or any Part or Parts thereof, such Insurance or

Insurancet agmroft Loss or Damage by Fire, Perils of the Seas, or

+other Perils or Casualties whatsoever, as to the Commissioners for the time being shall seem expedient, and in all respects to manage such Trust Property in such manner as to them shall seem most expedient

for the Interest of all the Parties concerned; and also that it shall Toadj ift all

and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the time being to Claims, &c.

adjjust, settle, refer to Arbitration, compromise or compound all

+Accounts, Reckonings, Claims, Demands, Differences, Actions and Suits, Transactions, Matters and Things touching the said Trust Property, or the Execution of the Trusts hereby reposed in them, or any wise relating to the Matters and Things herein contained

between them the said Commissioners, or any other Persons or Person whose respective Claims and Interests are not hereby referred

to the Referees hereby appointed or between the said John Atkins

the younger, and Isaac Aldebert, or either of them, their or either

of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, and any such Persons or Person as last aforesaid, as to the said Commissioners for the time being shall in their Discretion seem expedient 5 and also out of the Commissioners,

laid Trust Funds to indemnify the said John Atkins the elder, Thomas kc* indemnified,

Wilson % George Wood, Thomas Rower oft, John] Anthony Rucker and

Philip Frederick Behrendr, and also the said John Atkins the younger,

and Isaac Aldebert respectively, and their and every of their Heirs,

Executors and Administrators, from all Demands, Claims, Suits and Actions to be made and prosecuted against them, or any of them, by any Persons or Person whose respective Claims, Demands or Interests are not referred to the said Referees hereby appointed, for or in respect of any Matter or Thing relating to the said Power of Attorney, or their or any of their naving joined in granting or having acted under the same, or for or by reason or means of any other Act,

Matter or Thing whatsoever, by them or any of them done in relation to any of the Matters and Things mentioned in this Act at any time heretofore.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as Accounts of any Commissioner shall depart this Life, or be desirous of being dif* Commissioners charged of and from the aforesaid Trusts, or shall go to reside beyond d*xn*orf ct^t the Seas, or shall refuse or become incapable, or decline to ad in the 10 felt* said Trusts, then and in every such case the Referees for the time being shall settle, adjust and allow the Accounts of each such Commissioner so dying, or desirous of being discharged, or going to reside beyond the Seas, or refusing or becoming incapable or declining to ad; and also that the then remaining or continuing or other Commissioners shall be competent to receive and give Discharges for the Monies which shall appear to be the Balance of the same Account, without any Responsibility in the Person or Persons paying the same Money to fee to the Application thereof, or to be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication of the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commission.&c. lawful for the Commissioners or Commissioner for the time being to Referees.

to retain to and to take, and also to allow to the Referees for the time being, and to any Umpire to be appointed under this Act, for his and their Services in carrying this Act and the Trusts and

C.cx.

s$

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Counterfeiting Certificates, &c.

Transportation.

Affirmation of Quakers received.

Purposes thereof into Execution, and to the said Isaac AlAebert and John Atkins the younger, for their Services rendered and hereafter to be rendered as Attornies or Agents as aforesaid, and to the said John Atkins the elder, Thomas Wilson, George Wood, Thomas Ro<w croft, John Anthony Rucker and Philip Frederick Bthreads, for their Services as such Committee and otherwise as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Commission or otherwise, as shall be fixed and ascertained in manner hereinbefore respectively mentioned.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall forge or counterfeit or alter with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited or altered, with such Intent as aforesaid, or knowingly and wilfully aid or assist in the forging or counterfeiting or altering, with such Intent as aforesaid, any Certificate or Certificates of any Claim or Claims under this Act, or the Receipt for any Dividend or Dividends thereon, or any Certificate, Warrant or Order for Payment of any such Dividend, or any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instrument for making, transferring or assigning any such Claim or Claims, or for receiving any such Dividend or Dividends as aforesaid, or any Attestation to any such Letter of Attorney or other Authority or Instrument; or shall forge or counterfeit or alter, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or procure to be forged or counterfeited or altered, with such Intent as aforesaid or Knowingly and wilfully aid or assist in the forging or counterfeiting or altering, with such Intent as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Claim or any Part thereof, or of any Persons entitled thereto or to any Part thereof, in or to any such pretended Letter of Attorney, Instrument or Authority, or the Name of any Person or Persons to any Attestation to any Letter of Attorney, Instrument or Authority, real or pretended, for any of the Purposes aforesaid; or shall utter as true any such Transfer, Receipt, Certificate, Letter of Attorney or other Instrument, knowing the same, or the Attestation thereto, to be forged 5 or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand or endeavour to have any such Claim or any Part thereof allowed, transferred, assigned, fold or conveyed, or such Dividend or any Part thereof to be received by virtue of any such counterfeit or forged Letter of Attorney, Certificate or Instrument; or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor of any of the said Claims or any Part thereof, and thereby procure or endeavour to procure such Claim to be allowed, and such Certificate to be granted as aforesaid, or thereby receive or endeavour to receive the Money of such true and lawful Owner thereof 5 then and in evary or any such case, all and every such Person and Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for Seven Years, or shall be adjudged to suffer such lesser Punishment as the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried shall think fit to award.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That a solemn Affirmation or Affirmations shall and may be administered to any Person or Persons who shall be of the People commonly called Quakers, in all cases whatsoever where an Oatn or Oaths might by virtue of this Act be administered to any other Person or Persons; and that every such

Affinnation

C. cx — cxiv.

839

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

Affirmation shall have the same Force and Effect whatsoever, and all Clause8, Provisions, Matter! and Things in this Act contained relative to the taking of Oaths, and to the giving of false Evidence, and making any false Answer, Statement or DepoGtion in any Affidavit or DepoGtion to be sworn, shall extend and be applicable to all such Affirmations, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it any Action or^Suit Limitation of shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done Actions.

in pursuance of any of the Provisions hereinbefore contained, such

Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months

next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and shall be

laid in the County of Middlesex or City of London, and not else-

where; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or

[General Issue.]

Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special

Matters in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or Suit shall discontinue or

become nonsuit, or Judgment shall be given against him, her or'

them therein, the Defendant or Defendants shall have his, her or their Costs, with the like remedy for Recovery thereof, as in cases CoRs.

where by Law Costs are given to the Defendant.

XXXIII. Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, General Saving, his Heirs and Successors, all such Claims, Rights and Interests in

or relating to the Premises, as His Majesty hath at the time of passing this Act or as He, his Heirs or Successors, could or might nave or enjoy in case this Act had not been passed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be Public Act deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others without being specially pleaded.

Cap. cxi.

An Act for the more equal Assessment of Money presented to be raised by the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Cork; and for a new Valuation of the said City and Survey of the Liberties thereof; and for other Purposes relative to Grand Juries.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; 14G.3.c 29. and for the Enlargement of the Burial Grounds in the Parish 15 G. 3. c. 35. of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and repealed, for other Purposes relating to the said Parish.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor; aid x6 G. 2. c. 28. for making a more adequate Provision for the Rector, of the 24 G. 2. c. a6. Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal dreen, in the County of 3 G. 3. c. 40. Middlesex; and for more effectually lighting, watching, cleanGng3 G* 3-c-53* and improving the Streets and other public Places of and within the said Parish.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for erecting a Church in the Township of Everton, in the Parish of Walton on the Hill, in the County of Lancaster.

[3d June 1813.]

3 H 4 Cap.

Cap. cxv.

An Act for establishing and regulating the Market, and for enlarging and improving the Market Place at Hanley, in the County of Stafford.

[3d June 1813.]

52 G. 3. c.i6a repealed as to Parities of Saint George the Martyr, in Southwark, and Saint Bride, in the City of London and King's Bench, Marshalsea, and Fleet Prifoiis.

34 G. 3. c. 90. 36 G. 3. c. 44. 00 G. 3. c. xviii. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) xxiii.

45 G. 3. c. lxx. 49 G. 3. c.cxxxviiL

35 G. 3.. 5

3*G.3. c.xia

5*3. c.xxxvi. 50 ^.3* cclxv.

Cap. cxvi.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to order Parochial Relief to Prisoners confined under Mesne Process for Debt, in such Gaols as are not County Gaolst so far as regards the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of South-5warky in the County of Surry and the Parish of Saint Bridget otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol for the County and City of Perth; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for paving and improving the Town of Warrington, in the County of Lancaster; and for building a New Bridewell in the said Town.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act to enable the Kennet and Avon Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money to purchase the Shares of the River Kennet Navigation (a), and to amend the several Acts passed for making the said Canal.

[3d June 1813.]

[132, 000l.]

(a) [1 G. 1. Stat.2. c. 24; PR. — 7 G. 1. Stat. 1. r.8. — 3G.2.

3S-]

Cap. cxx.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or IJis$ near Abingdon in the County of Beris9 to join the Kennet and Avon Canal, near Trowbridge in the County of Wilts; and certain Navigable Cuts.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining and inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Abergele, Saint Asaph, Rhydlan, Diferth and Meliden, and the Franchise of Rhyalan, io the Counties of Denbigh and Flint.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxxii.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap.

A.D. 1813.

53° GEO. III.

C.CXXHi — cxxx*

841

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of His 34 G. 3. (I.) present Majesty for building a Bridge over the River Slaney at

Wexford.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Slaney, at c*2 Ferry Carrig, in the County of Wexford.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for further improving the Communication between the 3a G. 3. c 93. County of Edinburgh and the County of Fifet by the Ferries cross iep ld «to the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, in the County Mar'/*Secnt of of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntisland in the County of R^an^Duttes Fife, (b) [3d June 1813.] md Building or repairing lauding

Cap. cxxvi. Places.

An Act for providing a Fund for Annuities for Widows of Members of the Incorporation of Bakers of the City of Edinburgh.

[3d June 1813.]

[Scheme to be known by the Name of "The Widows, Fund for the Incorporation of Bakers within the City of Edinburgh."]

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, for the better 30 G. 3. c.ax. Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford> in the County of Suffolk.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His I3 G. 3. c.ioi. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from CherrilU through 3*0.3. c. 114. Caine, to Studley Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts, (c) [3d June 1813.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed\ new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts, for repairing the ao G Road from the City! of Durham to Tyne Bridge in the County6 g. \\ I of Durham, (a) [3d June 1813.] l3 G. 3. ^99!

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. cxxx.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Ninth and9Q. 3> c# Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road 30G.3.C g& from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called the Two Mile Stonet where the Norwich Road

joins the Caifler Causeway, Two Miles and a Half ftiort of the Town of Great Tarmouth. (c) [3d June 1813.]

[Additional Trustees.']

Cap.

L. CXIII--- CXXXV1.

53 ulu. ui.

A.1/.I015*

4*

10 G. 3. c. 70. 33 G-3- c. 164.

repealed.

19 G. a. c. 93. a8 G. 3. c. iia.

33 G. 3. c. 180.

34 G. 3. c. 124.

11 G. 3. c. 87. 3a G. 3. C. 160.

45 G. 3. C.XI.

47 G. 3. Self. x. c. xiii.

50G.3. c.dxxx'11.

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for amending the Road from Earl's Kill, in Warrington to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, in the County of Lancaster. (3)

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the Second, and an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham, and several other Road6 in the Counties of Denbigh, Chester and Flint, so far as relates to the Road in the County of Flint, called The Mold DiJlriEt. (b)

[3d June 1813.I

'[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Sunday Tolls.]

[See 25 G. 2. c. 22.]

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Neat Enstone and Chipping Norton Turnpike Road, through Bicester to Weston on the Green, io the County of Oxford, and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith, (r) [3d June 1813.]

[Additional Trustees Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and improving the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, to a Place called Edenfield, in the Parish of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, (b) [3d June 1813.]

[.Additional Trustees, Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shelton to Blakely Lane Head and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney, in the County of Stafford; and also for altering and repairing the Road from Addtrley Green to Lane End, in the same County, (a) [3d June 1813.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.']

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, towards the Expence of making and supporting certain Roads and Bridges therein; and of an Act passea in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, and Part of the County of Nairn, locally

situated

C. cxxxvi — cxliv.

«43

j, A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

situated in the County of Ross; and of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and enlarging, the Powers of the Two first mentioned Act*.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Maidenhead Bridge to Reacting, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge in the County of Berks y so

I far as relates to the Third DtjlriQ of the said Roads.

[3d June 1813.]

J [.Additional Tolls. Double Tolls on Sunday. For Term under former

Aa.]

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir Edward Lloyd Baronet, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and for layinff out the Mooey to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Efiftes, to be settled under the Direction of the Court of Chancery to the same Uses. (q.P.) [3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange of Lands belonging to the Bishoprick of Worcester for Lands belonging to the Dean and Chapter of Worcester, in the County of Worcester. (a. P.)

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxl.

An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Parts of the Estates devised 49G.3

by the Will of Henry Partridge Esquire, deceased; and for laying , c*l*x»iiw

out the Money arising by such Sales, together with the clear

Money produced by the Sale of certain other Parts of the said

Estates, directed to be sold by an Act passed in the Forty ninth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the Purchase of

other Estates, and for settling the same to the like Use*. (q. P.)

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxli.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Dundraw, in the County of Cumber-

land. (q P.) [3d June 1813.]

" Allotment* and Compensations for Tithes, §19, 20.

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of FeltwelU in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cltrowf in the County of Radnor, and extinguishing VicarialTithes in the said Parish. (q.P.)

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Turwfflon, in the County of Buckingham. (q.P*) [3d June 1813.]

II Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §18.

Cap.

46 g.

3. c.

<*lv.

*44

C.cxlv — cliv.

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

5* G. 3. c. 16.

PR.

Cap. cxlr.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of IVbit well, in the County of Derby. (q. P.) [3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Whitney9in the County of Hereford, (q. P.) [3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxlvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Stockton, in the County of York. (q. P.) [3d June X813.3

u Allotments and Compensation for Tithes, $ 28, 29, 30.

Cap. cxlviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Downton, in the County of Wilts, (q. P.) [3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Llandyrnog and Llangwyfan, in the County of Denbigh. (q. P.) [3d June 1813.]

Cap. cl.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cafcoby and Townships of Ednol and Kinnerton, in the County of Radnor. fq. P.)

[3d June 1813.]

u Allotment to His Majesty, §22.

Cap. cli.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Aughton in the Parish of Aughton9 in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (q. P.)

[3d June 1813.]

11 Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §27.

Cap. clii.

An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Milborne Port9 in the County of Somerset j and for transferring Borough Rights from certain Lands in the same Parish to other Lands therein, the better to effectuate such Inclosure. (q. P.) [3d June 1813.]

Cap. cliii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Kirkbur ton, in the County of York. (q. P.) [3d June 1813.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §23. No Lease of " Lands by Vicar of Kirkburton without the Consent of His Majesty t( and his Heirs, as Patrons of the Vicarage, §24.

Cap. cliv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Spalfordand Wigtlejy.

in the County of Nottingham, (q. P.) [3d June 1813.]

<c Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §19.

Cap.

A.D. 1813.

sr Geo. in.

C.dv — clxi.

Cap. civ.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the South 45 G. 3. c. exit London Water Works to raise a further Sum of Money*, and to alter and amend the Power* of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for making the said Water Works.

£l2d June 1813.]

[£ 80, 000]

Cap. clvi.

8 Ann

An Act to authorize the Advancement of a certain Sum of Money 3 g.°i! VoLiv

for carrying into Effed the several Ad* for the Improvement of p. 39a.

the Port and Town of Liverpool, and to amend the said Act*. 11 G. a. c. 3a.

[22d June 1813.]

[Lords of the Treasury may advance iC6o, oooo.]

Cap. dviL

An Act for further improving the Harbour of Aberdeen.

[2ad June 1813.] 37 G. 3. c.'ioi.

[For like Period as 50 G. 3 ] 5°G.3. c.lxx.

Cap. dviii.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Wexford. 34 G. 3. (I.)

[22d June 1813.]

[For Thirty one Tears, &c. Rates and Duties upon Ships and Vessels, Boats, Smacks, Cotsv Gabbards, Lighters and Wherries and upon Ballast, to cease and determine, and new Rates and Duties granted.]

39 G. 3-c.liz. 51 G. 3. C'Cxiiti.

13 G. 3. c. 29. G. 3. C. 4I.

Cap. clix.

An Act for inclosing, draining and exonerating from Tithes, Land* See 51 G. 3. in the Lordship of North Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln. c- cxxijL

[22d June 1813.]

t No Lease to be granted by the Rector of Saint Mary South €t Kelsey with Saint Nicholas South Kelsey without Consent of The <c King and Philip Shipworth Esquire, a* Patrons of the said u Rectory.

Cap. clx.

An Act for enlarging the Power* of Two Ad* of His present 36 G. 3. c. 99. Majesty, for embanking and draining certain Low Lands and 4iG.3.(U.K.) Grounds in the Parishe* or Townships of Everton, Scafiworth, c# cxxxru Gringley on the Hill, Miflerton and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham. Qazd June 1813.]

Cap. clxi.

An Act for the more effectually draining and improving Lands See 51G 3. within the Level of Hatjitld Chace, and Part* adjacent, in the c. xxx. Counties of Tort, Lincoln and Nottingham.

[22d June 1813.]

Cap.

846 C. clxii — clxviii. 533 GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Cap. cbtii.

An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates, in the Parish of Saint Giles Camierivcll, in the County of Surryt and regulating the Affairs thereof; for repairing or rebuilding the Parish Workhause, and purchasing Ground for a Cemetry; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxiii.

G. 3. c.: 3. An Act for altering and amending Two several Acts of the Thirty 46 G. 3. c. xc. fifth and Forty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving and improving the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, [22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxiv.

An Act for paving, widening, cleansing, watching, lighting and regulating the Streets and other Public Places within the Borough of Chepping Wycombe, in the County of Bucks, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

[22d June 1813 ]

7 G. 1. Suit. 1. c. 26.

8 G.2.C. 8.

29 G. 2. c. 88.

23 G. 3. c. no 48 G. 3. C. c.

Cap. clxvi.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Charles Knighlley Baronet, which were devised by the Will of Lucy Knightley Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold: and for laying out the Money arising the reby, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof and to the same Uses; and for other Purposes. (q. P.) [22d June 1813.]

Cap clxv.

An Act for altering and amending several Acts for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge; and for making a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Iflingtont to the Edgcware Road near Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, [22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxvii.

An Act for vesting certain detached settled Estates late of William Whittaker Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Monies thence arising, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.)

[22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxviii.

23 G. 2. c. 18. An Act for repealing so much of Two several Acts, passed in the

PR. Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King

32 G. 3. c. 39. George the Second, and the Thirty second Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, as are contrary to the Provision9 contained in

the Will of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, or the Settlement made on the Marriage of Charles Churchill Esquire with the Lady Maria Walpole, (q. P.).[22d June 1813.]

Cap.

A.D. 1813.

53° GEO. III

C. clxix — clxxvi.

847

Cap. clxix.

An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of James Harrison Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, or one of them, in Trustees, to be sold pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose. (q. P.)

[22d June 1813.]

Cap. cixx.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Thomas John Phillips, of Newport House in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold; and for investing the clear Monies thence anting, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. (q. P.) [22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxxi.

An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Edward William Ley borne Popham Esquire, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold; and for investing the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. (q. P.) [22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of East Bedfont with Hatton, in the Parish of East Bedfonty in the County of Middlesex. (q. P.) [22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Undermilbeckt in the Parishes of Windermere and Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland. (q. P.) [22d June 1813.]

w Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, j 24.

Cap. clxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Isleworth, Heston and Twickenham, in the Manor of Isleworth Syont in the County of Middlesex. (q.P.) [22d June 1813.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §29. Allotment to His Majesty, §45.

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Burghwallis, in the County of York, (q.P.) £a2d June 1813.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, {17.

Cap. clxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Caine, Caljlone Wellington and Blackland, in the County of Wilts. (q. P.)

[22d June 1813.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §26.

Cap.

47 O. 3. SeflC a. c. ci. in part repealed.

M

C. clxxvii — clxxxiv. 53° GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

Cap. clxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Crowle, Eastoft and Ealand, in the Parish of Crowle, in the County of Lincoln, and extending into the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.)

[22d June 1813.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §22. 24. 45.

4 Cap. clxxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Winterbourne Monckton9 in the County of Wilts. (q. P.) [22d June 1813.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, {22, 23. No Lease $t of Lands by Vicar of Winterbourne Monckton, without Consent of " His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as Patrons of the said u Vicarage.

Cap. clxxix.

An Act for securing to James Lee, and the Public, the Benefit of his Invention of certain new Methods of preparing Hemp and Flax, by enabling him to lodge the Specification under certain Restrictions.

[2d July 1813.]

Cap. clxxx.

An Act for erecting a new Gaol, House of Correction, and Penitentiary House, in the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester.

[2d July 1813.]

Cap. clxxxi.

aj C. 3. c. 38. An Act for altering and amending an Aftanade in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation.

[2d July 1813.]

Cap. clxxxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Wilts and Berks Canal, in the Parish of Swindon, in the County of Wilts, to communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal in the Parish of Latton, in the same County.

[2d July 1813.]

\The Company of Proprietors of the North Wilts Canal Navigation, incorporated.]

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Act for the Improvement of the Navigation of the Rivers Bury % Loughor and Lliedi, in the Counties of Carmarthan and Glamorgan.

[2d July 1813.]

Cap. clxxxiv.

An Act for altering, enlarging and extending the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River 7lames, at the Precinct of the Savoy, or near thereunto 5 and

making

C.clxxxiv.

A.D. 1813.

53° GEO. III.

8-ip*

making Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surry.

[2d July 1813.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty ninth Year of the 49 G. 3. c. 191.

their Successors were incorporated into a Company by the Name and Style of The Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge"

and were thereby empowered to build the said Bridge, and to make and maintain certain Roads therein described; and the said §a.

4 Company were thereby authorized to raise among themselves, for the Purposes of the said Act, in such Proportions as they should think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds; and in case the §6.

same should be found inefficient for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Company were also authorized to raise any further Sum of

Money not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, in manner

therein mentioned: And whereas the said Company have in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Act, inverted the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds in the Purchase of Reduced Bank An-

unities, in the Names of the Trustees therein mentioned, and have

proceeded in the Execution of the said Bridge: And whereas it

will be expedient that the Access or Avenue to the said Bridge,

from the Strand in the County of Middlesex, authorized to be made by the said Act, should be varied and altered, and that the said Access or Avenue should be made more convenient, and thae some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Act should be

amended, altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of trie Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall Company may and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to alter Access to vary and alter the Access or Approach to the North Foot of the Br, dSe and said Bridge from the Strand, in the said County of Middlesex, in>re"

manner described and delineated in the Map or Plan herein after mentioned; and also to take and purchase certain Premises mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, for the

Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act.

II. And whereas Maps or Plans, describing and delineating the intended Alterations in the said Access or Approach, and the

Premise6 mentioned and described in the said Schedule and

Books of Reference, containing a Lilt of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Premises to be taken and

used by virtue of this Act, have been deposited with the Clerks

of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex and Surry respectively

Be it therefore enacted, That the said Maps or Plans and Books Maps, See. r» of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerks of the regain m Peace, to the end that all Persons interested therein may, at all Custody of seasonable times, have Liberty to inspect ^nd peruse the same, Clerk of Peace, and take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure,

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Precinct of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore9 and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate

4

4

4

4

therewith, in the County of Surry, whereby certain Persons and $ i.

53 Geo. III.

31

paying

Fee.

Proviso far Mistakes in Books of Reference.

4*) C. 3. c.cxci. §58.

in part repealed.

Company re-drained to 70 Feet in Width for Road?, except in certain cases.

Power to raise00, 0001. additional.

Powei to raise Money by Mortgage.

paying to such Clerks of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and after the Rate of Six pence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Book of Reference.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to make and con-(Irudl the said Access or Approach, and may purchase and take Possession, for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act* of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed* notwithstanding the Name or Names of any Person or Persons shall, or may have been omitted or incorredlly mentioned or spelt in the said Schedule, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County in which such Premises are situate* and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error, Omission or incorredl Description proceeded from Mistake.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as provide* that it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to retain any Lands or Grounds to be taken for the Purposes of the said Act exceeding the Breadth of Twenty Yards, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to retain any Lands or Grounds for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, exceeding Seventy Feet in Breadth, except for making and constructing the Access and Approach to the said Bridge, and immediately contiguous to the North Abutment thereof, as laid down and delineated in the Map or Plan hereinbefore mentioned; and also except as to the several Places where the said Roads, by the said recited Act authorized to be made, shall join or unite with other Roads or Streets, or with each other.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, in case they or their Committee shall deem it meet and expedient, to raise any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, in Addition to the Sums authorized to be raised by the said recited Act, either among themselves the said Company, or by the Admission of new* Subscribers 5. and every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, subscribing towards raising such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by himself, herself or themselves, or his, her or their Proxy or Proxies, in respect of every Share of the said additional Sum hereby authorized to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeiture, and (land interested in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in Proportion to such Sum as he, she or they may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Proprietors of Shares in the present Capital Stock of the said Company.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee to raise all or any Part of the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, hereby authorized to be raised, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, in manner by the said recited Act provided in

respect

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III. C. clxxthr. $5t

*efpe& of the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds thereby authorized to be raised.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company Company en-or their Committee shall think it more adviseable and proper to raiseMed to wife the several Sums of Money authorized to be raised by the said Monfy liy recited Act and this Act or any Part or Parts thereof, by granting Annuities payable out of the Rates and Tolls and other Revenue,

then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to raise any such Sum, by the granting of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, to or for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance or pay into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Company, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable for any Term or Number of Years, or for or during the natural Life of any such Contributor, or such other Person as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor, at the time of Payment of his or her Contribution and Purchase Money, and either with or without Benefit of Survivorship; and the said Company are hereby authorized and empowered to grant all and every such Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased as aforesaid, out of the Rates and Tolls or other Revenue of the said Undertaking, to the Person or Persons who shall agree to purchase the same, or to his, her or their Trustee or Trustees.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Grant of every such Annuity as aforesaid shall be by Deed, under the Common Seal of the said Company, and may be according to the Form, or to the £ffe& following; that is to say,

TXfE, the Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge, in Form of Grant

Consideration of the Sum of of Annuity.

' to us paid by A.B. of # [or, if

intended to be granted with Benefit of Survivorship, by E. F.

4 G. ff. &c.] do hereby by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed iii the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

intituled [-here insert the Title of this Act'], grant unto the said A.B. and his [or, her] Assigns [or, if by Survivorship, unto the said E. F. G. H. &c. and to the Survivors and Survivor of them]

One Annuity or Yearly Sum of \o be issuing

out of all and Angular the Rates and Tolls arising by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled [set forth the Title of the said recited 4 AS], and also the said first mentioned Act, and of all other the Revenue of the said Company, To hold unto the said A.B. his

[or, her] Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the Term

4 of Years [or, as the case may be], To hold unto

the said A.B. and his [or, her] Assigns, during his [or, her]

natural Life, or To hold unto the said A.B. his [or, her] Exe-

cutors, Administrators or Assigns, for and during the natural Life of C» D. or, if by Survivorship, unto and amongst them the said E. F. G. H. &c. and the Survivors and Survivor of them] y 4 and such Annuity or Yearly Sum shall be paid and payable at

upon the Day of

yearly, and the First Payment thereof to be made on the

3 I 2*Day

o.cixxxm

53° uj&u. iu.

A.D. 1813.

Seal, thU

Day of

Given under our Common in the Year of our

Day of

Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And any such Grant shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without any Inrolment or Registry of the Memorial thereof in the High Court of Chancery or elsewhere, except as herein after mentioned; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all the Grantees of such Annuities shall be equally entitled one with another, and with the Persons to whom any Money shall be due on any Mortgage of the said Undertaking, to the Rates and Property thereby assigned in Proportion to the Interest of the Sum or Sums for which such Annuities shall have been granted, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Date of any such Mortgage or Grant of Annuity, or on any account whatsoever; and an Entry or Memorial of every such Grant of Annuity, containing the Date thereof, and an account of the Name or Names of the Party or Parties to whom the same shall have been made, with their respective proper Additions, and of the Consideration of such Grant, and of the Annuity granted, and the Duration thereof, shall within Twenty one Days next after the Date thereof be written and inserted in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the said Company; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Grant shall have been made, or who shall be entitled to the Annuity thereby Secured, may from time to time assign or transfer his, her or their Right and Title therein, to any Person or Persons, in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. of in Con-

4* sideration of the Sum of to

4 me paid by [Z). of ] do hereby transfer unto the said D. a certain Grant made by the Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge, bearing Date the Day of

4 of an Annuity of

payable [here insert the Duration of the Annuity ], and all

4 my Right, Title and Interest: in and to the said Annuity thereby Secured, To hold the same unto the said C.D. his [or, her] Executors, Administrators and Assigns. In Witness whereof I have hereunto Tet my Hand and Seal this Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And every such Transfer shall, within Twenty one Days after th* Date thereof, be produced and notified to the Clerk of the said Company, who shall thereupon cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the said Book, containing the Date and Names of th^ Parties, and the Annuities thereby transferred; for which Entry such Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence and no more; and after such Entry made every such Assignment shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Grant; and it shall not be in the Power of the Person or Persons who shall have made any such Transfer, at any time afterwards to make void* release or discharge the said Annuity, or any Part thereof; and the said

C. clxxxiv.

53° GEO. III.

said Annuities, so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be paid to the several Persons entitled thereto in Preference to any Interest or Dividends due and payable by virtue of the said recited A6fc-to the aid Company.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, in case they or their Committee, shall think it meet and expedient, to borrow the Whole of the Remainder of the Sums authorized to be raised in and by the said recited Act and this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon Promissory Notes under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, which Notes shall be made payable in such manner, and at such time or times, and with such legal Rate of Interest, as the said Committee shall think proper; and all such Notes shall be made either with or without a Power in the respective Holders thereof, to have an Option of becoming a Proprietor of One Share of One Hundred Pounds in the said Undertaking in lieu cf every One hundred Pounds of the Principal Money by such several Promissory Notes to be secured, or so much or such Part thereof as the said Committee for the time being, and the Person or Persons advancing such Money on the Security of the said Notes, shall jointly agree upon 5 which Principal Sums so borrowed, and the Interest thereof, shall be deemed a Lien upon the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said recited and this Act, and be paid and discharged in the like manner as Money raised on Mortgage under the said recited Act and the Interest thereof are directed by the said Act to be paid and discharged: Provided always, that no Person shall in any case be admitted to be a Proprietor of any Share in the said Undertaking in lieu of a less Principal Sum of Money than One hundred Pounds advanced on the Security of such Notes; and the Terms and Particulars upon which the respective Holders of such Notes shall be entitled to such Option of becoming a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, shall be fully expressed and set forth in the said several and respective Notes.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said Committee of the said Company of Proprietors shall deem it expedient, out of any Funds of the said Company or otherwise, to buy up any Shares which may be offered for Sale by any of the said Proprietors, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee, either to direct that any such Share so bought shall merge in the said Undertaking, or that the same shall be transferred to the Chief Clerk of the said Company, or such other Person or Persons they may appoint in Trust for the said Company, and such Shares may in such case at any time thereafter be sold for the Benefit of the said Company, and for the raising of any Sum of Money which may be wanted for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Act or this Act into Execution.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, possessed of any Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company, to accept and take any Number of such Shares as shall be sold at a less Sum than One Hundred Pounds fler Share, in Proportion to the Number of Original Shares holden by such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or

i I 3 Col-

*53

Power to wife Money on Promissory Notes.

Proviso

Money may be applied in buying up Shaiet.

Disposal of Shares.

*54

G\ clxxxiv.

53° GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

Power to fell

unappropriated Shares at such Price as Company may think proper.

Payment of I11-terest on Calls authorized#

49 G.3. ccxci.*Ji-

1

|6z#

Collegiate, as he, she or they shall think proper, within Twenty one Days after Notice shall have been given in any Two or more of the London Newspapers, or in such other manner as the said Committee shall think proper, of the Intention to dispose of such Shires in manner aforesaid; and in Default thereof, after the Expiration of the said time, any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, possessed of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, who shall make Application for any such Shares at the Place, and within the Period to be limited and appointed by the said Committee for that Purpose, shall be entitled to any Number of such Shares at such Rate or Value as shall be fixed by the said Committee pursuant to the Power hereinbefore given for that Purpose; and in case any such Share or Shares shall remain undisposed of after such Period, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee to sell or dispose of the lame to any Person or Persons whomsoever. Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, in such manner and at such price or Prices as they shall think proper and expedient.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee of the said Company to dispose of such of the Shares authorized to be created in and by the said recited Act as now remain unfold or unappropriated, and also the Shares authorized to be created by this Act, or such Part or Parts thereof as they may deem expedient, at and for such Price and Prices per Share, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Committee shall from time to time think proper.

XIV. And whereas the Committee of the said Company have, with the Approbation and Consent of the said Company, paid to

the several Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking Interest

after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the several Sums of Money which have been paid from time to time

upon their respective Shares by virtue of the Calls of the said Com.

mittee fer and towards the Execution of the said Undertaking; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee to continue the Payment of the said Interest by Half yearly Dividends as heretofore, and such Interest or Dividends heretofore paid shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Capital Stock of the said Company 5 and the said Interest or Dividends to be henceforth paid shall be paid out of the Capital Stock of the said Company; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 XV. And whereas by the said recited Act it was enacted, That

it should be lawful for the Principal, Fellows and Scholars of Jefut College, of Queen Elizabeth* Foundation, within the City and

University of Oxford, to contract for, sell and dispose of the whole of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land then in the Occupation of John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, and comprized in the

Schedule to the said Act annexed, and thereupon to grant, convey and assign the said Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Fee

Simple and Inheritance thereof, under their Common Seal, unto and to the Use of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and the said Company of Proprietors were thereby authorized and

empowered to purchase and take the same Piece or Parcel of Land

And whereas the said Principal, Fellows and Scholars were entitled

11*under

C. clxxxir.

under the Provisions of the said recited Act, together with all other Persons from whom any Lands should be purchased by the said

Company of Proprietors, to have the first Right of repurchafing

any Part of the said Piece or Parcel of Land a9 should not be

wanted by the said Company for the Purposes of the said Act

And whereas the said Company of Proprietors are prevented by ' other Provisions in the said recited Act from making such Offer

of Refale to the said Principal, Fellows and Scholars, in respect of

a great Part of the said Piece or Parcel of Land which will not f be wanted for the Purposes of the said Act, so that the Repurchase

of the Residue of such Part of the said Piece or Parcel of Land

which will not be wanted as aforesaid will be of very small Advantage to the said Principal, Fellows and Scholars* Be it there- Compensation to fore further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and ke to Jeiii* they are hereby required to make Compensation to the said Principal, ColleSe Oxford* Fellows and Scholars, within One Calendar Month after the passing

of this Act, in respect of such Right to repurchase such Part of the said Piece or Parcel of Land which will not be wanted as aforesaid, and of which the said Principal, Fellows and Scholars have been deprived as aforesaid; and in case the said Company of Proprietors, and the said Principal, Fellows and Scholars shall not agree as to the Amount of such Compensation within Seven Days after the passing of this Act, the same shall be assessed by a Jury, to be summoned in manner by the said recited Act directed in cases where Juries are required to be summoned to assess the Value of Lands,

Grounds and rremifes to be taken and used for the Purposes of the said recited Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when the Sum of Fifty 50, 0001. depo-thousand Pounds, invested in the Names of Trustees as aforesaid, fitedinBank, and the Accumulations and Interest thereof, shall be transferred

to the said Company of Proprietors in pursuance of the said recited transferred, ?p-Ad, the same, or a competent Part thereof, shall be forthwith plied in finishing applied in finishing and completing the said intended Bridge; and Bridge before no Part thereof shall be laid out or expended in the making of any Pnrt ex* Roads or Avenues to the said intended Bridge, or in the Purchase Pandedon Roads* of Houses, Lands or Hereditaments for that Purpose or otherwise howsoever, until and unless the said intended Bridge, and every Part thereof, shall be fully completed and fini(hcd.

XVII. And whereas, for facilitating the Completion of the said intended Bridge, it may be expedient to place Three Centres under

the Arches or intended Arches thereof at the same time; Be it o. 3. c. cxci. therefore further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act §41. in part as extends, or may be construed to extend to prevent the said repealed. Company of Proprietors from erecting and placing more than Two Centres at one time under the intended Arches of the said Bridge, while the same shall be building, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Not more than said Company of Proprietors shall not ered or place more than Three Centres Three Centres at one time under the Arches or intended Arches at wie

of the said Bridge, while the same shall be building, and shall not "m# begin to ered any other Centre until one of the said Centres shall be entirely removed, so that there shall not be at any one time more than

3 I 4 Three

Penalties.

Company authoristd to open Bridge for Paf. fencers asfocn m Arches are turned and Cen« tres removed.

In case Land purchased by Company shall not he used, Company to relell to City of London.

Three Centres or Parts of Centres (landing, being or remaining under the Arches or intended Arches of the said Bridge; and in case more than Three Centres or Parts of Centres shall be (landing or remaining at the same time, the Lord Mayor for the time being of the City of London shall have such and the same Power of removing the same; and the Expencea of such Removal, and such and the same Penalties, shall be paid and recovered in like manner as are expressed in the said recited Ati in case more than Two Centres or Parts of Centres should be (landing or remaining at the same time.

XIX. And whereas it will tend to the Convenience of the*Public if the said Company of Proprietors have Power to open the said intended Bridge for Passengers before the same shall be fully completed Be it therefore further enabled, That when and so soon as all the Arches or intended Arches of the said intended Bridge shall be securely turned, and all the Centres used in building the same entirely removed, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered to make and open a Passage for Passengers over the Works of the said intended Bridge, notwithstanding the Parapets and other Parts of the said Bridge shall not be made or finidied, and to demand and receive the Tolls in and by the said recited Act authorized to be taken and received from Passengers eroding the said Bridge; and such Tolls shall be applicable and be applied and disposed of in the same manner as the Tolls authorized by the said recited Act to be taken and received upon the said Bridge, are thereby directed to be applied and disposed of.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Land or other Hereditaments purchased by the said Company of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, by vittue of the said recited Act, or any Part thereof, shall not be used for a public Road or Way, the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby empowered and required at the Request of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, but at the Costs and Charges of the said Company, by an Indenture under their Common Seal, to grant and reconvey to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, by way of absolute Sale, such Land or such Part of such Land and Hereditaments so purchased, as shall not be so used as aforesaid, for such Price or Sum of Money as (if no Part of the said Land so purchased shall be used as aforesaid) shall be equal to the Sum paid by the said Company for the Purchase thereof; but, if Part of such Land and Hereditaments so purchased shall have been used as aforesaid, for such Pi ice or Sum of Money as shall bear the same Proportion to the ivlvole Purchase Money paid by the said Company for the Purchase of the Land, Part of which shall be used as aforesaid, as the Part of such Land which shall not be used shall bear in Quantity to the whole of such Land; and in case of any Difference or Dispute, the same to be adjuded and settled by a Jury; and Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietors shall be valid and effectual; and that upon Payment of the Sum or Sums to be paid to the said Company of Propriety's for such Reconveyances of Land as last aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being to the said Company of Proprietors, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which

Receipts

clxXXIT.

*57

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to 'any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands or Buildings shall be sold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received 5 and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said recited Act contained shall extend or be deemed or con ft rued to extend to enable the said Company of Proprietors to (lop up or obstrud a certain Way or Street called Narrow Wally in the said Pari Hi of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the said County of Surry.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to enable the said Company of Proprietors to ered any Buildings whatsoever except Toll Houses on the said Bridge and Roads.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, after giving Twenty one Days Notice in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates which shall then be erected upon the said Bridge and Roads, and advertising the same Twice at least in some Newspaper publiftied or circulated in the City of LonJon9 from time to time to lease and demise the Tolls granted by the said recited A d and this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term of Years not exceeding Three Years, at any one time, for the best Price that can be gotten for the same, payable at such times and under such Covenants as the said Company, or their Committees, shall think fit, they the said Company having a Counterpart of such Lease or Leases, Demise or Demises, and taking such other sufficient Security from the Person or Persons, to whom any such Tolls shall be leased or demised, for Payment of the Rents, and Performance of the Covenants to be reserved and comprized in such Lease or Leases, Demise or Demises, as the said Company or their Committee shall think fit.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as there shall be erected, on any Part of the Ground or Soil upon which any Messuages or Tenements were built, and which have been pulled down in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, situate within the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the County of Middlesex, Messuages or Tenements, or other Buildings liable to be rated to the Land Tax, and Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, Watch and Poors Rates, or any of them, within the said Parish, or for the Payment of any Sum of Money to the Rector and Officers of the Church of the same Parish, then and from thenceforth the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand shall not any longer be entitled to receive the Compensation mentioned and directed by the said recited Act for Deficiencies in the Produce of the said Rates or Sums of Money, by reason of the pulling down the Houses and making the Alterations in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act without first allowing the reunto, and the said Parish is hereby required to allow thereout, against such Amount of Deficiencies the Amount of the Rates and Sums of Money which such newly erected Messuages or Buildings shall be respectively liable to; any thing in the said recited Act to the coiurary oot with (landing.

Company not to obstruct Narrow Wall.

Company not to

build except Toll Houses.

Power to leafs Tolls.

ProvUion at to Rates of St. Mary le Strand.

49 G. 3. c.cxd.

c. cixxxiv.

SZ'UEAJ. ill.

49 G. 3. c. cxcl

§88.

Dlftance from Somerset House Buildings*

Tolls on New Roads.

Landing Places.

49 G. 3. c. cxci. §108. in part repealed.

49 G. 3. c. cxci. §79 in pan repealed.

Expences of Juries, and Ver-dills, how a (certained«

Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by Company.

c; . cixxxiv. 53*01uaj. hl a.d. 1813

XXV. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Provision in c the said recited Act in respect of the Distance to be preserved

between the said Bridge and Road or Way to be used as an

Approach from the said Bridge to the Strand, and the Outside

Walls of the Houses or Buildings forming the West Side of

Somerset House, or the Buildings and Premises thereunto belonging,

and for removing the same; 9 Be it further enacted, That the Parapet Wall on the East Side of the said Bridge, ' and the said Road or Way, shall not be nearer than Sixty Feet to the said Outside Walla of the said Houses and Buildings, such Sixty Feet to be measured as directed by the said recited Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and may demand and take upon the Roads mentioned in the said Act, the several Tolls mentioned and authorized to be taken and demanded by the said Act, for and during the Term and in the manner mentioned and authorized in respect of Tolls to be taken upon the said Bridge, and that such Tolls shall be applied and disposed of in manner in the said Act mentioned, in respect of the Tolls to be taken on the said Bridge.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to make and construd Two Stone Stairs or Plying Places at each End of the said Bridge.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as extends to exempt any free Burgess of Lancaster from the Payment of the Tolls authorized to be demanded and taken by the said recited Act and this Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as provides that the Expences of impannelling and returning Juries and taking Verdicts for the Purpose of assessing the Value of Lands, Grounds, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises, to be taken or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, or the Compensation for Goodwill, or for any other Injury or Damage that may affect any Person or Persons interested in such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises, shall be settled by any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex or Surry (where such Verdicts were taken, as the case may happen to be), shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Expences of impannelling any Jury, and taking any Verdict in pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act, shall be settled and determined by the Sheriff, Under Sheriff or Coroner, before whom such Verdict shall have been given, and such Sheriff, Under Sheriff or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to examine and settle the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That, where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, the Purchase Money shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Act, the said Court may in its Discretion order

the

C. dnxhr.

A.D. 18iji 53° GEO. III.

8 S9

the Expencet of all Parch a fe 8 from time to time to be made in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, together with the necessary

Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said

Company of Proprietors, or their Directors, the same being first

taxed by a Matter of the said Court, and the Provisions of the said recited Act in relation thereto shall be, and the same are hereby 49 3« c. cxci.

repealed. $ 98. repealed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Additional Com-Steward of Westminster for the time being, the Very Reverend the mUfioner* ap. Dean of Westminster for the time being, the Right Honourable pointed. Charles Seymour Conway commonly called Earl of Yarmouth, Sir

Thomas Sutton Baronet, William Congreve, Henry Swann, Benjamin Bloomfield, John Kingston, William Ray ley, Edward Bilke, Hylton Jolijfe and Arthur Onslow, Serjeant at Law, shall and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for executing the several Powers in and by the said recited Act specially provided and directed to be executed, in addition to the Commissioners nominated and appointed by the said recited Act; and the said Commissioners hereby nominated shall be and they are hereby in vetted with all the Functions, Powers and Authorities by the said recited Act given to the said Commissioners therein mentioned, and shall be subject to all the Rett ridions, Clauses, Provisoes and Enadments in the said recited Act contained in relation to the said Commissioners.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, Provisions of and all and every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, f<*mer Ad ex-Regulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things tend€ti 10 whatsoever therein contained, so far as the same are not hereby repealed, shall extend, and be construed to extend to operate and be in full Force and Effect, with respect to the Roads mentioned and described in the said recited Act, and with respect to the Access or Approach to be made on the North End of the said Bridge; and alto with respect to the Premises mentioned and contained in the Schedule to this Act, as to other Matters and Things to* be done, or which may arise in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same and every of them, and every Part thereof, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and were made Part thereof; and the recited Act and this Act shall, as to all Matters and Things whatsoever (except as aforesaid) be construed a9 one Ad.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be PubficAd, deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially

taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

*6a

C. clxxxir — clxxxvl.

A.D. 1813.

53° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Van'll and Counts j Number 1 on 1 Plan. Defeript ion of Premises. Owner of Lands Owner of Buildings. Occupier.

\*12 Shed. J His Majesty* by right of the Duchy His Majesty" by right of the Duchy k Joseph Pegram.

li I of Lancaster of Lancaster

*3 Timber Yard Do. Do. Do.

* CO 14I Do. and Workshop Do. Do. Do.

>5 Timber Yard Do. Do. Edw.Arglesdc Co.

0^j6 Stable Do. Do. Wiifon.

P-1 ll Stable Do. Do. Edw. Argles & Co.

18 Yard Do. Do. Do.

u J9 Sutling House Do. Do. Hannah Jennins.

- C 20 Barracks Do. Do.

U 21 Roadway to Yard Do. Do.

CO — 22 Timber Yard Do. Do. Edw. Argles & Co.

1^1 23 Yard Do. Do. Wiifon.

24 PaflTage into Strand Do. Do.

X I -3 > 29 Dwelling House - Do. Do. D. Egg.

& = 30 Do. Do. - Do. Do. G. Yonge.

C 31 Do. Do. - Do. Do. Thos. Alexander.

' re co 3 2 Do. Do. - Do. Do. Wiifon.

33 The Strand

- i 15. B. River Thames

o3

-0 E

Ann Mallett

rl ri 108 House and Yard - Ann Mallett Empty.

4J II y

Cap. clxxxv.

An Act for inclosing, lighting and improving Fit % william Square, in the County of the City of Dublin.

[ad July 1813.]

Cap. clxxxvi.

9 G. 3. c. 56. An Act for repairing and improving several Roads in the Counties J .1 G. 3. c. 103. of Montgomery, Merioneth and Stf/o/; and other Roads therein repealed. mentioned. (£) [2d 1813.]

[.Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap.

A.D. 1813.

S61

53° GEO. III. C. clxxxvii — cxciii#

Cap. clxxxvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King 16G2. c. 3. George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for 9f;3*c*T5* repairing the Road from Howes, in the County of York, to Broughl C* lM* under Stain more, in the County of Westmorland; and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Castle to Kaber Croft, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties. (b)

[2d July 1813.]

[Additional Tntjlees. New Tolls, instead of former Tolls.]

Cap. clxxxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King 33 G. % . c. 57. George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for ^C q'^1 c. 1xt amending the Road from Maid (lone, in the County of Kent, to*

Tubl's Lake, in the Parish of Cranlrook, in the said County.

[2d July 1813.]

[Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.

Double Tolls between \Jl Oct and \Jl April on Hop Poles, Timber,

Wood, Guns or Iron.]

Cap. clxjfxix.

An Act for enabling the Right Honourable William Earl of Dartmouth to grant building Leases of his settled Estates, situate in the Counties of 7"orb, Kent and.Middlesex. (q. P.)

[2d July 1813.

Cap. cxc.

An Act for enabling the Honourable and Reverend Gerald Valerian Wellesley, Doctor in Divinity, and the Reverend Richard Hodges to grant Building Leases of several undivided Shares in a Piece of Land, called Chelsea Common, in the Parish of Saint Lube, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose. (q. P.) [2d July 1813.]

Cap. cxci.

An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Camberwell, in the County of Surry, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Vicarage, (q. P.) [2d July 1813.]

Cap. cxcii.

An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of the late Thomas Saunders Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies thence arising for the Purposes and in manner therein mentioned, (q. P.) [2d July 1813.]

Cap. cxciii.

An Act for substituting and appointing a new Trustee in the Place or Stead of Francis Lucius Aujlen Esquire, for the Purposes of the Settlement made upon the Marriage of William John Campion Esquire, with Jane Aujlen Spiniler, now the Wite of the said William John Campion; and also of the Will and Codicil of

OU4

WC111 — Cf.

53v ujbiUi iu>

n*17. i o v 3>

Henry Courlbope Campion Esquire, deceased, so far as respedi the Freehold and Copyhold or Customary Estates thereby respectively devised to the Uses or upon the Trulls of the said Settlement* and for ceding the Trufk Estates accordingly, (q. P.)

[id July 1813.]

Cap. cxciv.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Dun combe Esquire, and other Lands settled to the same Uses, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses. (q. P.) [2d July 1813.]

Cap. cxcv.

An Act for exchanging the Lands of Brabjlerdorran, and other Heritages belonging to Henrietta Sinclair, as Heir under an Entail, made by David Sinclair of Southdun, deceased, for other Lands and Heritages belonging to her in Fee Simple; and for veiling the said Lands of Brabflerdorrany and other Heritages, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.) [2d July 1813.]

Cap. cxevi.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Edward Lee Esquire and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Counties of Waterford and Dublin, and in the County of the City of Dublin, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold* (q. P.) [2d July 1813.]

Cap. cxcvii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Holt Esquire, in the County of Sujfolky in Trust for Sale } and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.) [2d July 1813.]

Cap. cxcviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Gloucester. (q. P.) [2d July 1813.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §24.

Cap. cxeix.

10 G. 3. c. 72. An Act for enlarging the Term of Two Acts of His present Majesty,

31 G. 3. c. 101. for repairing and widening the Road from Bicestery in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

[6th July 1813.]

[.Additional Trustees, Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.3

Cap. cc.

31 G. 3. C.X03. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market Place

in

C. cc — ccvi,

853

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

in Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to the Buckingham Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton; and for extending the Powers of the said Act to an adjoining Branch of Road. (b) [6th July 1813.]

[.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Capi cci.

An Act for embanking, inclosingnd draining Lands in the Parish of Wainfleet Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

[7th July 1813.]

u Allotment to His Majesty, §23.

Cap ccii.

An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands, demised by the Will of William Seabright, deceased, situate in the Township of Bednal Green otherwise Bethen Hall Green, in the Parish of Stepney otherwise Stabinhcath, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases thereof, (q. P.) [7th July 1813.]

Cap. cciii.

An Act for enabling William Hall Esquire, to assign or surrender a Term of One thousand Years, in Estates, in the County of Oxford, unto or in Trust for Eltfha Bifcoe Esquire $ and for other Purposes. (q. P.) [7th July 1813,

Cap. cciv.

An Act for enabling Trustees, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, to grant Building Leases of Part of the Estates of Thomas Milner Gibson Esquire, deceased, in Lambeth, in the County of Surry, and in Islington, in the County of Middlesex; and also under the like Direction, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage of the same Estates, for Payment of Charges and Incumbrances thereon; and for other Purposes. (q. P.)

[7th July 1813.]

Cap. cc9.

An Act for confirming the Purchase of a Term of Years in an Estate at Knightsbridge in the County of Middlesex, being Part of the Settled Estates of William Lowndes the elder, Esquire, deceased, and for veiling Part of the said Settled Estates in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu of the Estates fold, and to the same Uses; and to enable Trustees to grant Building Leases of Part of the said Settled Estates; and for other Purposes. (q. P.)

[7th July 1813.]

Cap. ccvi.

An Act to enable The Hope HJfvrance Company to sue and be sued; to grant Annuities, and to enrol Memorials thereof, under certain Regulations.

[10th July 1813.]

Cap.

864

C.ccvii — ccix.

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

11 G. 3.1

3*0.(.

repealed.

51G3.C.

Cap. ccvii.

An Act to enable The Eagle Insurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary or any Member thereof; and to inrol Annuities.

[10th July 1813.]

98.

c. 138.

Cap. ccviii.

An Act for amending the Roads from Hodges to Beadles Hill and Cuckjieldy and from Beadles Hill to Lindfieldy and from thffe Cuclcfield and Crawley Road to Horsham> and from Swingate to Shover Green, all in the County of Sussex. (£) [10th July 1813.] [Double Tolls on certain Articles between 10th 0Sober and 5th April. Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. ccix.

An Act for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to convey certain Tenements at Deal, in the County of Kent, to or in Trust for His Majesty, for the Public Serviit.

[10th July 1813.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed; n the Fifty first Year of the W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant budding and repairing Leases of Estates at Deal and Clisse, in the County of Kent,

belonging to the See of Canterbury, and for other Purposes, after

reciting, amongst other things, that Charles Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, in Right of his See, was seised of or entitled to divers Messuages or Tenements, Lands and Grounds, in the Town and Borough and Parish of Dcaly in the County of Kent, and in the Parish of Saint Margaret at Clisse, in the same County, several Parts whereof were or might be required for the Public Service, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, snd his Successors from time to time, as to such of his Lands and Grounds so required for the Public Service, then built upon or capable of Improvement by building, situate in the Town and Borough and Parish of Deal aforesaid, and in the Parish of Saint Margaret at Cliffe aforesaid, and more particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, as 1 were and should from time to time be out of Lease, solely and alone with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery; and as to such of his and their said Lands and Grounds, and the Houses and Buildings then erected or to be erected thereon, as were or should be in Lease to any Person or Person s for Years, or on any Life or Lives, jointly and with the Concurrence of the original Lessee or Lessees for the time being thereof, or his or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiflratorsand Assigns respectively, by Indenture or Indentures, to be sealed and delivered by the Lord Archbishop for the time being; and also as to such L(>ases as were to be granted jointly or with such Concurrence as aforesaid, to be sealed and delivered by such Lessee or Lessees, or his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns respectively, to demise and lease all or any Part of the same Lands and Grounds, Houses and Buildings respectively for any Term of Years, not exceeding Ninety nine Years in Possession, or by way of immediate Revevlion, to any Person or Persons, in Trust for His Majesty or his Successors, for the

V

53°trJGO.ui.

L'.cciz*

A.LM813*

the Public Service, with and under the Restrictions therein mentioned: And it was thereby provided and ensiled, that it should be lawful for the said Archbishop and his Successors, with the Approbation of the said Court, in lieu of the Rent or Share thereby required to be reserved to the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, upon any Lease or Leases thereby authorised to be made,

to accept and make payable in manner thereinafter mentioned, as or in the Nature of a Fine, such Sum or Sums of Money in Gross as should be equivalent to the Rent or Share of Rent by the said Act required to be reserved by any such Lease or Leases respectively; so that in every such Lease there should be reserved to the Lord Archbishop and his Successors an annual Rent, equal to or exceeding the Rent reserved by the last preceding Lease of the said Lands or Grounds, or a due Proportion of such Rent, in case the same should have been reserved for such Lands or Grounds jointly with other Lands or Tenements: And it was thereby further enacted, that all Monies arising from the Fines so to be taken should be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court, to be placed to his Account there emparte the Archbishop of Canterbury

and Provision was thereby made for having the Monies so to be paid into the Bank, or the Monies to be produced by Sale of the Navy, Victualling, Transport or Exchequer Bills, to be purchased with any of such Monies, or with the Interest of any of such Bills in manner therein directed, laid out under the Direction of the said Court in the Purchase of Freehold Hereditaments and Copyhold Hereditaments convenient to be held therewith (such Copyhold not to exceed in Value One sixth Part of the Freehold Premises), to be situate io or near the Diocese of Canterbury, to be settled to the Use of the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors in the said See of Canterbury; and which it was thereby enacted should from the time of the Assurance thereof be annexed to and for ever thereafter continue and be Part of the said See: And whereas by an In- indenture of denture of Lease, bearing Date the Twelfth Day of December, in Letfe dated the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and iath Dec. 181* 4 made between the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Canterbury of the one Part, and Sir Thomas Boulden Thompson Baronet, Comptroller, Sir Francis John Hartwell Baronet, Deputy Comptroller,

4. and Sir William Rule Knight, and Henry Peake Esquire, joint Surveyors, Four of the principal Officers and Commissionera of His Majesty's Navy (on Behalf of His said Majesty) of the other Part; reciting an Indenture of Lease bearing Date on or about the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, and made between the said Lord Archbishop of the one Part,

and the said Sir Thomas Boulden Thompson, Sir Francis John Hartwell, Sir William Rule, and Henry Peake of the other Part 5 4 whereby the said Lord Archbishop demised unto them, in Trust for His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, All that Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, lying in the Parish of Deal in the County of Kent, being Part of the Lord Archbishop's Waste Land and Sea Beach, belonging to the Manor of Deal Prebend,

and bounded on the North Side thereof by Ground then or then late let to John Baker Esquire, and extends from the said Ground to the new Wall of the Entrance to the Storehouses thereinafter 53 G10. III. 3K 4 mentioned

966

C. ccix.

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

*. mentioned Sixty fix Feet, little more or left, from North to South*and from East to West, from the High-water Mark of the Sea to < the Dwelling House then or then late in the Possession of George ' Lawrence Esquire: And also, all that Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground in the said Parish of Deal, being Part of the said Lord Archbishop* Waste Land and Sea Beach belonging to hia said Manor, whereon were Storehousea for the Service of His Majesty's 4 Ship* in the Downs; and which said last mentioned Ground contains in Front from North to South toward* the Sea, Two hundred Feet of Assize, little more or less; and into the Land East aid West One hundred and fifty Feet of Aisize, little more or less, and is bounded on the North Side thereof by the Piece of Land or Ground thereinbefore mentioned and intended to be thereby derailed, and on the South Side thereof by the Piece of Land or Ground next thereinafter mentioned and intended to be thereby demised: And also, Five Feet of Ground then or then lately used 4 a* a Footway without the Wall of the said Storehousea on the South Side thereof; and Five Feet of Ground then used as a Footway on the West Side thereof next the Country, and contains by Admeasurement, together with the said Footway, Two Rood- and Thirty nine Perches, little more or less: And also, all that Capstan and Beach Ground lying between the Sea and the said Premises last mentioned, containing from North to South Two hundred and ten Feet of Aisize, little more or lef*; and from the Front of the said Storehouses to the High-water Mark of the Sea, Eighty Feet of Aisize, little more or less, and contain* by Admeasurement One Ropd Twenty one Perches and an Half, little more or less: And also, all that Piece or Parcel of Land lying in the Parish of Deal aforesaid, being Part of the Waste Land and Sea Beach of the said Lord Archbishop belonging to his said Manor of Deal Prebend, containing in Length from a Stump or marked Post, on the said Five Feet Path or Footway near the said Storehouse9, thereinbefore mentioned, North, and from thence in a 4 straight Line towards Deal Castle to another Stump or marked Post there fixed, South, Three hundred and seventy nine and an Half Feet, or thereabouts, were the same more or lef*, and in Breadth from the said last mentioned Stump or marked Post, to another Stump or marked Post, at High-water Mark, towards the East, Two hundred and thirty one Feet or thereabout*, little more or less, which said Piece of Land last mentioned contain* in the Whole Two Acres and Two Perches or thereabouts, were the same more or less, and is bounded on the North Side thereof by the Piece of Land and Premise* last thereinbefore mentioned, and intended to be thereby demised, and on the South Side thereof by the Piece of Land next thereinafter mentioned and intended to be thereby demised, on the West by other Waste Lands of the said Lord Archbishop, belonging to hi* said Manor of Deal Prebend^ and on the East by the High-water Mark of the Sea: And also, all that 4- Piece or Parcel of Land lying in the Parish of Deal aforesaid, being other Part of the Waste Land and Sea Beach of the said Lord Archbishop, belonging to the said Manor of Deal Prebend, being bounded on the North Side thereof by the Piece or Parcel of Ground last thereinbefore mentioned, and extending from the same Southward Eighty Feet of Aisize, little more or left; and from the

C.ccix.

S 6j

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

High-water Mark of the Sea, on the East, Westward Two hundred and thirty one Feet or thereabouts, little more or less; and is bounded on the South and West Sides thereof by other Waste

Lands of the said1 Lord Archbishop, belonging to the said Manor of Deal Prebend, and on the East Side thereof by the High-water Mark of the Sea: And also, all that Piece or rarcel of Capstan Ground, lying in the Parish of Deal aforesaid, being Part of the said Lord Archbishop's Waste Land and Sea Beach, belonging to his said Manor, and which said Piece or Parcel of Capstan Ground was then late in the Occupation of John Baker, Esquire; and is bounded on the South by the first mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground thereinbefore described, and contains from North to South, at each End thereof. Forty five Feet of Assize, little more or less, and from East to West, from the High-water Mark of the Sea, to

the Road leading from the Middle Street, along the King's 4 Buildings to Deal Castle, One hundred and fifty Feet of Assize, little more or less: And also, all that Piece or Parcel of Land, Part

of Deal Prebend, with the Buildings thereon erected, situate at the South West Side of the Town of Deal aforesaid, being Part of certain Lands called the Outgrounds, containing Sixty seven Feet from

North to South on the East and West Sides thereof, and One hundred and forty seven Feet from East to West, on the North and South Sides thereof, little more or less; abutting South and West on Lands, Part of the said Deal Prebend, then or then late let to John May and William White; East on the Road leading from Dover to the Lower Street in Deal, and North on Land Part of the said Deal Prebend let to Gammon; and which said Piece

4 or Parcel of Land was then used for the Service of His Majesty; 4 To hold to them the said Sir Thomas Boulden Thompjbn, Sir Fran tie John Hartwell, Sir William Rule and Henry Peake, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, from the making thereof, for the Term of Twenty one Years, at and under the yearly Rents,

and subject to the Covenants and Agreements therein expressed and contained, on the Part and Behalf of them the said Sir Thomas Boulden Thompson, Sir Francis John Hartwell, Sir William Rule and Henry Peake, their Successors and Assigns, to be kept, done and performed: And also reciting an Indenture of Lease, bearing

Date the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, and between the said Lord Archbishop of the

one Part, and John Cavell of Deal aforesaid, Boatbuilder, of the

other Part; whereby the said Lord Archbishop demised to the said

John Cavell, All that Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate, lying and being in South Street in Lower Deal, in Deal aforesaid, with a 4 new erected Brick Building used for the drying of Herrings, a 4 large School Room with Workshop under the same, a new erected Plumber and Glazier's Shop, a large Boathouse and Workshop, Timber Yard, Coal Yard, and sundry Sheds erected and built on some Part thereof, with the Garden and Appurtenances to the same belonging, abutting to a Five Feet Path or Passage towards

the East, to rremifes demised to Edward Iggulden towards the West, to South Street North, and to Premises demised to the

Reverend Montague Pennington towards the South; and the same were then in the Tenure or Occupation of the said John Cavell and his Undertenants or Assigns; To hold the same to the find John

Indenture of Lease. dated 29th Sep. 1805.

Indenturt of Lease, dated 18th Oa. 1805.

Indenture of dated iffthOtt. 1805.

(denture of Lease, dated 18th Oa. 1805.

Cavell, fab Executors, Administrators and Alsigns, from the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, for the Term of Twenty one Years, under the Rents and Covenants therein contained, on his and their Parts to be paid, done and performed: And also reciting an Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, and made between the said Lord Archbishop of the one Part, and Edward Iggulden of Deal aforesaid, Brewer, of the other Part; whereby the said Lord Archbishop demised to the said Edward Iggulden, All that Piece or Parcel of Ground lying intermixed with the said lad mentioned piece or Parcel of Ground, upon Part whereof had then lately been erected and built a Stable and Coach-house, and lying opposite to the Walmer Castle Inn in South Street in Daz/aforefaia, abutting to the hereinbefore mentioned Premises towards the East, West ana South, and to South Street North, and the same was then in the Tenure of Solman /

To hold to the said Edward Iggulden, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the Term of Twenty one Years, at and under the Rents and Covenants therein contained: And al(b reciting aq Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the said Eighteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, and made between the said Lord Archbishop of the one Part, and the Reverend Montague Pennington of Deal aforesaid, Executor of Elizabeth Carter deceased of the other Part; whereby the said Lord Archbishop demised unto the said Montague Pennington, All that Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pasture Land lying and being at the South End of the Town of Deal aforesaid, and containing by Admeasurement in Length, from North to South* Thirty five Kods and Two Feet; and m square Contents by Estimation Two Acres and a Quarter, little more or less, through which runs a Common Sewer, being Part of the Manor of Deal otherwise Deal Prebend; abutting to the King's Highway towards the West, to Lands, Part of Deal Prebend demised to John Cavell, towards the North and South; and to the Five Feet Walk, leading to Deal Castle, towards the East; together with all Erections and Buildings erected and built thereoq, or on some Part thereof (excepting the reout to the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, all Mines, Minerals, Quarries and Timber Trees), and the same were then in the Tenure of the said Montague Pennington, Sylvester P<fjfs, Jofebh Troun/el, William Monday* William Soiman, James Tomlin, John Wife, James Agar, Thomas Cox, Thomas Hayward, the Commissioners under the Act of Parliament for paving the said Town of Deal, and William White Esquire, some or One of them, their or some or One of their Undertenants or Assigns; To hold to the said Montague Pennington, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, from the Date thereof for the Terra of Twenty one Years, at and under the Rents and Covenants therein reserved and contained, on his and th^ir Part to be paid, done and performed; and also reciting an Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the said Eighteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, and made between the said Lord Archbishop of £he one Part, and the said John Cavell of the other Part; whereby the said Lord Archbishop demised to the (fid John Cavell, AH that Piece of Ground near Deal Castle, on Which was built a Shed, containing Two Roods and Thirty Perches 13«(were

C. ccix.

*69

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

(were the same more or less), being Part of a certain Piece of Land called The Valley, Part of Deal Prebend; abutting to other Part of the said Land towards the North, to the Highway towards the West, to the Lands rtext thereinafter mentioned towards the South, and to the Five Feet Walk leading to Deal CafUe towards the East

And also, all that other Piece of Land abutting to the last mentioned Preolifes towards the North, to the King's Highway towards the West, and to the Highway leading to the Five Feet Walk and other Premises demised to the said John Cavell> towards the South and East, and containing by Estimation One Rood, were the same more or less (excepting the reout to the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors all Royalties, Mines, Minerals, Quarries and Timber Trees); To hold to the said John Cdvell, his Executors, Administrators and Aisigns, from the making thereof for the Term of Twenty one Years, at and under the Rents and Covenants therein reserved and contained, on his and their Part to be paid, done and performed; and also reciting the said Act of the Fifty first Year of 5iG.^. c.cxxxri. the Reign of His said Majesty; and that the said several Pieces or Parcels of Ground, and other the Premises thereinbefore mentioned and thereinafter mentioned and intended to be thereby demised, were Parcel of the Premises in Deal aforesaid, comprised in the Schedule to the said Act 5 and that the said principal Officers and Commissioners had purchased or were about to purchase, the said several Indentures of the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Eighteenth Day of October One thousand eight nund; ed and five ana had applied to have a full Term of Twenty one Years m Possession made up to them, in all the said several Indentures of Lease, to which the said Lord Archbishop had consented; and that such Renewals had been perfected accordingly; and that the Sum of Eight hundred and ninety Pounds Four Shillings and Eleven pence had been paid to the said Lord Archbishop as a Fine or Connderation for the same; and that all the Grid Premises being required for the Public Service, the said Commissioners had requested the said Lord Archbishop to grant to them a Term of Ninety nine Years in the same, upon the Surrender of the said several Indentures of Lease, and the said several renewed Terms of Twenty one Years, which the said Lord Archbishop had also consented to do upon having the Sum of Seventeen thousand nine hundred and fifty nine Pounds One Shilling and 'Three pence paid as a Fine into the Bank of England, to be applied pursuant to the Directions of the said Act; And also reciting an Order of the said Court of Chancery, made upon the Petition of the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, made on the Twenty ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eleven, whereby it was ordered that the said Lord Archbishop should be at Liberty from time to time to lay before Mr. Thomson, one of the Mailers of the said Court, Proposals for One or more Lease or Leases, or for One or more Contract or Contracts for a Lease or Leases, to be granted pursuant to the said Act; and that the said*

Mailer should be at Liberty from time to time to slate such Proposal or Proposals respectively, with'ids Opinion thereon to the*

Court, and be it Liberty to state any special Circumstancea relating thereto; And also reciting the said Master's Report, bearing Date the Twenty fourth Day1 of November One thousand

C-CQIX,

870

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

eight hundred and twelve, whereby he certified that a Proposal had been laid before him, on Behalf of the said Lord Archbishop, whereby it was proposed that a Lease should be granted of all the Parcels of Lana and other the Premises comprised in the said several therein and hereinbefore mentioned Indentures of Lease, to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, for the Term of Ninety nine Years, at the yearly Rent of Forty Shillings 5 and on

Payment into the Bank of the Sum of Seventeen thousand nine hundred and fifty nine Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence, by way of Fine or Premium for such Lease 5 and the said Matter alto

certified that, upon the Evidence stated in the said Report, he was of Opinion it would be for the Benefit of the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, that a Lease should be granted to the said Commissioners of the said several Parcels of Land and Hereditaments comprised in the said several Indentures of Lease, situate in the Parish and Town of Deal, in the County of Kent, Part of the Premises comprised in the Schedule to the said Act of Parliament, for the Term of Ninety nine Years, to commence from the Day of the Date of the said proposed Lease, at the yearly Rent of Forty Shillings; and subject to such Covenants as were directed by the said Act; and also certified his Opinion that the Sum of Seventeen thousand nine hundred and fifty nine Pounds One Shilling

and Three pence, proposed to the paid by the said Commissioners

by way of Fine or Premium for granting such Lease, was a proper Sum to be paid into the Bank, in manner directed by the said Act, according to the Value of the said Premises, and the Interest of the said Lord Archbishop therein: And also reciting an Order of the said Court, made on the Thirtieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve $ whereby it was, amonest other things, ordered, that the said Report should be confirmed, and that it should be referred back to the said Mailer to settle and approve of the Lease proposed to be granted by the said Lord Archbishop to the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and that the said Commissioners should pay the Sum of Seventeen thousand nine hundred and fifty nine Pounds One Shilling and Three pence into the Bank, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court, to be there placed to the Credit of*Ex parte the Archbishop of Canterbury; And further reciting, that the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy had, in pursuance of the said Order, paid into the Bank the Sum of Seventeen thousand nine hundred and fifty nine Pounds One Shilling and Three pence, pursuant to the Directions contained in the said Act; and also reciting that the said Mailer had perused the Draft of the said Lease, and had approved thereof,

and had signed his Name in the Margin of the said Lease, in testimony of his Allowance of the same 2 It was by the said Inden-

InSentur; , ture, of the Twelfth Day of December One thousand eight

xath Dec. x8x». hundred and twelve, Witnessed, that in consideration of the Sur*

render of all the said several thereinbefore in Part recited Indentures of Lease, and of the said full Term of Twenty one Years in the same, granted upon such Renewals as aforesaid 5 and also in consideration of the Sum of Seventeen thousand nine hundred and fifty nine Pounds One Shilling and Three pence, so paid as thereinbefore mentioned, the said Charlet Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, 4 in obedience to the said Order of the said Court of Chancery, and pursuant to and ^>y force and virtue and in exercise and execution

C.cclx,

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

of the Power or Authority vested in him for that Purpose by the said recited Act, and of every other Power or Authority enabling him in that Behalf, did demise and lease unto the said Sir Thomas Boulden Thompson, Sir Francis John Hart welly Sir William Rule'and Henry Peake, in Trust for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; all and Angular the said several Pieces or Parcels of Ground, with the Messuages or Tenements, and all other the

Erc&ions and Buildings erected and built thereon, or on some

Part thereof, mentioned and comprised in the said several there-

inbefore in Part recited Indentures of Lease; and all Ways,

4 Paths, Passages, Water*, Watercourses, Profits, Commodities and Appurtenances to the same respectively belonging, or in any

wife appertaining; and which laid Premises were therein mentioned to be more particularly described in the Plan or Ground Plot thereof, in the Schedule to the said Indenture of Lease; To

hold unto the said Sir Thomas Boulden Thompson, Sir Francis John Hart welly Sir William Rule and Henry Peake, their Successors and

Assigns, for the Term of Ninety nine Years, to be computed from the Twenty ninth Day of September then lad, in Trust for

His Majesty ana his Successors for the Public Service; subject to the Payment therefore, during the said Term of Ninety nine Years, unto the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, of the yearly Rent of Forty Shillings on the Feast Days therein mentioned, by equal Portions; and also subject to the Covenants,

Provisoes and Agreements therein contained, by and on the Part of the said Sir Thomas Boulden Thompson, Sir Francis John Hartwell, Sir William Rule and Henry Peake % and their Successors, to be paid, observed and performed; and after stating that there then

was, and for some time past had been, a Public Sewer or Drain passing from North to South through the Whole, or a considerable Part of the Premises thereby intended to be demised; it was thereby agreed, by and between the said several Parties thereto,

for themselves, their respective Successors and Assigns, that the said Public Sewer or Drain should from time to time, and at all times during the Continuance of the said Demise, be kept open in the same manner in all respects as the same had theretofore been

4 And whereas the said principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, conceiving that it would be for the Benefit of the Public Service to obtain the Fee Simple of the said Grounds,

4 Buildings and Premises so demised to them by the said Lord Archbishop, for the said Term of Ninety nine Years, in Trust for His Majesty and his Successors, for the Public Service as aforesaid, upon the like Trust; as also to purchase the Reversion in Fee Simple of Three small Pieces or Parcel of Land (Part of the Estates belonging to the said See) situate at Deal aforesaid,

and lying contiguous and immediately adjoining to the said Grounds, Buildings and Premises, subject to Three several Leases granted to the Reverend Montague Pennington, John Iggulden and John Cavell of the same, by the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, bearing Date respectively the Eighteenth Day of OBoler One thousand eight hundred and five, and now intended to be renewed. for Three several Terms of Twenty one Years at and under the Rents and Covenants therein respectively referred and contained; 4 as also to purchase the Scite of the Footpath passing through a Part

871

C» ccix*

8ya

Archbishop uf Canterbury may (Ul Pretnifes,

&c. ddcribed in FirA Schedule, to His Majesty for Public Service.

Brain or Sewer, stated in Lease iath Dec. ifcn. kept open.

Archbishop of Canterbury empowered to fell Premiset, Sec. described in second Schedule.

53° GEO. III.

4^.1813.

of the Cud Piece* or Parcel* of Land; have proposed to the £*id Lord Archbishop to give for the Purchase of toe Reversion in Fee Simple of the uid Grounds, Buildings and Premisea so demised to them the said principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty*8 Navy as aforesaid, expedant on the said Term of Ninety nine Years, the Sum of One thousand and thirty eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Halfpence 5 and for the Purchase of the Reversion in Fee Simple of the said Three final! Pieces or Parcels of Land expedant on the said Three Several Terms of Twenty one Years, the Sum of Three hundred and seventy two Pounds; and for the Purchase of the Scite of the said Footpath, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; the said Three several Sums to be paid into the Bank, in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be applied as herein after is mentioned; and the said Lord Archbishop being Satisfied that the said Sums are a full and fair Consideration for such Purchases, thought fit to accede to such Proposal; but the same cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Most Excellent Majesty (at the Petition of the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Canterbury)that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, at any time or times, after Payment of the Sum of One thousand and thirty eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Halfpence, in manner herein after directed, by Indenture or Indentures, to be sealed and delivered by the Lord Archbishop for the time being, to grant, bargain and fell and afiure all the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, and by the said Indenture of the Twelfth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, demised or expressed and intended so to be, with their and every of their Rights, Members and Appurtenances, and more particularly described in the First Schedule to this Act annexed, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, KTues and Profits thereof, unto and to the Use of His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successbrs for eWfcr, for the Public Service, or unto and to the Use of any other Person or Persons, and his or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Trust for His Majesty and his Successors, for the Public Service.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the said Public Sewer or Drain, mentioned in the said Lease of the Twelfth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall from time to time, and at all times, as well from and after as before such Conveyance, be kept open in all respects as the lame has heretofore beeo, or diverted or turned in such manner as shall be from time to time ordered and directed by the Commissioners of Sewers, acting for the District wherein the same is situate.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, at any time or times after Payment of the Sum of Three hundred and seventy two Pounds in manner herein after directed by Indenture or Indentures to be sealed and delivered by the Lord Archbishop for the time being, to

grant.

C.ccix.

*73.

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

Sant, bargain, sell and allure all the said Three Piecee or Parcels of and and Premises hereinbefore mentioned or referred to by the said Three several Leases of the Eighteenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fire as aforesaid, and more particularly mentioned and described in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, 1 flues and Profits thereof, unto and to the Use of His said Majesty, his Hein and Successors for ever, for the Public Service, or unto and to; the Use of any other Person or Persons, and his or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Trust for His Majesty and his Successors, for the Public Service; but subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to the said Three several Leases, and the said Three several Terms of Twenty one Years if then subsisting, and to any future Renewal or Renewals of the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Archbishop m«y Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, at any time or times convey Scite of after Payment of the Sum of One hundred Pounds in manner herein- Footpath, See. after directed, by Indenture or Indentures to be sealed and delivered by the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, to grant, bargain, fell and assure the Scite of the said Footpath running through a Part of the said Pieces or Parcels of Land as aforesaid, with all Easements and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, unto and to the Use of His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, for the Public Service, or unto and to the Use of any other Person or Persons, and his or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Trust for His Majesty and his Successors, for the Public Service; but subject to such Rights of Way, or other Rights, which any Person or Persons, other than and except the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, may have or claim, in, through, over or upon the same: Provided Protifo. nevertheless, that such Conveyance of the said Scite of the said Footpath for the Sum of One hundred Pounds as aforesaid shall be on this express Condition, that in case the said Footpath shall at any time hereafter be legally stopped, diverted or turned, the said Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy do and shall increase the Width of the present Street, called South Street, in Lower Dealt by giving up a Portion of the Premises through which it runs to and for the Use of the Public at large.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Sums of One thousand Money paid by and thirty eight Pounds Ten Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, Treasurer Three hundred and seventy two Pounds, and One hundred Pounds, ^fvy mt0 Bank* shall or may be paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy into the Bank of England\ in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Archbishop of Canterbury, f pursuant to the Method prefenbed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King I4 c.x. c. 3a. George the First, Chapter the Thirty fecund, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Ad*of the T welfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty , x G. a. c. 14. fourth and shall when so paid in be laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Transport or Exchequer Bills; and the Interest arising from the Money laid out in such Bills, and the Money received for the same, as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Purchase of other Navy or Vi&ualiing Bills, or Transport or Exchequer Bills: Provided, that

it

C.ccix.

53° GEO. III. A.D. 1813.

Receipts of Cashienof Bank sufficient Discharge.

Court of Chancery empowered to uy out Funds in Purchase of Lands.

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Coart of Chancery to make such General Order or Order*, or Special Order or Order* if necefianr, that whensoever the Exchequer Bill* of the Date of those in the Hands of the said Accountant General shall be in the Course of Payment by Government, and new Exchequer Bill* shall be issued, such new Exchequer Bill* may be received in Exchange for those which are so in the Course of Payment, as shall be effectual for enabling such Receipt in Exchange# and in that event the Interest of the old Bill* shall be laid out as before directed with respect to the Interest when the Bills are paid off; all which said Navy, Victualling, Transport and Exchequer Bill* shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until the same shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a summary way, by or on Behalf of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for carrying the Purposea of this Act into Execution.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificate* to be given by the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of one of the Cashiers of the Bank of England to be thereunto annexed, and therewith filed in the Registrar Office of the said Court of Chanceij, of the Payment into the Bank of England of the said Purchase Monies, or an Office Copy or Office Copies of such Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts, shall be and be deemed and taken to be a good and sufficient l)if-charge for the same, or so much thereof for which such Certificate or Certificates, and Receiptor Receipt* as aforesaid, shall respectively be given.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery from time to time, upon a Petition to be preferred to that Court in a summary way, by or on Behalf of the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, to order the Accountant General of the said Court to pay and apply the whole, or any Part or Parts, as to the same Court shall seem right and proper, of the Monies hereinbefore directed to be paid into the Bank, or of the Monies to be produced by Sale of the aforesaid Navy, Victualling, Transport or Exchequer Bills, for the Purchase of Freehold Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, in Possession, or of Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments convenient to be holden therewith (so as such Copyhold Part shall not exceed in Value One sixth Part of the Freehold Premises so to be purchased) free from all Incumbrances (except Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rents, or other usual Outgoings or Payments), to be situate in or near the said Diocese of Canterbury / and that all and singular the Freehold and Copyhold, Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and 'Hereditaments which shall be so purchased as aforesaid shall be there-upon immediately settled, conveyed, surrendered and afTured unto and to the Use of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, and hi* Successors, in the said See of Canterbury for ever; and shall from the time of such Conveyance and Surrender, or Assurance, be annexed to and for ever thereafter continue and be Part of the said See,

L

C. cci*.

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III.

*7 5

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Lease T«nn of Lesfes. or Leases shall be made by the Archbishop of Canterbury for the

time being of all or any Part of the Manors, Messuages, Farms,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, for any Term exceeding Twenty one Years, in Possession, and not in Reveruon, or otherwise, than at the bed improved Rent or Rents, payable Half-yearly, or oiftener, which can or may be obtained for the same; and that all Leases to be so made the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being shall be binding on him and his Successors.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it Court of Chan-

shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, from time to time,*7 "7 «der to make such Order or Orders as to the said Court shall seem meet, E -

for settling and ascertaining the Cods of applying for, obtaining and pcnc*s* passing this Act, and of the several Applications to be made to the

laid Court respecting the Matters aforesaid, and the Cods of taking the said Monies out of the Bank, and inveding such Monies in such Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid; and also the Costs and Expences attending the Execution of all other the Truda of this Act 5 and for Payment of all such Cods, Charges and Expences, except the Cods of applying for, obtaining ana passing this Act* out of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or to arise by Sale of the said Navy, Victualling, Transport or Exchequer Bills so to be purchased as aforesaid; and that the Cods of applying for, obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid by the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the time being.

X. Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Maiedy, his General Sjvinj. Heirs and SuccefTon, and to all and every other Person and Persons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate, his and their Heirs, SuccefTon, Exe-cuton and Administrators (other than and except the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and his Successors Archbishops of Canterbury), all loch Estate, Right, Title, Intered, Benefit, Property,

Claim and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to or out of or upon the said Hereditaments so to be granted, bargained and sold as aforesaid, under or by virtue of this Act, and every or any Part thereof, as he, she and they, and every or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or would, could or might have had, held and enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed EvMenceClausei by the several Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, duly authorised to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and that

a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evi*

(fence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others.

The

6

G.ccii. 53° GEO. III. AT). 1813.

No.

4

7-

8.

5-

6.

9*

10.

11. 22.3*4-5-16.

J7-

18

19.

20.

23*

21.

22.

l5-

l4-

ED/T* HOLL. The Second SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

NJO Names of Tenant*. Premises. Measure. Relerved Rent.

A. R. P. £ s. d.

2. John Iggulden Piece of Land and Cap-7 stan Ground - J 10 — I —

3- Reverend Mon 7 tagu Pennington J Do. Do. 4 — I —

6. John Cavell J Carpenter's Yard, Capstan 7 and Anchor Ground 3 — I —

7* Do. Capstan Ground 24

\- 138 — 2 —

HOLL. Cap.

The First SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Name* of Tenants.

Premises.

Measure

Commissioners of the Navy

John Cavell

Do.

Do.

Henry Cavell Edward Iggulden Reverend Mon-7 tagu Pennington J

Sylvester Eastes

Trounfell William Monday William Salmon -James Tomlin junior Sylvester Eastes -John Wife James Agar Thomas Cox Thomas Hayward Commissioners of) Pavement - I William White,

Lfq.

John Cavell

Do.

Do.

Commissioners of] Steam Engine j

Naval Yard and Premises') belonging - j

Boat Shop, Painter's Do. 7 Yard, 5cc. 5cc. - j Piece of Garden Ground -Do. Do.

Store Houses Stables and Yards

Two Storehouses and Land

Bricklayer's Shop and 7 Yard, House and Garden J Garden

2 Tenements and Gardens 2 Do. and Do.

1 Do. and Do.

1 Do. and Do.

Garden

Garden

Garden

Garden

Refenroir, 3cc.

Small Tenement with Cow 7 Sheds, 8cc. - - J

Strip of Land adjoinirigJ Navy Yard Yards, &c. &c.

Do. Do.

Steam Engine, &c.

- 35

- l5

- 26

- U

- 27

- 34

- 16

- 16

-38

- 34

- 13

- i 15

- 1

- 6

- 7

23

t —

3 5

- 2

11 — 2

---

A.D. 1813. 53° GEO. III. C. ccx - ccxvi. 877

Cap. ccx.

An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Right Honourable John Viscount Bateman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising therefrom, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.)

[12th July 1813.]

Cap. ccxi.

An Act to enable The Marine Insurance Company of Dublin to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary or Secretaries.

[13th July 1813.]

Cap. ccxii.

An Act to enable The Phoenix Assurance Company of London to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, or any Member.

[20th July 1813.]

Cap. ccxiii.

An Act for altering the Rules, Statutes and Ordinances of the Hospital of Robert Earl of Leicester, in Warwick; and for enabling the Matter and Brethren of the said Hospital to raise Money on the Security of the Estates thereof in order to provide for the Reception of additional Brethren therein. (q. P.)

[20th July 1813.]

Cap. ccxiv.

An Act for extending and amending an Act of Queen Anne, for making the River Cham more navigable, from Clayhithe Ferry to the Queen's Mill, in the County of Cambridge.

[21st July 1813 ]

[1 Ann. Stat. 2. c. 11.]

Cap. ccxv.

An Act to enable the Norwich Union Society for the Insurance of Lives and Survivorships, to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to be sued in the Names of their Directors, Treasurers and Secretary.

[21st July 1813.]

Cap. ccxvi.

An Act to enable the Norwich Union Society for Insurance against Loss by Fire, to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to be sued in the Names of their Directors, Treasurers and Secretary.

[21st July 1813.]

[INDEX removed.]

