712 C.i — iv. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 1816.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N. B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are Temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i.e. to the End of the next session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c. from the passing of the Act.

(f} For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:
---
"And be it further enacted, That this Act Mkted " and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be jufatyafo " Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and otkn, eiki* being specially pleaded."

Cap. i.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of TwoA&ofHj present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chafdontkhsh in the County of Oxford> to Bourton on the Hilh «the Canty u Gloucester.

[2 zd Merck 1816.

Cap. ii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of in Ad of B present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Saint Math ford Baron to Kettering9 and from Oundle to MiddIetnU\ in the County of Northampton.

[aid Merck 181S.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Adirfft present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road fraeur-ter's Bridge^ in the Parish of Chatteris, within the IJk of ft , a the County of Cambridge, to the Forty Feet Bridge, inueW of Ramsey9 in the County of Huntingdon.

[aid March llik]

Cap. iv.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty first Year of His prd^ Majesty, for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between

Cott^l

56° GEO. III. C. xiv. — xx.

725

Cap. xiv*

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Prest on Can-dover to Bqfing»toke9 and from thence to Alton, in the County of Southampton [nth April 1816.]

[Former Tollt to cease, and new Tolls granted.']

Cap. XV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Nantwieh, to Wheelock Wharfs in the Township of Samdkach, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[11th April 1816.] [Additional Tollt on Sunday.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the High Street in the Town of Stouroridge, in the County of Wor» teller, to the Boundary Stone between the Parish of Worfield and the Liberties of the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop.

[nth April 1816.]

Cap. xviL

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport9 in the County of Chester* to the End of Guide Lane % in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned in the said Counties, and in the County of York / and for making a new Road from the said Road in Bredbury, to the Bridge over the River Mer/ey at jPortwood, near the Town of Stockportv (4)

[11th April 1816.] [One Toll and One half Toll on Sundays9 except for Milk.]

Cap. xviiw

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Twenty Mile Stone, on Egham Hill, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windltsham % in the same County, (a) [11th April 1816.]

[Theft Fear A fit are previeafty repeated tty

Cap. xix.

An Act for erecting a new Gaol and Court House in the Burgh of Ayr, in the Shire of Ayr.

[30th April 1816.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for the Incorporation of The Highland Society of London $ for the better Management of the Funds of the Society; and for rendering its Exertions more extensive and beneficial to the Public.

[aid May 1816.]

WHEREAS in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, many Noblemen and Gentlemen connected with the Highlands and Islands of Scotland, with the View of

efUbli/hing and supporting Schools in the Highlands, and in the

35O.3.

C. CXXXTttt.

44 0.3. gjuuv. repealed.

X O. % . Stat % . c.6.

i % G.a. c. 16.

3 G.3.C47 3 xG. 3. cerate, repealed.

49 G. 3. c.lviii.1

7*6

66* GEO.IIT.

JLD.181*

Northern Parts of Great Britain; for relieving distressed Highlanders at a Distance from tkeir Native Homes; for prefernig

the Antiquities; and lefeuing from Oblivion the valuable Reftnahp

of Celtic Literature, and for promoting the Improvement ad

general Welfare of the Northern Parts of Great Britain, fonpri themselves into a Society, called The Highland Society mf London: 4 And Whereas the said Society has raised a considerable Sum of Money by Subscription, and has applied the same agreeably to the Plan of their Institution, and by f^ch Subscription have acquired Sufficient Funds to carry into Effect the.Purposes aforesaid: Acd Whereas those PurpoSes cannot be fully effected, nor the Funds be properly Secured and applied, without the Authority of Parfement : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, a&d

Corporation in- say the Authority of the same. That His Royal Highness Frederick

Uituted for the £>uke Of jramj Albany, His Royal Highness Edward Duke c:

Kent and Stratheam, His Royal Highness Augufius Frederick Dab of Sussex and Earl of Inverness, Archibald Duke of Hamilton and jSrandon, Charier William Duke of Buccleugh and Queen&errj, Alexander Duke of Gordon George William Duke of Argyll*Jcba Duke of At holly James Duke of Montrofey George Marqui' cf Twee daley George Marquis of Stafford, John Marquis of Butt, Alexander Lord Dutton commonly called Marquis of Douglas and Clyde/dale; George Lord Gordon commonly called Marquis <* Huntly; Hugh Earl of Eglintoun, Archibald Earl of CaffUlis, Fraeu 'Earl of Moray, John Earl of Strathmore, Thomas Earl of Thomas Earl of Kinnoull, George Earl of Dalhoufie, Thomas Earl of Selkirk, William Earl of Northejk, Alexander Earl of Ba/carras, George Earl of Ahoyne, John Earl of Breadcdhane, George Earl of Aberdeen, George Earl of Dunmore, George Earl of Glasgow, Charles Earl of Harrington, William Earl of Mansfield, James Earl of Fife, Francis Earl of Moira, James Earl of Rofslyn, William Earl Caik-cart, the Right Honourable Archibald Hamilton commonly called Cord Archibald Hamilton; the Right Honourable John Dongle: Edward Henry Campbell commonly called Lord John Douglas Edward Henry Campbell; the Right Honourable Frederick Campbell commonly called Lord Frederick 'Campbell; the Right Honourable James Murray commonly called Lord James Murrey; the Right Honourable George William Coventry commonly called Viscount Deerhurfi; the Right Honourable Thomas Cochrane commonly called Lord Cochrane; the Right Honourable John Campbell commonly called Viscount Glenorcby; James Ochonear Lord Forbes, Alexander George Lord Saltoun, Robert Walter Lord Blantyre, Eric Lord Reay, Alexander Lord Elibank, Charles Lord Ktnnaird, Thomas Lord Dundas, John Lord Cawdor, Alexander Lord Macdonald, the Honourable William Maule of Panmure, the Honourable Alexander Duff, the Honourable Peter Robert Drummond Burred, the Right Honourable Sir William Grant Knight, Master of the Rolls; the Right Honourable Sir John Sinclair of Ulbfier, Baronet; the Right Honourable Sir Archibald Macdonald of Eafi Sheen, Baronet; the Right Honourable Sir Charles Stuart, Knight; the Sight Honourably Sir William Drummed of ^ogiealm&d, Knight;

56° GEO. IIIc

the Right Honourable William Dundau, the Right Honourable Wilr Horn Adam, William Macleod Bannatynt Esquire, one of the Senators of the College of Justice; the Honourable Hugh Arbuthnot, the Honourable Warwick Lake, the Honourable William Frqfer» Major General the Honourable Godfrey Bofville9 the Honourable Archibald Macdonald, the Honourable Dudley Macdonald9 Lieutenant General the Honourable Sir John Abercrombie, Knight Sir James Cockbum of Langton, Baronet) Sir Munroof FouHsf Baronet; Sir Gordon Sinclair of Stevenfton and Murklef Baronet; Sir

Neil Menzies of that Ilk9 Baronet; Sir William Cunningham of Capringtonf Baronet; Sir Alexander Grant of Dalvey, Baronet; Sir John Sinclair of Dunheath, Baronet; Sir James Myles Ryddell of Ardnamurchan and Sunart9 Baronet; Sir John Maepherson of Renys Baronet; Sir John Murray Mac Gregor of Lanrick9 Baronet; Sir Walter Farqubar of Gilmerfcroft9 Baronet $ Sir Alexander Mac* donald Lockhart of Lee and Camwath, Baronet; Sir William Fraser of Leadclune9 Baronet; Sir JEneas Mackintosh of that Ilk9 Baronet; Lieutenant General Sir Thomas Hijlop of Totbilli Baronet; Sir Ewen Cameron of Fafsfem9 Baronet; General Sir George Beck* with9 Knight; Major General Sir Alan Cameron of Erracbt* Knight; Major General Sir William Inglis9 Knight; Major General Sir Denis Pack9 Knight; Major General Sir Colquboun Grants Knight; Colonel Sir John Maclean9 Knight; Colonel Sir Neil Campbell of Duntroon % Knight; Colonel Sir Colin Campbells Knight; Sir Alexander Mackenzie of Avoch9 Knight; Sir William Paxtons Knight; the Honourable Sir Thomas Strange of Madras % Knight; Lieutenant Colonel Sir George Elder, Knight; Sir John Downu9 Knight; Andrew Adair Younger of Balhails Esquire; Major Agnew, ' Madras Army; Grant Allan of Gower Street9 in the County of Middlesex9 Esquire; Grant Allan the Younger of Gower Streets in the County of Middlesex9 Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel William Charles Alfion9 William Anderson of Ruffe I Square9 in the County of Middlesexj Esquire; Gcorre Arbuthnot of Madras9 Esquire; Nathaniel Atchefon of Chapel Plaee9 Duke Streets Westminster9 Esquire; General James Balfour9 James Balfour of Blunian9 Esquire; Captain Balmain9 Madras Army; JEneas Barkly of Lime Street Square9 in the City of London % Esquire; Thomas Bells Esquire^ one of the Sheriffs of the City of London; John Hepburn Belfchet of Invermay9 Esquire; John Binny of Madras9 Esquire; John Binny of Madras9 Esquire, Junior; Phineas Bond of Baker Streets in the County of Middlesex9 Esquire; William Douglas Brodie of Madrass Esquire; Alexander Brodie of ArnhaU9 Esquire; Isaac Hawkins Browne of South Audley Streets in the County of Middlesex* Esquire; Lieutenant General Archibald Browne9 John Brown of John Streets Adelphty in the County of Middlesex9 Esquire; John Brown of Upper Grovefnor Streets in the County of Middlfcse* Esquire; Patrick Crauford Bruce of Glenelgs Esquire: P. Bruce of Madrass Esquire; Captain Thomas Buchanans Eqfl India Service; John Burnett of Countefwells9 Esquire; Adam Cameron of Surinam* Esquire; Donald Cameron of Lochiels Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel Duncan John Comeron9 Tunbridge; Lieutenant John Camerons Madras Army; Captain John Cameron9 East India Service; Peter Cameton Younger of Fafsfern9 Esquire; Major General William Neville Camerons General Alexander Campbell of Minnies Alenr

3' A 4 a nder

C.xi.

56° GEO. III.

Aid

ing required to carry Questiou replied.

Future General and Special General Assemblies.

Provision re-foeding Proxies for move than Five Shares repealed.

Proxies may be given for Five Votes.

Committee' cle&ed in the Room of thoTe going out of Office by Rotation to be in Office Three Yean.

Acts of Directors defied by Committee valid.

any Rated General Assembly s And Whereas the Cud Prods c have been found inconvenient ; Be it therefore ended, Thai said Provisiona shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the paS of this Act, any General or Special General Assembly of the C Company which shall have been convened in manner directed by t said first recited Act, shall be competent to proceed to the Did lion and Determination of any Question, Matter or thing vii shall be duly brought forward, without Reference to the M of Shares possessed by the Members present, either as Priodp4a Proxies, any thing in the said first recited Act to the cootnrytkm in any wise notwithstanding; and that every Questjoo, Mata i thing which shall be proposed, difeuffed or tonfidered at fad 0 neral or Special General Assembly of the said Company, ikJ I determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then prdbc, cob puting the Votes in the Proportions as to the Number of fort directed by the said first recital Act.

VIII. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act odd

that no Person shall give of deliver in Proxies for more thaFm

Shares: And Whereas the said Provision has been U aas

venientBe it therefore enacted. That the said Provision dull be and the same is hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That at all future (W* Special General Assemblies of the said Company, anyftoptk* uj give in Proxies for Five. Votes and no more.

X. Aijd be it further enacted, That whenever ay tftbe fad Committee or Court of Direction shall go out of Office adeito be upon the Committee or Court of Direction of thefadCospm, the Persons who shall from time to time be elected in their Room«Stead shall continue in Office for the full Term of Three Years, (a* cept in case of Death, or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be quahfid m manner by the said first recited Act directed, or being itsaed tr displaced by the said Company at any General Assembly ordeal General Assembly convened for that Purpose, ) and no longer; vs thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary thereof iaioyn notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the AftsaodPraedif of the Person or Persons appointed by the Committee or Cost a Direction, by virtue of the said first recited Act, to be i Mate* the said Committee or Court of Direction in the Room or torii any Member or Members of the said Committee of Court of k rection, who shall die or refuse to act in the Execution of th fid recited Acts and this Act, or who shall cease to be ombfiedams* ner by the said first redted Act directed, or shall hold ayfa Office, Employment or Contract under the said Company, V*and be deemed to have been valid and effectual to all Irt* d Purposes, notwithstanding the Election of such Person or^shall not be confirmed by the said Company of Proprietors next General or Special General Assembly after Inch Eleffins by the said Committee or Court of Direction.

XII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Validity^ ( Election of certain Members of the Committee or Court of D* 4 rection* and of certain Proceedings of the find Company*Committee or Court of Direction, in consequence or tbcG*^

56° GEO. III.

Cxi.

718

the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, together with the Accumulations thereof will be sufficient to finish and complete the said Bridge, then the said Trusteet, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to transfer the same to the said Company, or as they shall direct, any thing in the said fird recited Act to the contrary thereof in anywise not with funding; and the said Sum when so transferred by virtue of this Act, or a competent Part thereof, shall be forthwith applied in fkishing and completing the said intended Bridge, and no Part thereof fhafi be hud out or expended in the Streets and other Works authorized by the said recited A ft8 and this Act, or in the Purchase of Houses, Lands or Hereditaments for that Purpose, or otherwise howsoever, until and unless the said intended Bridge, and every Part thereof, shall be fully completed and fmilhed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That lb much of the said first recited Act as requires the said Company to construd convenient Stone Stairs and Plying Places on each Side of each End of the said Bridge for the Use of the Watermen and Wherry men rowing on the River Thames, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, and they are hereby required to construd at each End of the said Bridge, One convenient Plying Place or Flight of Stone Stairs, of not less than Sixteen Feet in Width, for the Use of the said Watermen and Wherry men; but nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the said Company from constructing such Stone Stairs or Plying Places on each Side of each End of the said Bridge, if they shall deem it proper and advisable so to do.

XXII. And Whereas the Width of the Access to the said Bridge on the North Side thereof, from Thames Street in the City

of London, is not specified and directed in the said first recited Act,

and it is expedient that the same should be made broad and conve* 4 nient Be it therefore enacted, That the said Company of Propri. etors shall and they are hereby required, within the Period limited for the Completion of the said Bridge, Streets and Works by the said first recited Act, to make and construd the said Access of the full Width of Sixty (ix Feet for the Length of One hundred and forty Feet, to be roeafured from the North Abutment of the said Bridge, and of the full Width of Fifty three Feet from the End of such One hundred and forty Feet to Thames Street aforesaid.

XXIII. And Whereas it is by the said firffc recited Act enacted, that Satisfaction should be made for the Value of Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by the making and completing the Works therein directed and authorized to be made, either in gross Sums or by annual Rents, (except in cades of Spiritual persons, to whom Compensation for Glebe and Tythes should be made in manner therein directed, ) as should be agreed upon between the said Company of Proprietors and the Parties interested: And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the (hid first recifed Ad as authorizes the Payment of such Recompeace or Satisfaction by annual* Rents should be repealed Be it therefore enacted. That so much of the said foil recited Act as authorizes any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and Tenant and Tenants for Life, and Tenant and Tenants

in

Clause a* to Two Plying Places at each End of Bridge repealed.

Company required to con-ftruft One Plying Place at each End of Bridge.

Width of Street.

Repealing Provision for making Satis&dion for Damages, &c. by annual Rents.

Cxi.

£6* GEO. III.

mn

Directing further Proceeding In Adioos for CaUi.

Prorifionre-- fpodting invtft-

ing 30*000!. repealed.

As to the Return of the Sum of ^OfOooL

such only at shall be expressly directed to be done aadeuentrit General or Special General Assembly of the bad Company.

XVII. And be k farther enacted. That in aHA&iouta! brought or commenced by the said Company aninft any Prior Persont for any Call or Call* heretofore, or which shall be tad made upon the Shares in the said Undertaking, the Prodo&w the Register Book directed to be kept by the said first noted A shall be Evidence upon the Trial that the Defendant or Defect* in such Action was or were the Owner or Otraert, Propnttr ( Proprietor! of such and so many Share or Shares as in the fin Register Book shall be expressed, and on such Trial it Qnfi at \ necessary to prove the Appointment of the Committee or Co art ( Direction who made such Call or Calls, or any other Mate «h soever than ia required by the said first recited Act to be prod and that in all such Adiona, if a Verdict shall be fend fer tbefin Company, the said Company shall be also entitled to recover tkfe of Twenty Shillings for every Share held by such DefendahrA fondants for and in respect of each and every Call for vbidbfed Verdict shall be found, over and above the Amount of the fcdC& at and for the Forfeiture for the Non Payment of the fend Cilh an tioned and imposed in and by the said first recited Act.

XVIII. And Whereat it it by the bud first recited Act ended

that before any Lands, Houses, Tenements, WharhorHemb-

meats shall be ourchafed or taken by virtue of tbeltaiofthr

bud Ad, and before the said Bridge, Streets or Ato top

should be began to be erected, widened or made, fottCapT 4 should invest in the Three Pounds per Cenhm Co^oWln Annuities, in the Names of certain Trustees, the SandTWn 4 thousand Pounds, for the Purposea therein mrabowd:

Whereas the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds has taxi vested according to the Directions of the said Aftj And WW 4 it is by the said Act further enacted, that when it should appmftj the bud Trustees that the said Bridge and Streets, and the Vto connected therewith, should be so far erected and made, tkib said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, and the Accnnakw thereof, would be sufficient to finish the said Brito Stmts a 4 Works, then the said Trustees should transfer the same to tiea Company to be applied for that Purpose: And Whems tbefin

Provision may prove highly inconvenient to the said Compey; Be it therefore enacted. That so much of the bud Act tsM^ when and as soon as it should appear to the Satisfaction of A Trustees for the time being, or the Majority of them, tk tkal Bridge and Streets, and the Works connected therewith, Mlb so for erected, built and made, that the bud Sum of Money b vested in the Three Pounds per Cenhm Consolidated Bui A to as thereinbefore directed, together with the Accumuhtiou, sd be sufficient to finish and complete the bud Bridge, Stated Works, then the foid Trustees mould, and they were thereby ask rized and required to transfer the same to the fod Company at fa prietors, or as they should direct to be applied for that Pnrpofc be and the some is hereby repealed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That when sad at fall appear to the Trustees in the foid first recited Act meto or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Majority of then, 5

A.D. 1816.

56 GEO. III.

C.xx.

Younger of Barra, Esquire, Captain Twenty third Dragoons; Duncan Macpb erf on of Chsny, Esquire; James Maepherson of Belleville, Esquire; Major General Lachlan Macquarrie, Governor of New South Wales; Malcolm Mac queen of Ridgemont, in the County of Bedford, Esquire; Thomas Potter Mac queen. Younger of Ridge-mont, Esquire; Alexander Macrae, Esquire, of Clarendon, Jamaica f Alexander Macrae, Esquire, of Demerara; Major Colin Macrae, late? of the Seventy fifth Regiment; Colin Macrae, Esquire of Demerara; Colin Macrae of Furnivats Inn, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; John Macrae, Esquire, Bengal; Kenneth Murchifon Macrae of that Ilk, Esquire? William Mactaggart, Esquire, Madras; Colonel Alexander Mair, Deputy Governor Fort Saint George; Neil Malcolm of Poltalloch, Esquire; Marmaduhe William Constable Max-well of Nithfdale, Esquire; David Milligan of Wimfole Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Robert Milligan of Wimpole Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Alexander Milne of Whitehall Place, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; William Mitchell of Harley Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; General James Montgomerie; Major Alexander Morrison, Gunners-bury House, Brentford; John morrison of Auebintoul, Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel William Morrison, Madras Army; Robert Muir of Milden Hall, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire 5 Lieutenant Donald Munro, Eighty sixth Regiment; George Gun Munro of Grenada, Esquire ; . Hugh Munro ofTanntnich, Esquire; Lieutenant Colouel Robert Munro of Livingstone, Colonel Thomas Munro, Madras Army; Walter Kofs Munro of Seymour Place, Esquire 5 William Munro of Thames Street, in the City of London, Esquire; Colonel Murray, Madras Army; Colonel Alexander Mac Gregor Murray, Evan John Mac Gregor Murray of Glencaimaig, Esquire; Honourable L. G. H. Murray, Madras; Colonel Robert Mac Gregor Murray, William Murray, Esquire, Barbadoes; Colonel Ogg, Madras Army; James Ogilvie, Esquire; John Ogilvie, Esquire, Canada; John Hugh D. Ogilvie, Esquire, Madras; Captain Patullo, Madras Army; Lieutenant Archibald Paxton, Eleventh Dragoons; Major Prendergajl, Madras Army; Charles Rait of Fenchurch Street, Esquire; Andrew Reid of Russell Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Lieutenant Riddell, Madras Army; Andrew Robertson, of Gerrard Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Colin Robertson of Russell Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Divie Robertson of Bedford Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire 5 Lieutenant Colonel Donald Robert* son, Ebenezer Robertson of Lincoln's Inn Fields, Esquire; Francis Robertson of Lincoln's Inn Fields, Esquire; Colonel W. Philip Col-year Robertson, Captain John Rojfe, East India Service; Alexander Ross of Cromarty, Esquire; Gilbert Saltoun, Esquire, Bermuda; Andrew Scott, Esquire, Madras; Captain Hugh Scott, Madras Army; Captain John Scott, Madras Army; Angus Shaw, Esquire,

Suebec; Gcddet Mackenzie Simfon of Tower Street, in the County of fiddlesex, Esquire; Alexander Sinclair, Esquire, Madras; Captain Alexander Skene, Royal Navy; Andrew Smith Skene, Esquire; William Smith, Esquire; John Spottifwoode of that Ilk, Esquire; Alexander Stewart of Bonfkeid, Esquire; Alexander Stewart, Esquire, Madras; Major Alexander Stewart, Colonel David Stewart, Garth; Robert Stewart, Esquire, Haddington; Robert Stewart, Esquire,

C.xL

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Three Diradon may give Re* ceipts for Pur-fhafe Money of Lands refold.

Power to lease Tolls for not more than Three Years.

Repeal ef CUuft far Tolls to be -id once a Dav,

in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years deteraiwble a a Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, Eipel ancy or otherwise, and all Feoffees in Trtift, Executon, Admrdi tors. Femes Covert, Hu/bands, Guardians, Committees, T rda and all and every other Person or Persons, who shall be fried, pi fefTed of or interfiled in any Lands, Grounds, Buildings, Hoaf Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, through, in or spoo vta the said Bridge and the Streets and Avenues thereto, and Works, are thereby authorized to be built, made and cooftnHl accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Goal Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, all the Damages to be sustained by the making and coopletisgi Works thereby authorized to be made, by annual Rents n oal thereby directed, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cafawbaftti Company shall sell and dispose of any Lands, Grounds, Eredn Buildings, Houses, Wharfs, Tenements or Hereditaments, Mhi not be wanted for the Purposes of the said recited AdsandthiAfi it shall be lawful for any Three of the said Committee orConU Direction to iign and give Receipts for the Money for winch tkhl shall be sold; and such Receipts shall have the like Force ad Ul as if the same had been signed by the Treasurer or Tiafaenfari time being to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of deli first recited Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Cospfy* their Committee or Court of Direction, shall have Ifltonal Authority, after giving Fourteen Days' Notice in Vfah&ak affixed on all the Turnpike Gates which shall then be otfitriky virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, sad vtatibg ft same Twice in some Newspaper, published or ctrcnkd in theft of London, from time to time, to lease and demise the ToQs ptf by the said first recited Act and this Act, or any Pvt vM thereof, for any Term or Terms of Yean not exceeding TbtcM at any one time, for the bed Price that can be gotten for the fa payable at such times and tinder such Covenants as they tk I Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, flail tinkl they the said Company having a Counterpart of sech Lok l Leases, Demise or Demises, and taking such other fuffidest Seed from the Person or Persons to whom any such Tolls shall be km or demised, for Payment of the Rents and Performance of the Oi venaets to be referred and comprised in such Lease or Lesfes, ft mise or Demises, as the said Company, or their Committee or CmI of Direction, shall think fit.

XXVI. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act enfid

that no Person having Occasion to pass through any Tnnpk* 4 Toil Bar, where Toll should be taken by virtue of the

with any Coach or other Carriage, Horse or other Cattle,

should return the same Day through the same Turnpike <* M

Bar, with the same Coach or other Carriage, Horse or other (A 4 for which such Toll shall have been paid, be liable to pijflft her or .their Return the said Toll at such Turnpike or Toil ft: 4 And Whereas it is expedient that the said Prorifioa Ihouldk* 4 pealed Be it therefore enacted. That the find Pronto ft* and the same is hereby repealed.

XXVII.

56° GEO. III. C.xx.

7^

that Simon Mac Gillivray* Divie Robertson* and Jama Hamilton*

Esquires, shall be, and they are hereby appointed the Treasurert of the said Corporation; and that Simon Mac GilYtvray, and James Hamilton* Esquires, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Secretaries of the same; and that Grant Allan, Alexander Grant, and Colin Robertson, Esquires, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Auditors of the same; and that Colin Macrae, Esquire, shall be, and he is hereby appointed the Deputy Secretary of the same; and that the Reverend William Mackenzie and Roderick Macleod* Doctor of Divinity, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Chaplains of the same; and that the said several Officers shall continue in their respective Offices until the Twenty fird Day of March, which shall be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and that the Who may com-said President, or in his Absence One or more of the Vice Presidents, pose a General or of the Treasurers, with any Twelve or more of the Members of Court, the said Corporation; or in the Absence of the President, all the Vice Presidents and Treasurers, any Fifteen or more of the Members of the said Corporation, shall compose a General Court; and that General the First General Court shall be holden on the Third Saturday in May* Court, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, at such House or Place as the said Corporation shall then occupy or use for carrying on the Business of the same, and shall then, and from time to time, be adjourned to such House or Place as, for the time being, shall be so occupied or used, or to such other Place as they shall deem expedient, (due Notice being given thereof as hereinafter mentioned, ) at such time or times as the said Court shall think necessary, for the due Execution of this Act; and that a General Court of the said General Court*. Corporation shall be holden Four times at lead in every Year, that is to say, on the Third Saturday in the Month of February, the Twenty fird Day of March, the Third Saturday in the Month of April* and the Third Saturday in the Month of May; and, in case the said Twenty fird Day of March should happen to fall on a Sunday or Good Friday, then, and in that case, the said General Court shall be holden on the Twenty second, the Day immediately following; and Notice of each such General Courts mall be given in Two of the Public Newspapers, Ten Days at lead before the holding of every such Court; and whenever Occasion shall require, a Special General Special General Court shall be holden by Order of the Committee Courts, of Directors, or the major Part of them assembled at any of their Meetings, or upon the Requisition of any Nine of the Members, signified in Writing to any One of the Secretaries for the time being, and subscribed by such Members, upon the like Notice thereof being given Ten Days at lead before the holding of the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Persons desirous of be- Members to ba coming Members of the said Society, shall be proposed at one of the proposed at Ge-General or Special General Meetings of the same, or at any Meeting J*fral or Specwl of the Committee of Directors, and at no other time, by Two Mem- Gener41 Court*; bers of the said Society, who shall insert in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, the Name and Place of Abode of such Person, together with their own Name; and that each of the Persons so proposed,

shall be severally put in Nomination at the next enfiling General or Special General Court; and that the Members then present, shall and to b« elected proceed to a Bailot, and such Persons shall be delared to be duly by Ballot. elected as shall appear to be approved of by Three Parts in Four of

tho

c.jd.

5B° GEO. III

JLD.HU

728

Compensatiaa to the Commissioners of the Clink Pare, meets confirmed.

distraining to retain the same, or the Money arising by thebd thereof, Tas the case may happen, ! until the Amount of fochld and the Charges of making such Distress, and of keeping and the same, (haul be ascertained by Come Justice of the Peace of J County, Town or Place wherein such Dispute shall happen, d upon Application to him made for that Purpose, shall examine I matter upon the Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Wind f which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to adzninider, } a mall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, anditMbeiai for such Justice to aflefa and award such Coib to be paid bjdh of the Parties to the other as he shall think fit and reasonabk; nil case of Non Payment thereof on Demand, such Coih shall be bd by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Partjhdl to pay the same by Warrant under the Hand of such Mice, j 4

XXXI. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act radd that the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Coi

of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for theme lew should pay or cause to be paid to the Commissioixn appoEtedfi carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Twenty fcrth Te« 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cksnfiag, sghdM

and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Mwis Places within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called ft ffl or Bishop of IPincbeftePs Liberty in the Parish of Sat fasq Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and for other tfrP&psfil therein mentioned, such annual Sum and Sums of Jfirrnar

expressed in and by the said first hereinbefore read Ad,» 4 Equivalent for the Loss the said Commissioners migkfatyk, Non Payment of the Rates or AfTefftnents in thelaidkinctd 4 A St mentioned: And Whereas since the passing of the id id recited Act, the said Act of the Twenty sixth Yeir of HajwU 4 Majesty's Reign has been repealed, and another Act was pz^di i lieu and stead thereof, in the Fifty second Year of the

intituled An Act for better paving, cleaning, lighting taiszS* 4 the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Plata «&*9Manor of Southwark, other wise called The Clink, er I

Winchester'x Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Sootinv in the County of Surrey Be it therefore enacted, TkiUk and Sums of Money diieded by the said farft recited Act to be pi to the said Commissioners for carrying the said Act into Execfflai the Twenty sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, shall bepuil payable to the Commissioners appointed to cany into Execttwi said Act of the Fifty second Year of the said Reign, or totbrCdh le&or or Receiver, or Collectors or Receivers ddy appointed and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, as an Equinkotsl in lieu of such Rates or Assessments, in like manner to ft !» and Purposes as the same are payable to the said first scari Commissioners; and that the said Commissioners for ama$ tk said Act of the Fifty second Year of the said Reign into and their Collector or Receiver, Collectors or Recovers, hi tfl the same Powers and Authorities for demanding, recovasg I receiving the said Sum and Sums of Moneyas are veiled in the I first mentioned Commissioners in and by the saud first rerited A&d Parliament*

XHIlIk

A.D. 1619,

- «e°GEa hi.

Gx*.

133

Use and Application thereof; and to make; ordain and eonstitute such and (o many Bye Laws, Constitutions and Ordinances, as to them, or the greater Number of them then and there presect, shall seem necessary and convenient, touching or in anywise concerning the Affairs and Business, and the better governing, regulating, ordering and managing of the said hereby erected Corporation, and of the Officers, Servants and Persons employed in and about the Affairs thereof; and for auditing the Accounts of the said Corporation; and the lame Bye Laws, Constitutions and Ordinances so made, to put in use and enforce accordingly, and at their Will and Pleafttre to reyoke, change and alter the same or any Part of them; which said Bye Laws, Constitutions and Ordinances which shall be so made as aforesaid, shall be duly kept and observed, provided that the same be reasonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Cuiloms or Laws of the United Kingdom, or to any thing in this Act contained.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That no such Bye Law, Rule, or Or- No Bye Law

dinance shall be binding, or have any Force or Effect, until the fame unlefa

shall have been agreed to and confirmed by the next succeeding confirmed by* General Court, whether Quarterly or Extraordinary, and that the encra ourt* Same Method shall be observed in altering or repealing any such Bye

Laws, Rules, Orders or Ordinances.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Perfom in whose all and every Person and Persons in whose Name or Names any Sum Nanfies

or Stuns of Money, Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Mortgages, Secu- ^twntfer and* rities for Money or other Effects whatsoever, shall at the time of assign the same passing this Act Hand, or be secured, the beneficial Interest wherein to the Corpor-tefpeSively shall belong to the said Society hereby incorporated, shall at, oa» forthwith, after the passing of this Act, transfer and assign the same respectively, so and in such manner as that the same shall be veiled in the hereby erected Corporation, by the Name, Style and Title hereinbefore mentioned and enacted.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Power to Trea-it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Treasurers for the time forer*, with Con. being of the said hereby erected Corporation, and they are hereby fenl of .Conlmlt* authorized and required from time to time, by and with the Consent j^in^he and Approbation of the Committee of Directors thereof for the time Fundi, being, or the major Part of such Committee present at any of their Meetings, to lay out and invest all or any such Sum or Sums of

Money as have or hath been, or shall hereafter be given, devised or bequeathed by any charitable or well disposed Person or Persons, to and for the said Ends, Intents and Purposes in this Act mentioned, or any Part thereof, other than and except such and so much thereof, as the Exigencies of the said Corporation shall call for the immediate Application or Expenditure of, in any of the Public Funds, in the Name of the said hereby erected Corporation.

IX. And it is hereby enacted and declared. That the Dividends, Dividends to be Interest and Annual Proceeds, which shall from time to time arise applied for the from the Funds and Securities belonging, or which shall at any ^wpof«of this time belong to the said hereby erected Corporation, shall from time

to time be applied to and for the Ufts, Ends, Intents and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Questfons upon, the Pro* Questiom to be feedings of the said Corporation at any General Court or Committee decided. by Vote,

724

C.xiii.

WGEO.IIL

The Theatre to be kept open for alimited time.

Public Act.

LBlSli

4 of Surrey, at the last Michaelmas Quarter Session for tlx*Country muted their Licence to the then Tenants or Ocapij wf the said Theatre, pursuant to the Directions of the ^id Act' < public Music and Dancing in the (kid Theatre for Ok Year; I 4 the said Tenants or Occupiers9 Interest in the said Tbeitir t 4 ptring cm the Twenty fifth Day of March, in the prefect Year Q 4 thouund eight hundred and sixteen, and the fnd Theatre A 4 coming into the PofieSon of the fiud Temple West} the £nd Teai or Occupiers cannot use the said Licence after that Day: Ai 4 Whereas the said Tenants or Occupier* have refused totruari said Licence to the said Temple West, or to allow hzn to ded same from the Cud Twenty fifth Day of March One thoafaoded hundred and sixteen, till the next Michaelmas Quarter Sdbai the said County of Surrey e And Whereat by the fed Ad 4 Licence under the same, for the Purposes therein maboed, a 4 be granted by the Justices of the Peace for the said Coast/

4 other time but at the Michaelmas Quarter Session*: AdWka it will be attended with great Loss and Inconvenience bo de la Temple West, if the said Theatre be not opened hr tk sfeq Seaton, whereby his Property in the same will becone of ca siderable left Value, and much deteriorated; ' It n Mm os dient that the said Temple Wftfhouid be allowed tokeepopeetkai Theatre, for public Music and Dancing only^ for the twbmsBzfea mentioned $ bat, by reason of the Circdmftancet afarehii ud of da Restrictions contained in the said Act, the (ameaaotk&e without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Mzyt Mr please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it o&bv The Ring9* Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adns m Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commooi, act present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of tlx (a That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty3! Jafekai the Peace for the said County, at the next or any subseqratQusI Sessiona to be holden in and for the said County, or for any Twi His Majesty's Justicea of the Peace for the said County, atbes or any liiblequent Petty Sessiona to be holden in and for the! County, or for the Liberty or Division in which the said Theme situate, at their Discretion to grant a Licence to the fad TttfJ to keep open the said Theatre, called The Royal Cimt or to Theatre, situate in the said Parish of Saint Getrn, SutM the said County of Surrey, for public Music and Daacmkii Day of the Date of such last mentioned Licence ad tlx a Michaelmas Quarter Sessiona of the Peace to be holden a act the said County of Surrey, in such and the fine Miner, a subject to the lame Rules, Regulations, Condition and Fedn as if the said Theatre were kept open for public Mac*Dancing under and by virtue of the dud Licence first Meta mentioned.

II. And he R further enacted, That this Act flwdl be taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taka Nooctol i such by all Judges, Justices and others, without bdsg fpd| pleaded*

A.D. 18I*.

56ft GEO. III.

Cxx,

737

the same, then and in each and every such case, such Justices shall Upon Conviction, commit the Party offending1, to the Common Gaol of the County of Middlesex, or the City of London, or of such' County as the said Society shall for the time being be situated in, there to remain without .Bail or Mainprize until he, (he or they, shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he, (he or they, shall have compounded and agreed with the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, and until he, (he or they, shall have paid such Composition Money, which Composition the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make and receive: Provided always, that no Officer or Person who shall be so committed for want of sufficient Distress, shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Bpace of time than Six Calendar Months.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Treasurers for the time being of the said Corporation, shall give in their Accounts from time to time, when required either by the Committee of Directors at any of their Meetings, or at a General Court, there to be examined and allowed or dif-allowed; and shall pay over all the Monies remaining in their Hands, and transfer all or any Funds which may at any time be (landing in* their Names as Treasurers as aforesaid, to the Treasurers immediately succeeding them, on Demand by such succeeding Treasurers, with the Authority of the Committee, or of the General Court at which succeeding Treasurers shall be elected or appointed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herfeif or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, City or Place within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise, next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen; the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days* Notice at lead, of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against; and forthwith after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Award and Order of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and Recognizance entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of fuen Appeal in a summary way, and to make such Determination therein, -and to award such Coda to either of the Parties or otherwise, as-they the said Justices shall Judge proper; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be binding, final and conclusive to* and upon all Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced, against any Person or Persons, for any' thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premifeg, pr any of them, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought' vrithin Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Suit or A.dk>n shall have arisen, in the County where the Cause of fuqh> 56 Geo. III. 3 B Action

Imprisonment.

Proviso si to Duration of Imprisonaaent.

Treasurers to account to the Committee, or at a General Court.

Appeal

Cofti.

Limitation of Actions.

C.xx«

6e° geo. irr.

its

mm

Northern Parts of Great Britain; for relieving distrefW H landers at a Distance from their Native Homes $ for prefer

the Antiquities, and refeuing from Oblivion the vahuble Res

of Celtic Literature, and for promoting the Improvcm:

general Welfare of the Northern Parts of Great Bate*, for themselves into a Society, called The Highland Society #/ Lm 4 And Whereas the said Society has raised a confidence Sii Money by Subscription, and has applied the same agreeabh to

Plan of their Institution, and by fqch Subscription have aqcc

sufficient Funds to carry into Eneft the.Purposes afordai: A

Whereas those Purposes cannot be fully effested, nor the pL*is 4 properly secured and applied, without the Authority of Pd ment : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it out enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most ExceDeat Mid by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spki i Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a

Corporation in- by the Authority of the same, That His Royal Higbefe Fnltri llituttd for the X)uke of Tori and Albany, His Royal Highnefi jEdwrJDuei Purposet of t Kent and Straihearn, His Royal Highness Augujins Frcdemi Di)

of Suffix and Earl of Inyernefs, Archibald Duke of Hmixv jBrandon, Charles William Duke of Buccleugh ad fyunju*. Alexander Duke of Gordon, George William Duke of Jmv, Jd Duke of Atboll\ James Duke of Montrose, Gwyt c

Twee dale, George Marquis of Stafford, John liuqit of M Alexander Lord Dutton commonly called Marquis d&qkc.1. Clydtfdale; George Lord Gordon commonly cahed Mar^tii t! Hnntly; Hugh Earl of Eglintoun, Archibald Earl of Cefk, hx: > Earl of Moray, John Earl of Strathmore, Thoms LH oi bl Thomas Earl of Kinnoull, George Earl of jbalhonpe, Tima Id J Selkirk^ William Earl of Northefi, Alexander Earl of Mrr«J George Earl of Ahoyne, John Earl of BnadaUam, Gar6:

Aberdeen, George Earl of Dunmore, George Earl of Gb/po* Earl of Harrington, William Earl of Mansfield, Jams Earle: Francis Earl of Moira % James Earl of Ro/slyn, William EaC" cart, the Right Honourable Archibald Hamilton commo&ir Sr\ Lord Archibald Hamilton; the Right Honourable Jdt D^j Edward Henry Campbell commonly called Lord John Bsyi Edward Henry Campbell; the Right Honourable fr.\1 Qampbcll commonly called Lord Frederick*Campbell; tl*JLJ Honourable James Murray commonly called Lord Janus Mm j the Right Honourable George William Coventry commonly c-J Viscount Deerhurfi; the Right Honourable Thomas CodrmrA monly called Lord Cochrane; the Riglit Honourable Joh Uncommonly called Vif count Glenorcby; James Ochontar Lord Frc, Alexander George Lord Saltoun, Robert Walter Lord Blair< Lord Reay, Alexander Lord Elibank, Charles Lord jW"i] Thomas Lord Dundas, John Lord Cawdor, Alexander Los&Jj don aidy the Honourable William Maule of Panmurty the H<*^ Alexander Duff, the Honourable Peter Robert Drummond M the Right Honourable Sir William Grant Knight, Mailer of I Rolls; the Right Honourable Sir John Sinclair of Ulbjln, Bard the Right Honourable Sir Archibald Macdonald of isj A Baronet; the Right Honourable Sir Charles Siuarty Kaigktil Right Honourably Sir William Drumrrtqad of J^tedassyi) Wl

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III.

Cxxi,

7S»

laid, by preventing the Commission of Frauds in the Vend and Delivery thereof; and it is apprehended that it would be of great

Benefit to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes in the County of

Middlesex9 lying upon, or adjoining to the North Side or Bank of

the River Thames, between the Parish of Saint Luke Chelfeay and

the Mouth or Entrance of the River Colne near Staines; and also

between Limehouse Hole and the Mouth or Entrance of the River

Lee or Bow Creek, near Blackwally and of the several Parishes in

the Counties of Middlesex and EJfexy lying upon, or adjoining to 1 the River Lee or Bow Creeky and to the various Branches and Streams thereof, on both Sides or Banks thereof, between the

River Thames and the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County of

Middlesex, if Provisions were made to prevent Frauds in the Ad-

measurement and Delivery of Coals fold within the same: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the same, That from and immediately after the First of June next. Officers ip-there shall be provided or continued at or near to Hammersmith in pointed., the said County of Middlesex y One Public Office, which shall be deemed and taken to be the principal Land Coal Meter's Office for the several Parishes, Hamlets and Places, in the County of Middlesex, lying upon and adjoining to the North Side or Bank of the River Thames, between the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelfeay and the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Colne near Stainesg and also between Limehouse Holey and the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Lee or Bow Creek g and also for the several Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Effeie, lying upon or adjoining to the said River Lee or Bow Creek, and of every Stream or Branch thereof, on both Sides or Banks thereof respectively, situate between the said River Thames, and the said Parish of Edmonton g that is to say, the several Parishes, Hamlets and Places of Saint Luke, Fulham, Hammersmith,

Chifwicky Ealing y Brentfordy Han welly Isle worthy Twickenham,

Teadingtony Hampton, Sunbury, Shepperton, Lalehamy Staines, Saint Anne Limehouse, (except so much thereof as is situate between Tower Dock and Limehouse Holey) Poplar and Blackwally in the Parish of Stepney, Saint Leonard Bromley, Saint Mary Stratford Bow9 Saint John at Hackney, and Tottenham9 in the County of Middlesex, and All Saints % West Ham, and Leyton9 in the County of Essex; and there shall also be provided and continued Three subordinate Offices at the respective Places following; (that is to say), Onj at Stratford-le-bow9 in the County of Essex9 and One at Brentfordy and another at Stamford Hill in the said County of Middlesex g which said principal and subordinate Offices shall respectively be kept open every Day (Sundays9 Good Friday, Christmas Day, and Fast or Thanksgiving Days by Proclamation only excepted) from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, yearly, from the Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening; and from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of Marchy yearly, from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour of Six in the Evening; and if any Principal Meter principal Mettr shall refuse or neglect to open or keep open any principal or fubor- not kaefrfng dinate Office as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit Offices open* and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

3 B 2 II. And

e. XX.6* GEO. III. AJ).lSlfc

under Campbell, Esquire, Edinburgh; A.D. Campbell of Madras Esquire; Archibald Campbell of Blythefwood, Efqaire; Ueotori Colonel Archibald Campbell, Lieutenant Colonel Archibald Campkl| Eighty fourth Regiment; Rear Admiral Donald CampbtBi u» tenant General Duncan Campbell of Locbnell, Daman Camfbdl Tavistock Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; M* Campbell of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Efqnse; Jdk Campbell of Red Lion Square, in the County of Middlesex, ESgmei John Campbell Esquire, Mailer in Chancery; Captain fund Campbell, Royal Navy; Robert Campbell of Ardchattmn,

Robert Campbell of Argyll Street, in the County of MibAjm, Esquire; Thomas Campbell of Sydenham, Esquire; Thomat Cem Great Coram Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; fTAm Chijholm of that Ilk, Esquire; Colonel Archibald Chrtjhr; Timm Cock bum of Devonshire Street, in the County of Middkjea, Etyuej James Cochrane of Madras, Esquire; Colonel Colebrooiel Medrn Army; Lieutenant Colonel James Conway of the Gmt, Hem-dean, in the County of Southampton; Lieutenant Colonel Charier Cunningham, David Cunningham of Great Winchester Strut, n lie City of London, Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel Dalryuple, Modem Army; Kirby Dalrymple of Madras, Esquire; AIrt order Gray David Jon of EarPs Court Road, in the County of Middejm, Esquire; Lieutenant General Alexander Dirom; Han Beudfm of Tulloeh, Esquire; Humphrey Donaldson of Whitaet, k the County of Middlesex, Esquire; William Douglas Ycwgerof Cafiie Douglas, Esquire; Robert Downie of Forres, Efqdft; Gaea! Andrew John Drummond of Strathallan; James DrrnrnmnFiwmm of Strathallan, Esquire; George Harley Drummond of Dnutmtj CaJHe, Esquire; John Duff of Drummuir, Esquire; James Bexnlp. Duncan of Damfide, Esquire; James Beveridge Dunum Y anger of Damfide, Inquire; the Right Honourable Hugh E&u of Madras $ Captain Elliot, Madras Army; Captain Atfrfas Frederick D'Este, Mac Morhar Innemeis; John Farqubmfmd Houghton, Esquire; William Farquharson of Monaltrie, Eiqese; John Fleming of Gloucester Place, in the County of MU&fig, Doctor of Physic; James Flemying of the City Chambers* h the City of London, Esquire; Robert Stewart Flemying of Ki&chest, Esquire; Bartholomew Forbes of Change Alley, in the Gty of London, Esquire; Major General Benjamin Forbes, Cherla Faria of Auchmedden, Esquire; John Forbes of New, Esquire; Msha Forbes of Fitxroy Square, in the County of Middlesex, Efqear; Rear Admiral Alexander Fraser, Alexander Fraser of Lincddt ha Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Charier Fryer of Inver aloe by and Cqfile Fraser, Esquire; Duncan Fraser of Ftqqi, Esquire; Lieutenant Frederick Alexander Fraser, Seventy qjhi Highlanders; George Fraser of the New City Chamber* is the City of London, Esquire; Colonel Hqfiings Fraser, Eight? Mth Regiment; Lieutenant Colonel Hugh Fraser, Madras Am; James Fraser of Belladrum, Esquire; John Fraser of Aekustrin, Esquire j John Fraser of AQon Place, in the County of Mddefix, Esquire; John Hutchinson Fraser of Fimne/lan, Esquire; Sms* Fraser Younger of Belladrum, Esquire; Captain Thomas Fraser, Madras Army; Thomas Fraser or Madras, Esquire; 7ho* Fraser of Newton, Esquire; Captain Fraser, Town Major*

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C.xxi*

741

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, an Oath, (which Oath such Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer, ) in the following Words:

T do swear, That I will honestly,

truly, faithfully and impartially, according to the best of my

Skill and Judgment, execute the Office of Principal Land Coal«Meter, for the Parities comprised hi an Act passed in the Fifty

sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

intituled {here set forth the Title of this Act.] So help me GOD.' VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Principal Land

Coal Meter for the time being shall, and he is hereby directed and required, from time to time and at all times, to nominate, appoint and employ a sufficient Number of Labouring Land Coal Meters, for the Purpose of admeasuring Coals, and for executing such other Duties as are by this Act required to be done by Land Coal Meters, and from time to time to liifpend or dismiss the same Labouring Land Coal Meters, as he fhatl think fit.

s VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Labouring Land Coal Meter in the Execution of this Act until he shall have taken and subscribed before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or for the said County of Essex, an Oath (whion Oath such Justice or Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer) in the Words following:

I do swear, That I will honestly, truly, faithfully and impartially, to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Office of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for the Parishes comprised in an Act passed in the.Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act'] and that I will truly and impartially inspect and measure, or fee measured or loacted, all such Coals between Buyer and Seller, and execute such other Duties as are by Law required to be done by a Labouring Land Coal Meter, without Favour or Hatred. So help me GOD.' IX. And be it further enacted, That the said several Labouring Land Coal Meters, and every of them, shall, and they and he are and is hereby required to attend at the several Wharfs, Warehouses and other Places, at which he or they shall be stationed from time to time by the said Principal Land Coal Meter, each and every Day (Sundays, Good Friday, Christmas Day, and Fast or Thanksgiving Days by Proclamation only excepted) in each and every Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, from the Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening, and from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of March from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour of Six in the Evening; and if upon Notice being given to any such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters (o stationed, or Notice being left in Writing at his or their Office or Offices, or Place or Places of Abode, to attend at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place to be named in such Notice, within the Limits of has or their Station or Stations for the time being, in order to measure or fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required by this Act to be done by a Land Coal Meter at any such Wharf, Warehouse

for due Performance of their Duty.

Principal Meters to appoint Lap bouring Meters.

Labouring Coal Meters alfoto take an Oath.

Form of Oath.

Labouring Coal Meters to attend their Stations.

Hours of At. tendance.

Notice to be given to Meter to attendee.

V30

GxX,

5TGEO.nL

JUXigi

City of London* Esquire; Angus Macdonald of Puff MaM in the County of Middlese, x, esquire; Donald Macdonald, - Brother of Clanrenald; Janus Macdonald, Younger of Esquire; James Macdonald of Invcrne/i, Esquire; John of Montreal, Esquire; John Macdonald of Kenmngtm CmsS) Esquire; Colonel John Macdonald, Bengal Artillery 5 Liemaul Colonel John Macdonald of Queen Anne Street East, in the Coats of Middlesex; Lieutenant Colonel John Macdonald Yaap A Scalpa s John Macdonald of Bury Court, Saint Mary dxe, n tie City of London, Esquire; John Macdonald of Forres, Jkhat flf Physic; General John Macdonald, Bengal; Reginald Gemft Mm> donald of Clanronald, Esquire; Colonel Alexander Madm&d Glengarry, Reverend Alexander Macdonell of Upper Canada, £. list* donell of Madras, Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel Jsunts Mode*4 Coldstream Guards; Lieutenant Colonel Macdonell, Madras Amf; Simon Mac GiUivray of Suffolk Lane, in the City of Lain, Esquire; William Mac Gilltvray of Montreal, Efqore; M*or Duncan Mac Gregor, Seventy eighth Highlanders; Cherki Mtttm tods of Bombay, Esquire; Captain John Mackintofb, £ejI Its* Service; Captain Mackintojb, Madras Artillery; Major Goal John MacIntyre, John MacIntyre of Jamaica, Esquire; JottMsdUft of Bengal, Esquire; Duncan Mackay of Demerara, Esquire; H&x Mack ay of Jamaica, Esquire; Captain John Mackeliar, Roya/^avy; Lieutenant General Alexander Mackenzie of Fairhain; dustier Mackenzie of Queen Square, in the County of Middles, Efcpart; Colin Alexander Mackenzie of the Albany, in the Comq d JfiAfip-sex, Esquire; Daniel Mackenzie, Esquire, Canada; DmtmUx-kenzie, Esquire, Keppoch; Henry Mackenzie, Esquire, CmL\ Colonel Jabez Mackenzie; John Mackenzie, Esquire; Papula Rifle Brigade; John Mackenzie of Bishopgate Street, in the Coefitr of Middlesex, Esquire; John Mackenzie, Esquire, Bengali Keudl Mackenzie of Portland Place, in the County of Middlesex, Efqaet; Kenneth Mackenzie of Torridon, Esquire; Thomas Matlmx cf

Sueen Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Rewtsd 7Uiam Mackenzie of Smarden, Captain Wedderburn Motions, John Mackerrell, Esquire, Madras / Robert MacktrrtU of Wsthsi Street, in the City of London, Esquire; John Mackie of Mill Hu, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Donald Mackinnon of J.k Street, Adelphi, in the County of Middlesex, Doctor of Pbrtc; Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Mackinnon, Coldstream Guardi; Ws&sx Alexander Mackinnon of that Ilk, Esquire; Captain JrcbikH Maelaine, Eighty sixth Regiment; Alexander Macleaj of Qua Square, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Kwsts Macleay ot Newmore, Esquire; Lieutenant Alexander Maks. Eighty sixth Regiment; Lieutenant Duncan Maclean, sixth Regiment; Captain Thomas Maclean, Madras Army; Mi-bald Norman Macleod, Esquire, Canada; Captain C. Mxkd, Madras Army; Captain Donald Macleod, East India Sonet; Donald Macleod of Geanies, Esquire; James Cranford Baited, Younger of Geanies, Esquire; Colonel John Macleod of J* M. Macleod, Esquire, Madras; Reverend Roderick Macleod cf St. Annfs Soho, Doctor of Divinity; Colonel William Macissc, Parson's Green; BuehaUnan Macmillan of Bow Street, intkCoaarr of Middlesex, Esquire, JametMacnair, Efqwe j Rederid Hmmi

i - Yooj3

A.D. 1816'

C.xxi.

743

56° GEO. III.

thereof, or may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such Coals being to be delivered by Gang Labour) are of the Sort or Description as and for which the same shall be sold; and such Meter is hereby authorized and required to demand of the Vender or Venders, or of the Wharfinger or other Person with whom the Ship Certificate of any of such Coals shall be left at any Wharf or Place for the Sale of any such Coals, such 8hip Certificate, for the Purpose of perusing and inspecting the same, and such Meter shall, and he is hereby required to countersign such Ticket or Tickets, if such Meter shall be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort they are described to be in such Ticket or Tickets, but shall not countersign the same without being so satisfied, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby also authorized and required, when the whole Quantity of Coals contained in any Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, to write or indorse on the Back of the Certificate of such Coals, the Word M Delivered; " and if any such Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Person shall refuse or neglect to produce and deliver to any such Meter such Ship Certificate on Demand, then and in every such case every such Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if any such Meter shall countersign any such Ticket or Tickets, without having first inspected such Coals, and also such Ship Certificate, and witnout having reasonable Ground to be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort described in Such Vender's Ticket, or if any such Meter shall not immediately after the whole of the Coals contained in any such Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, demand or call for such Certificate of such Coals, or shall not immediately on such Certificate being produced indorse the same in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Cools sold as and for Pool Measure, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggon or Carriage, from any Wharf or Place within the Limits of this A d, shall be loacted, in Sacks in the Presence of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters of the Diffrift, which Labouring Meter is hereby authorized and required to watch and insped the filling or loading of the Sacks wherein such Coals shall be loacted, and it shall be lawful for such Meter to measure the Dimensions of all or any of such Sacks used in any such Loading before such Sacks shall be filled or loacted; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby authorized and required when any Room or Rooms of Coals in any Ligliter, Barge or Craft, are or is to be sold and sent from any fuen Wharf or other Place as and for Pool Measure by any Land Carriage, to fee that the Coals so loaded and sent are in fad taken out of the particular Room or Rooms so fold, and likewise that the whole of the Coals contained in any such particular Room or Rooms so fold are in fad entirely emptied out of such Room or Rooms, and loaded and sent away to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Coals contained in such Room or Rooms; and in case such Meter shall find any Sack or Sacks used for the loading of any such Coals is ov are of left Dimensions than required by this Act, or in case it shall appear to such Meter, according

And to indorse the Word " Delivered* on such Certificate.

Penalty.

Meter counter-signing Ticket without hiving inspected Coals, &c.

Penalty.

Regulation with regard to Coala sold by Pool Measure.

C» xx*

56" GEO. III.

A.D. 1MS.

1*2

Esquire, IJU of Man; WilRam Stewart of Piccadilly, in (Ik Cody of Middlesexf Esquire; Honourable James Strange, Madras; Etp Stuart, Esquire, Foreign Office; R. S. Stuart of Alderin, Efqms; Lieutenant General Robert Stuart of Raitt; J. Sutherland, Efqo^ Bombay; William Tate of the Old Jewry, in the City of Lulu, Esquire; Thomas Telford, Esquire; Richard Townend the Yosnjc, of Lima Street, in the City of London, Esquire; John TnM, Htjjan, Bengal; Colonel Charles Turner of Seymour Street, in the Caatytf Middlesex; Walter Urquhart of Warles, Esquire; Robert loin, \ Esquire; A* Watson, Doctor of Physic, Madras; John Etfni Mincing Lane, in the City of London, Efauhne; John Weddrriarid Leadenball Street, in the City of London, Esquire; General Utmjt of that Jib; Benjamin Wefi, Esquire, President of the RoyalAofeaj; George Young of Aujlin Friars, in the City of London, Esquire; together with all and every Person who shall be admitted into die said Society as a Member thereof) in manner herein motreed, M be One Body Corporate, by the Name of The Highland to §f London; and that by the lame Name they shall have perpetsal Suc-Comnaon Seal, cession, and a Common Seal, with Power to change, alter, beak, and make new the same, when and as often as they shall judge the toe to be expedient; and that they and their Successon, by the (as* Name, may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaid, ufper and be answered, in all or any Court or Courts of Record, odfkfl of Judicature within this Kingdom; and that they and thesrSKeefas, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable inLivtoh*, hold, receive, enjoy, possess and retain, for the Ends n&hqofc of this Act, and in trust, and for the Benefit of tie Wtoaty all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been paid, giro, toiW or bequeathed, or shall at any time or times hereafter be paid, pic, devised or bequeathed by any charitable or well disposed Perf« or Persons, to and for the Ends and Purposes in this Act meafiooed; Society may take and that they and their Successors, by the Name afiorefud. Mid Lands In Mort- may at any time hereafter, without Licence, in Mortmain, purckie, m"n* take or receive, hold and enjoy, any Lands, Tenements or Hotfe*

aments, or any Estate or Intereit therein, for the Purpofa of the id Charity, not exceeding Five Thousand Pounds in Value. Appointment of H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Thit Ha Officers. Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany shall be, sodk

is hereby appointed President of the said Corporation; and tkttk Right Honourable James Murray, commonly called Lord Jw Murray; the Right Honourable Alexander George Lord Satan; tie Right Honourable Sir Archibald Macdonald of East Sheen, Bart; General Sir George Beckwith, Knight, Grand Crofi of the sod Honourable Order of the Bath; and Colonel Alexander Machdd Glengarry, shall be, and are hereby appointed the Vice Ftddtuct the lame; and that David Cunningham, Esquire; John Ga^Ei^i William Henderson, Esquire; Alexander Lamb, Esquire; Janalkl say, Esquire; Alexander Macleay, Esquire; Donald Mathmi Doctor of Physic; Kenneth Murchifon Macrae, Esquire; JT$» Munro, Esquire; Andrew Robertson, Esquire; Gedda Mxhas Simfon, Esquire; and George Young, Esquire, shall be, ud tkj sue hereby appointed a Committee of Directort for the Midp ment of the Affairs and Business of the said Corpontion, vtan Fire at the least may proceed to transact the uid Alhm; d

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III,

C.xxi.

7*5

fame remeasured by the Buffiel Measure, provided you immediately, and before any more of the Coals than One Sack shall

be (hot pr delivered from the Cart, Waggon or Carriage in which

the same are brought, fend Notice in Writing of your Deiire to ( have the same remeasured to any of the Land Coal Meters9 Offices

+appointed by or by virtue of the said Act of the Forty seventh Year, or the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, also to the Vender or Venders of such

Coals* C* Z>.

[Here insert the Name of the Vender] E. F.

[Here insert the Name of the Meter, and the Office and Place where the Office u Jituated]- Dated [Here insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such Ticket was Jigneai*]

And in case such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Vender not de-Coals, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as afore- liverin* Ticket said, and so countersigned by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchaser 10 Purchaser* or Purchaser* of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any such CoaU as aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Vender or Venders shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Ten Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver or other Person at- Carman not detending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any such String Ticket. Coals as aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been given, by or by the Directions of the Vender or Venders, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having first received the same from the Vender or Venders, or any Person by the Order of the Vender or Venders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchaser* of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver or other Person aforesaid so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, What Sum of or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals, sold as and for Pool Measure, and M°ney* sent in any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage from any Wharf, j^rfor inf^iVg Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Act, or any Coalafoidby Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, and delivered by Gang Labour Pool Measure. from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Meter shall

be stationed, situate within such Limits; or the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, from or over which any such Coals shall be so sent, shall and such Vender or Venders, Dealer pr Dealers, or Occupier or Occupiers is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal Meter for the Execution of this Act, at and alter the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat so bought and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, as and for a Compensation for the Trouble of inspecting or superintending the Loading and fending away such Coals, and such Money shall be repaid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals to the Vender or Venders thereof.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Enabling Pur-herein coutained shall extend, or be conitrued to extend, to hinder or

prevent any Purchaser or Purchaser* of any Coals, sold as and for Measure to have Pool Mealure, from fending such Coals to the Premises of such Pur- such Coals deli-chafer or Purchasers, or to any Landing Place which such Purchaser wed without

Bailot, by Concern, dispensed witji.

Honorary Members may be chosen.

Eletlion of President, Vice Presidents, Trea* furers. Auditors, Directort, Secretaries, Deputy Secretary and Chaplains.

C. xx.

SS* GEO. III.

AD.1515,

General Courts may delegate Power* to Committee of Directors; order and dispose of Common Seal; make Bye Law*, and revoke and alter the same.

the Member* b»Botting, and shall before hie Adxmft<*rr pay ato the Hands of One of the Treasurers of the said Society, the Sob of Twenty six Pounds Five Shillings: Provided always, that if in air case it {half be the unanimon9 Desire of the Members prefect it fou Election, that the Ballot should be dispensed with, and that thePerfoa then in Nomination should be elected a Member of the find Society, such Person so elected, shall be deemed and taken to have ben dedef by Bailot, and (half be admitted a Member of the £nd Sorietj, <a Payment of the Sum aforesaid.

IV. And Whereas certain Person s have been chosen Hsaanry

Members of the said Society, and it may be expedient that otam

should be chosen in future Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Number of such Members may be chosen a manner aforesaid, not exceeding Twenty such Members.

V. And be it further enacted, That at the General Court that shall be hoi den on the Third Saturday in February, in the Year Che thousand eight hundred and seventeen, there shall be ehofa t Pnr£-dent, Five Vice Presidents, Three Treasurers, Three Auditors, Tvehe Directors, Two Secretaries, One Under Secretary and TwoCbphir, : to serve for the Space of One Year only, to commence from the Twenty first Day of March next ensuing; and that the like Ekebot of the Officers aforesaid, shall be made at the said General Court Yearly, and in every Year; and in case any of the Offices ihechid shall become vacant by Death, Resignation or otherwifo, aether Person shall from time to time be chosen to serve in the Pbcrof foci Officer, during the Remainder of the Term for which the Fre&n whose Office shall have become vacant, was chosen, and nolosgtr; ad the President and Vice Presidents, Treasurers, Auditors and Secretaries for the time being, shall be Members of the said Committee over and above the T welve Directors to be elected as aforesaid; and also all such Members as shall have served the Offices of Pre&feot, Vice President, Treasurer or Secretary of the said Society; asd the Members of the said Corporation, assembled at any such General Court as aforesaid, or the major Part of them so assembled, shall hare full Power and Authority, in the Name of the said Corporation, aid on their Account, to apply and dispose of the Monies and Fuad< already given, and which shall from time to time be contributed acd given by any Person or Persons, on account of the said Society, and all other Monies and Funds belonging, or to belong to the fed hereby created Corporation, to and for the Purposes aforesaid, jdJ to or for any other Purpose, Matter or any thing relating to the same, and for the Benefit thereof, at their Discretion; and with and u&kr their Common Seal, to enter into any Covenants and Contracts for the Purposes aforesaid, and for any other Purpose or Purposes for the better effecting and carrying on the Uses and Designs aforefed; and to do, manage, tran fad and determine all such other matters af things, as shall to them, at any such Court, appear to be necefey or proper for effecting and carrying on the Purposes aforesaid; ad shall and may delegate such Power and Authority to the fold Cos-mittee of Directors, as they shall think necessary for the more speedy, easy and effectual Execution of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Members of the said Corporation, in a General Court assembled only, or the major Part of them, so as aforesaid, to order and dispose of the Custody of the said Common Seal, and foe

fxo Use

i

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III.

Cxxi.

747

measured; and in case it shall appear upon the Remeasurement of , f Deficiency »p-such Coals by such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter, as shall at- tf*p. ty m tend for die Purpose of remeasuring of such Coals, that such Coals PrQPorllon' do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then and in every such case, if such Coais hare been sold as and for Pool Measure, the Vender of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Fire Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every Fire Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Site Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such case such Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so found deficient the Sum uf Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; but in case any such Coals so remeasured and found deficient shall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Measure, then and in such case the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel so found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the By whom Ex-Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter appointed by peaces of Re-or by virtue of this Act, and of the said recited Act, so remeasuring, e*furemeoi shall be paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so re- ue to measured by him, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron, and if upon any such Remeasurement the

whole of the Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then and in such case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in fcafe such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, pay the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency (nail not amount to One Bushel, then and in such case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Coals sold by herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to require Pool Measure any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure to be measured by the j

Bushel Measure previously to such Coals being loaded and lent away

in any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage form the Vender's pj^hafer. Wharf or Place of Sale, unless by the Desire of the Purchaser of any such Coals.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold or loaded to Coals sold by be sold as and for Wharf Measure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Wharf Measure Bushels, at or from any Place or Places within the Limits of tms

Ad, shall be measured in the Presence of One of the said Labour- & t Lan<j coal rog Coal Meters to be appointed by virtue of this Act, by the Meter.

Bushel Measure heaped up as by this Act is directed, and the said Labouring Coal Meters, and every of them, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bushel or Bushels of any such Coals as shall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons to vending or contracting for the Sale of the said Coals, or so loading any such Coals for Sale.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Labouring Meters ruffering Coal Meter shall wittingly or willingly fuller any Coals exceeding

Eight

186

66° GEO. III.

AJJ.uii

Ke&ion of Members.

Power to General Court to fill up Vacancies.

Committee may fofpend or remove Officers and Servants.

Officers to account, kc.

Officer not accounting or refilling to verify Accounts, Two Justices of Peace may enquire thereof on Oath of Witnesses and levy Money remaining due from such Officer by Distress.

of Directort, shall be decided by Vote; and in case of aolqub of Voices, the President or Chairman shall have the Casting Voi fare and except in the Case of the Election of Memben, as bed mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Memben of the la Corporation, at a General Court, or the major Part of them pda at such General £ourt, shall have Power from time to tiac, rx3i all times, to fill up any Vacancy or Vacancies of Pitfidest, Ve Presidents, Treasurers, Auditors, Directors, Secretaries, Depeti Secretary and Chaplains, and appoint such other Officers, Strati and other Persons, as they shall think necessary to employ fat tbt Purposes, and in the Execution of this Act; and from time to rat suspend or remove all such Servants, or other Perfooi, or tar c either of them, as they shall think fit, and appoint others bake Death, or such Suspension or Removal; and may out of the Moan to be received for the Purposes of this Act, make reasonableAllo* ances to all such Servants, and other Persons, for their Seniors; and that all and every such Officers, and Servants, and other PerfoN of every Description, shall from time to time, when thereunto rw^nredi by the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, makeand reader to the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, i true, end and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, Monies which he, (he or they, and every of them respeeWr, UL to that time have received, paid and disbursed, by virtue of tfeaM or by reason of their respective Offices; and in cafeeyM«j(b received, shall remain in their, or any of their Hindi, the dot fed be paid to the said Committee, or any Five or morr of tot, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the bat; ad in case any such Officer or other Person shall not make od rate or shall refuse to verify any such Account, or to make ay fab Payment as aforesaid, then any Two or more Justices of the Poet for the County of M'tddUfex % or for the City of Zsaiss, or fe such County as the said Society shall for the time being be fitwfc in, shall and may, upon Complaint to them, make Enquiry of d concerning such Default in a summary way, (u well by Cosfe&s of the Parties themselves as by the Testimony of One or imk credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath or Affirmation, which tk said Justices are hereby empowered and required to admmiik); d if it shall appear to such Justices, that any of the Monks that & have been received for the Purposes of this Act, shall ranis & from such Officer or Servant, such Justices may, and are ber^t authorized and required, upon Non Payment thereof, by Wrns under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Servant; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Serf can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Motet,the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Ctes*85' such Officer or Servant, or if it shall appear to such Mic* such Officer or Servant shall have refused, orwilfuDy negkW i render or give such Account, or to verify the same as afatW or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that my Boob, Papers or Writings relating to the said Corporation shall be id tit Custody or Power of such Officer or Servant, and he (hallbavr^ fiifed, or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Sausfadko respedsq

it

I.D. 1816.

StfGEO.lIL

Cm

T*9

I!onfumer, and thereupon he, (he orthey isand are hereby required to

>ay to the Seller named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specified,

lod if the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning such Ticket shall Labouring Me-

ifter Payment or Tender of the Metage charged in pursuance of this tcr refusing to

(Va, retufe to deliver such Ticket as hereinbefore directed to the deliver Ticket to

barman or Person employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals arma"*

therein described, such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if Penalty.

tuch Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Carman not de-

Coals described in such Ticket, shall, after the same Ticket shall ^p^gc^et

have been so delivered to him by the Labouring Coal Meter coun- c a 1

terfigning the same, either alter or neglect, or refuse to deliver the

same Ticket to the Purchaser or Con turner therein named, or to the

Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead or drive

the Coals described in such Ticket, shall forfeit and pay, for every penalty.

such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Whai fingers Dealer in Coals shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or cause to be gw*'"* Bribes to given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meter Meters, or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Metage of Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Smiling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal or La- M*^" I#ctir" bowing Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed pursuant to this AS, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a false or counterfeited Tickets. Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman or other Person, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall take or receive from auy Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by the Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, or if such Principal Land or Labouring Coal Meter (h&U'WiUinely permit or suffer to be made false Measure of any Coals, or shall deliver a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall have not Seen measured, or (nail countersign any Vender's Ticket for any Coals, without having inspected such Coals, or without seeing and taking Care that the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, Stall have been first completely emptied out of and loaded from such particular Room or Rooms so fold, then and in every such case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever Serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Meter. Penaky.

XXV. And

739

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1I16.

C.xx, xxi.

Addon shall have arisen, and not elfcwhare; and the Defbdate: Defendants in such Action or Actions, may plead the Goal

Psnenl Issue. Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter m Evidence, it ay Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in primer and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appeartc have been so done, or if such Action or Suit shall aot be breast within the time before limited, or shall be brought in asy otter County or Place than aforesaid, then the Jury (hau find for tk Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffii shall becnar nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Adisa or Anions, or if a Verdict shall pass against: the Plaintiff or Roe-tiffs* or if upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given igadth Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall hue Tnhh Co ft 8, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fast, a ty Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colb in other da by Law.

[Public Act.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act M beteed

and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially takes Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

47 G. $. Seff«*-c*s68. § 78 — 9°-

Cap. xxi.

An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurenent teftfarr of Coals within the several Parishes in the County tf lying between the Parish of Saint Luke CMsea, uiAeMud of the River Colne, near Staines; and also between Lmdm^S: !: and the Mouth of the River Lee, near Blackball; and & rib the several Parishes in the Counties of Middlefe* sad Efa agoing to both Banks of the River Lee, and the Branco* thortct. between the River Thames and Edmonton.

[21st Msj iMj

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year i the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled A* JSjtt*4pealing the several ABs for regulating the Fend aaiDthx]^ 4 Coals within the Cities of London ana Westminster, ad Lite thereof and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlefci, Surrrr, Kent, and Essex, and for making letter Provisim jot Atjat* 4 certain Land Coal Meters were continued or appointed lor tk

Purpose of admeasuring Coals within the City and Liberty d 4 Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy of Cornwall adjoin^

{hereto, and for the several Parishes of Smut Giles it tleFe& 4 Saint MaryAe-bone, and such Part of the Parish of Smt Ate Holborn, as is in the County of Middlesex; and also for theGty of London, and between Tower Dock and Ltnehouft

4 CoUnty of Middlesex; and also for the several Parimet of

Thorpe, Chertsey, Weybridge, Walton on Thames, Wtf M*q<

4 Thames Ditton, Kingston, Richmond, Mortlake, Barnet, Cp*»

4 Mitcham, Putney, Wandsworth, B aftersea, Lambeth, CkjfcW 4 Newington, Saint George in the Borough of Southwark, Jsauite our9s, Saint Otave, Saint Thomas, Saint John, Saint Mirj Mifi*1 4 Bermondsey, and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County olStrm,

4 and certain Regulations were thereby made respeddng the Vend cj Delivery of Coals fold within the same Phew rtfpe&mly: hi Whereas the Regulations contained in the hid Act bw H 4 very beneficial to the Confamen of Coals tetfch

A.D. 1316*

56° GEO. III. C.xxi.

751

such case every such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds* XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bufiiel shall be kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurement of any Coals fold within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and EJfexy as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which shall not be such Bufiiel as is described iu and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the speedy and effeOual preferring of the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for ascertaining the Coal Measure, and which shall not have been fird damped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Westmin-Jlery or at the Guildhall London, previously to the same being so kept or used, and that every such Buihel, previously to being so damped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and -Use with Iron or Copper Hoops, and shall be so damped or marked with a Steel Indrument on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every such Buihel shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of such Bufiiel all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such Bushel in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Bufiiel to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of Coals shall confid of Thirty fix of such Bufiiels so heaped, and so in Proportion for any lesser Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, shall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Bufiiel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Bufiiel as aforesaid, and so damped as aforesaid, or shall in anywise decrease or diminish any such Bufiiel damped as aforesaid, or shall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make use of in admeasuring of any Coals any Bufiiel other than such Bufiiel as aforesaid damped as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever shall in any manner decrease or diminifii any such Bufiiel damped as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respectively for every such Offence shall be committed to the House of Correction, by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure shall be difiatisfied with the Measurement which Audi have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehouse or

other

Penalty.

What Buihel Measure to re made use of.

il Ann. Stat. 3. C.17. S ii, I* To be stamped.

Vender, &r. using Buihel not stamped.

Penalty.

Dimiokhing

Buihel

Imprisonment

Venders, &c of Coals sold as Wharf MeaTure, if d Satisfied, may hgve them remaafored.

740

C. xxi.

56* GEO. lift

Principal Meter appointed.

His Majesty to appoint Principal Meter upoa any Vacancy.

Principal Coal Meter neglecting Duty.

Penalty.

Principal Meters nay be ra-elected when their time expires.

Principal Land Coal Meter* to take an Oath

A.D. H16.

II. And be it further enacted, That Abrahem Saderfa of th Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman Mbt, and is hereby nominated and appointed the Principal Land Coi) Meter for executing the Provisions of this Act, and theMamgr of the several Offices to be provided as aforesaid (Care and except he shall die or be removed from such Office by Hit Madly, b Heirs and Successors, which Removal His Majesty, hit Hein tsi Successors, is and are hereby empowered to make) until drM Day of June which shall be in the Year of oor Lord One tkukd eight hundred and thirty seven; and from thence to the End i tk then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case and whet ad» often as the said Abraham Sanderson, or any other Principal late Coal Meter to be from time to time appointed for the Psrpoid of this Act shall die, or shall be incapable of acting in the Ekodm of his Office, or shall be removed therefrom as aforesaid, ortbetnse limited for the Execution of such Office shall expire, tba k foil be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeifon, to Donate and appoint any other Person as Principal Land Coil Meter k tbt Room or Stead of every such Principal Land Coal Meter who Hull die, be so dismissed, removed or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or whose time limited for the Execntkn of b Office shall expire, and so toties quotici as often as anyfidk ak shall happen; and every such Person so to be nombtri or ip* pointed as aforesaid, shall be, remain and continue Pracpl Jdrtrr for the Execution of this Act, until the said First Day of /«. One thousand eight hundred and thirty seven, uoldsfeBk fboner removed or be incapable of acting in the Execntkn of b Office.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middbfc*, in Geaoal or Quarter Sessions assembled, and they are hereby authorized ud required to inquire into, and bear and determine any Compbot of Fraud or Misbehaviour, of the Principal Land Coal Meter far the time being for the Execution of this Act, in the same mm a they are by Law authorised to inquire into, hear and deterroine Mi: -demeanors; and if such Principal Coal Meter shall be found ph of any Fraud, Neglect or Miibehaviour, he shall forfeit md pay so the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and SucocOors, such Fix a such Court, before whom such Complaint shall be made, Hull W fit, not exceeding Twenty Pounds; together with such Codt a such Court shall think proper to award and direct, and such Pm-cipal Coal Meter shall be liable to be removed as hereinbefore sectioned.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whene?er the for which any such Principal Land Coal Meter shall hrc ke appointed shall expire, then and in such case nothing herein cafiati shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or pmtf. n such Principal Land Coal Meter, whose Term limited for tlx locution of his Office shall so expire, from being renomMni*reappointed to his Office of Principal Meter.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be cap»b of acting as Principal Land Coal Meter, in the Execution of tk Ad, until he shall have taken and subscribed before Two or*

t

A.D. 1T816.

56° GEO. III. C.xjLu

753

I

I

t- I i ir

r-

t*

to any Penalty or Penalties in oeiped thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI* And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders Venders to d*-of» or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and lent as and for Wharf liver Tickets of Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the said Port w ur<*

of London, or within the said respective Cities of London or West* minster, or the rqspective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent or Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered, a printed Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered, the same Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or

other Carnage, shall be (hot or delivered therefrom, and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following:

VENDER'S TICKET.

h fHere insert the Name of the Buyer] Take Notice'*

that you are to receive herewith [Here insert the Number \

Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, [Here insert the

Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, JTHere

insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals j ' and that by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign ' of King George the Third, the Carman is directed to deliver this

Ticket, before he {hoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Wag- gon, and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by

which the Carman is directed to measure gratis (under the Penalty

of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack which

the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain

Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outside of

the Meafdre being the Extremity of the Base thereof* C. D>

1 [Here insert the Name of the Vender.] E. F, [Here insert the Name

of the Labouring Meter, in case of the Goals being sent from within

either of the DistriQs of the said rejhedive Offices] Dated [Here

insert the Day of the Months and the Month arid Tear when such

Ticket was fgnedjy

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not deliver, or cause Vender not <fe* to be delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Pur- liverin8 Ticket, chafers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant of Servants before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, every such Vender or Venifers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of or other Person Peniity. attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden wkh any Carman noc de-fuctwCoals aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall nave been given by to Pur. or by the Direction of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the fhaOrT Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Vender or any Person by the Vender's Orders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or 56 Geo. III. 3 C to

^74*

Mot attending.

Penalty.

Labouring Meter* subject to the Controul of

Justices.

Coal Meters not to be interested in the Ssle of Coda.

Penalty on Principal Meter. Penalty on Deputy Meter.

Land Coal Meters may demand from Vender or Wharfinger a Sight of the Ship'* Certificate.

C.xxi. 56° GEO. III. AJD.1S16

Warehouse or other Place, or if Notice requiring the Attain of a Labouring Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Warehouse* other Place to be named in such Notice, for the Purpose of me furinjg or to fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Du required of Labouring Meters by this Act, shall be given a tl Office of the said Principal Land Coal Meter; and fuen Laboara Coal Meter or Meters shall not attend pursuant to any such Sobc within the Space of Two Hours from the giving of the (kr, a % do his or their Duty according to the true Intent and Meaner el this Act, then and in every such case every such LaboonBg Cal Meter, and the said Principal Land Coal Meter, shall for fiery fed Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That each and every Labourr Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent or Servant of the Principal Lacd Col Meter, for the Execution of this Act, shall be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction and Controul of the said Joffices of the Pace lor the County of Middlesext or for the County of EJex9 with their nr-spective Jurisdictions, in General or Quarter Semons afleobW, ud mall and maybe dismissed and suspended by such General or Quarter Sessions respectively, from the Execution and Emoluments of their said respective Offices, on Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, Neglect or other Mifbenaviour in the Management or Ex? cution thereof, all which Complaints shall and may be beard icd determined by the said Courts in a summary Way.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ff the Principal Land Coal Meter, or any of the Persons to t* essayed under him, shall at any time or times hereafter, during \k at as respective Continuance in Office or Employment as dbrrfad, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of itrCali whatsoever, otherwise than in the Discharge of hit or their fas! respective Offices, such Principal Land Coal Meter so oflbdi*g M. for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One badrtd Pounds, and such Deputy Coal Meter, and Labouring Coal Mete respectively, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the $aa of Fifty rounds, and being thereof respectively conrided before the said Court of Quarter Sessions for the said County of Mii&jn or Essex (according to the Jurisdiction), shall be diunzfTedfroaki or their laid respective Office or Employment, and be for ever It j abled from holding or executing the same or any otWonbuH Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoew, Id and to be sent in anyfWaggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, fa any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place or Places within the Links cl this Act, and also all Coals whatsoever fold and to be fest by Gar Labour, from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Dm Meter shall be ft&tioned, situate within such Limits or District, Mi previously to such Coals being so sent away, be carefully urfpe&d and examined by the Principal or One of the Labourhg Lad Col Meters, in order that such Principal or Labouring Land Coal Mai may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such CoabboJ sent away in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage!* are of the $d or Description mentioned in the Ticket or iTcxets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every vJ ders and Vender of such Coqfc to the Purchaser or PorcbMf

thereof.

A.D. 1816<

56° GEO. III. C.xxi.

7 55

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall be dissatisfied with the Measure of any Coals fold or to be delivered within the Limits of this Act, or of the said recited Act, and sent to him, her or them, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall signify to the Carman, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, his, her or their Desire to have the Coala contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals remeasured, then and in every such case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, in which such Coals shall be brought, shall, and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the House, Lodging or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Qoals, and the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, until such Coals are remeasured; and if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or fpffer to be driven away, any such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, before the Coals contained therein shall be remeasured, without the Consent of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and in every such case such Carman or Driver shall, for every fhch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, so desiring such Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be re-measured, shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required to fend or cause to be sent to the Vender or Venders of the said Coals, or to his, her or their Wharf, Warehouse or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are to be remeasured, and such Purchaser or Purchaser#, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any One of the Offices of the said Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the Offices of the Principal Land Coal Meters appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, of his, her or their Desire to have such Coals remea-

Coals sent by Land Carriage to be remeasured if desired by the Purchaser.

Carman driving away before Re. measuremenv

Penalty.'

Purchasers to.fend Notice to Meter's Office, if desirous to have Coals remeasured.

fared, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Labouring MeJ

Meters appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited ter to attend.

Ad, (not being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals

were originally measured, ) shall within the Space of Two Hours

next after such Notice in Writing, left at the Office of any such

Principal Land Coal Meter aforesaid, attend from such Office where

such Notice shall be fb left at the House, Lodgings or other Premises

of such Purchaser or Purchasers as shall be expressed in such Notice,

for the Purpose of reroeafuring the said Coals, and shall accordingly

remeasure the same in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, and

Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her or their

Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them shall

attend to fee the same remeasured; and in case such Vender qr Vender or Pur#

Venders, or Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Agent or duffer not si-

Servant, Agent# or Servants, shall not attend for the Purpose of

seeing such Coals so remeasured, then such Meter shall proceed on pr^Jday

the measuring of such Coals in his, her or their Abf#nce, and such

Meter shall, and be is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, to remeasure such Coals either by the distinct Sacks, fp as to ascertain the Cpntents of each par-

3 Q ticular

C. XSl.

66* GEO. in.

A.D. 1816.

Tee for Rentes-furemeot.

If Deficiency tppew.

Penalty on Vender.

Penalty on Vender.

Penalty on Me* ter.

Penalty on Coal Port en.

Penalty on Vender in proportion to Deficiency.

How far no Re-iHcaturement if snore than One back ftioU

ticular Sack of such Coals which shall remain in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or else to Hririeafure such Coals in such manner, and so as to ascertain the rfhole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and in case the Purchaser or Purchaser* of such Coals shall not either before or immediately upon the Arrival of such Meter signify or cause to be signtfied to such Meter his or their Option or Desire as to which of the said Two Ways he or they would wish such Remeasurement to be taken or made in, then and in every such case such Meter shall proceed to remeasure such Cosh in such manner, and so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and for such Re-meafarement such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Principal Land Coal Meter or Coal Meters of and fro the Office to which Notice shall have been sent as aforesaid. Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and in case, upon the Remeasurement of any such Coals which shall be so remeasured as to ascertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, it shall appear to the Meter so remeasuring the same, that any Sack or Sacks of such Coals shall not contain Three Bushels, then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall for every Sack of Coals that shall be so found deficient on such Remeasurement forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case upon the Remeasurement of any such Coals as aforesaid which fall be remeasured in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the same shall have been, sent taken together, it shall appear to such Meter as afoiefad that the Coals thus remeasured do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then if such last mentioned Coals shall haw been sold as and for Wharf Measure, the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wanting in Measure to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Coals shall be so remeasured, and the Labouring Meter tinder whose InspedBon the Coals were first measured shall, for every Bushel so deficient, forfeit and par the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and the Coal Porters who shall fore first measured such Coals for the Vender or Venders thereof shall, for every Bushel of Coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of Tv* Shillings and Sixpence; but if any such Coals so remeasured in tbr manner last mentioned, and so found to amount to left than tie Quantity for which the same were fold shall have been sold as and for Pool Measure, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, n case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels, and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, forfet and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every fork Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Forty Shillings*; and it case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldroas and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such case such Vender* Venders of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushd so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum i Five Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that no such Coals so sold as! sent shall be remeasured so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of fuchl Coals taken together, after more than One Sick of such Coals fhsl have been foot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Co

It rug*

a xxi.

757

riage into or upon the Premifea of such Purchaser or Purchasers, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Remea-furement of any Coals fold and sent as and for Pool Measure by any Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, and which Remeasurement shall hare been made in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, the Coals so remeasured shall be found to be less or more than at the Rate of Three Bushels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks specified in the Vender's Ticket of such Coals, then the Meter who countersigned such Vender's Ticket of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency or Excels shall exceed Four Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of such Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every such Bushel Co exceeding or so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the sum of Twenty Shillings.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be so made so as to ascertain the whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks sent taken together, of any fucL Coals fold and sent as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, the whole of such Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bu/hel, repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bu/hel, then such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purdiafers of such Coals; and if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be made so as to ascertain the Quantity contained in each and every of the particular Sacks sent, of airy Coals sold as and for Wharf or Pool Measure it shall be found that One fourth Part or more of the Nun> ber of the Sacks of such Coals fold and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bushels each respectively, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of the Remeasurement thereof; but if the Number of such particular Sacks so found deficient shall not amount to One fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of such Coals so fold and sent, then and in such case such Expences shall Ibe paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any such Notice as by this Act directed shall have been given by or on the behalf of any Purchaser or Purcha/ers, at any of the said Principal Land Meter's Offices, appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, requiring the Attendance of any Meter from any of such Offices, for the Purpose of remeasuring any Coals, fold either for Wharf or Pool Measure, theu, and in every such case, the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being at any of such respective Office or Offices, where such Notice shall have been given or sent, is and are hereby authorized and .required to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters, from his or their Office or resp$dive Offices, for the Purpose of making the Remeasurement, and such respective Labouring Meters, or Labouring Meter shall, and are, and is hereby required and authorized to remeasure any such Coals which they or be shall be so lent to remeasure, whether the Purchaser or Purchasers

3 C 3 of

In case of any Coals fold for Pool Measure proving deficient on such Reroea-furtmeot.

Penalty on Meter.

By whom the Expences of such Remeasurement are to be paid.

Principal Meters not fending a Labouring Meter to measure the Coals.

7*8

C.xxi.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Upon Notice,

Or Labouring Meter not attending.

Penalty. Purchaser obstructing Re-mealurement.

Penalty.

Carmen to be paid for being kept.

Regulations as to Coals sold by Weight.

Labouring Meter to attend the weighing, &c.

In what case Meter to countersign Ticket.

of such Coals shall, or not, be desirous of having such Remeafare-ment proceeded in, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any such Principal Land Coal Meter or Mctm, appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, after having received any such Notice as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse, within the Space of Two Hours after the Receipt of such Notice, to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters to the House, Lodging or other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers accordingly; or if any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters shall refuse or neglect to remeasure such Coals, then, and in every such case, any such Pro-cipal Land Coal Meter or Meters, and Labouring Laud Coil Meter or Meters, so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit nd pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any such Purchaser or Purchasers, or any other Person or Persons, shall prevent, obstruct or interrupt, or attempt to prevent any such Remeaforeraeat being proceeded in and made by such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters, sent by any such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters in cos-sequence of any such Notice, then, and in every such case, such Pnr-chafer or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons, so offending, ihH for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tea Pounds. '

XXXIX. Provided always, and he it further enacted, That when and as often as any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage shall be (lopped or detained for the Purpose or under Pretence o? readme* furing the Coals, or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of every fad Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, shall he entitled to the Sum of Three Shiflings per Hour, for every Hour the Cart shall be so detained, and so in proportion for any Fraction of an Hour over usd above the usual Cartage of such Coals, which Three Shillings^ Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals, in case the fan* or any Part thereof shall upon the Remeasurement thereof be sourd deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of such Coals, in case the same shall not he remeasured, or shall upon such Remeasurement be found to amount to the Quantity for which such Coals were fold.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Coals which shall be sold by Weight, at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place wish the Limits of this Act, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall be sold or weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weight con-fifling of One hundred and twelve Pounds avoirdupois Weight, and Twenty such Hundred Weight shall be and he deemed and taken to be One Ton; and all such Coals so to be sold shall be weighed and loaded at such Wharf or Warehouse or other Place of Sale, u the Presence of One of the Labouring Land Meters to be appointed pursuant to this Act, and such Labouring Meter is hereby authorised and required to superintend and inspect the weighing and loading et all such Coals so sold by the Weight, in order Uiatfuch Meter may fee and be satisfied that in every such loading the full Weight of Coals is actually given, which shall he expressed in the Vender's Ticket, and such Meter may refuse to countersign the Vender'} Ticket of any such Coals, in case such Meter (half not fee that the full and proper Weight shall be given, according to the Quantity which shall he expressed in such Vender's Ticket, but such Meter shall, and he is hereby required to countersign the same, in case tk

proper

A.D. 181&

58° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

759

proper Weight' shall be given according to such Quantity of* Coals expressed in such Vender's Ticket; and for such Infpfe&ion of such Coals lb sold by Weight there shall be paid by the Vender or Venders thereof, or by-the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Ware-, house or other Place from whence such Coals shall be sent, to the principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this. Ad,

Sixpence for every Ton of Coals so weighed under the Meter's In-. Fee to Principal spe&ion, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than Meter.

One Ton, and such Sum of Money shall be repaid to such Vender or Venders by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XLL And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders. Vender'! Ticket of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals so sold by Weight within the, to be sent with Limits of this Act, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Pur- sold by chafer or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her or their Servant or Ser- Wels vants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloacted, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following; that is to say,

4 J^TR. A. 19.

[Here insert the Name of the Buyer.] Take Notice,

1 That you are to receive herewith [Here insert the Number]

4 Tons [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, for inspeding which 1 Coals you are, in conformity to an Act of Parliament made in the 1 Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to repay me the undersigned [Here insert the Name of the Seller] the Sum of [Here insert the Amount of the InfbcQion Charge] being at and 1 after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold to and to be' r

4 received by you herewith.'

( Signed) C. D.

[Here insert the Name of the Setter A

(Countersigned) E. F.

[Here insert the Name of the Meter.]

And in case such Vender or Venders do not deliver, or cause to be Vender not de-delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid, and so countersigned by a Meter livering Ticket, as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals are unloacted, every such Vender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Penalty. Carman, Driver of or other Person attending any such Cart, Wag- Carman not gon or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals to whom any such del£crir'?j.ame Ticket shall have been given by or- by the Orders of the Vender, UIC a er' in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first re- ceived the same from the Vender or any Person by the Direction of the Vender) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be unloadedf such Carman, Driver or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all .Coals Cculs to be fcld whatsoever fold within the Limits of this Act, save and except only either by such Coals as shall be sold by Weight in manner aforesaid, shall be Weight, or by fold either by the Chaldron, such Chaldron to confiff of Thirty fix jj'en^j'*ldr011 of such Bushels so heaped up as aforesaid, or else by such Buihel as u aforesaid, or by the Half Buihel, Peck or-Half Peck, provided such smaller Ivteafure shall be some aliquot Part of such Bushel Measure, any thiag herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

3 C 4 XLIII. Pro-

GxxL

56s GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Vender notde. livering a Meter* Ticket with Wharf Measure Coals.

Penalty.

Sack* to be foaled and ranked.

DimenGons of 8ecks.

Vender, Itc. tiling Sacks not sealed, Icc. and not of proper 'DimenGons.

Penalty.

Pioviso.

Meter permitting Sacks to be used of too small Dimenfigns*

XXV. And be it further rafted. Hut if any Quantity whatever of Coals exceeding Eight Bushels fold, or to be sold, as and far Wharf Measure, shall be feat or driven in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or carried by Gang Labour, from any Wind, Warehouse or Place, fitoate within the Limits of this Act, witboa having been measured by such Bushel Measure as it directed and described by the said recited Act, or without such Meter's Ticket a aforesaid so signed and couoterfigned as aforesaid baaing been firi obtained, or if such Ticket as aforesaid shall not be delivered to the Pure loafer or Purchasers of any such Coals, before any Part of fodi Coals are (hot or delivered upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Ssa not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Sack shall be nod use of in the Delivery of Coals from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Baige or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place witbis the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of Lm-don and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or withh such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middltfa Surrey, Kent and Essex* as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, except such Sack flail be made of Linen, and shall have been first sealed and marked with White Paint in Oil, at Guildhall, London, or at the Exchequer Office, Westminster, by the proper Officer there, and shall at the time of making use of such Sack measure in the Inside thereof it least Four Feet and Two Inches in Length, by Two Feet and Ose Inch in Breadth; and no Sack shall be sealed or marked which flufl not, at the time of the marking or sealing thereof, measure in the In-fide thereof Four Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Inches in Breadth; and if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, shall use, or cause to be used, any Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coal* within the several and respective Cities, Liberties and Parts aforesaid, not sealed or marked as aforesaid, or of less Length at the time of using the same than Four Feet and Two Inches at the kaft, tn the Inside thereof, or of less Breadth than Two Feet and One loch at the lead, in the Inside thereof, then and in every such case every such Vender of, or Dealer in or Carrier of Coals, mail for every such Sack so unmarked, or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit tad pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings; and the Jtiftice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall take place shall cause every such Sack found unmarked or deficient, either in Length or Breadth, to be destroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be delivered by Gang Labour may be conveyed without the Use of such Sacks $ any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Labouring Coal Meter to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall use, or knowingly permit or suffer any Sack or Sacks to be made nfe of for the peafuring or carrying of Coals, of less DimenGons than such Sacks as are directed to be used for that Purpose by this Act, at any Jplace or Places within the Limits of this Act, then and ip every

56° GEO. III. C.xxi.

751

'uch case every such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such D (Fence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bushel shall be kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurexnent of any Coals fold within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and WtfiminRcr, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middle-fen, Surrey, Kent and Essex, as is or are situate within the Didance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which shall not be such Bushel as is described in ana by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the speedy and effectual pre/erving of the Navigation of the River of Thames, by fopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for ascertaining the Coal Measure, and which shall not have been firit damped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at We/lmin-fler, or at the Guildhall London, previously to the same being so kept or used, and that every such Bushel, prenoufly to being so stamped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper Hoops, and shall be so damped or marked with a Steel Indrument on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every such Bushel shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of such Bushel all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such Bushef in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Bushel to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of Coals shall confid of Thirty fix of such Bushels so heaped, and so in Proportion for any lefTer Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, shall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Bushel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Bushel as aforesaid, and so damped as aforesaid, or shall in anywise decrease or diminish any such Bushel damped as aforesaid, or shall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make use of in admeasuring of any Coals any Bushel other than such Bushel as aforesaid damped as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever shall in any manner decrease or diminish any such Bushel damped as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respectively for every such Offence shall be committed to the House of Correction, by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure shall be dissatisfied with the Measurement which shall have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehouse or

other

Penalty.

What Bushel Measure to »* made use of.

ia Ann. Stat. 1. c.17. §11, is-To be damped.

Vender, 8cc. using Bushel nefe damped.

Penalty.

Diminishing

Bushel

Imptifonment.

Venders, of Coals sold as Wharf Measure, if dfflatiefied, may hgve them retneafbrtd.

C.xxi.

56° GEO. III.

Mot attending.

Penalty.

Labouring Meters subject to the Coutroul of Just ices.

Coal Meters not to be mterefted In the Ssle of Coals.

Penalty on Principal Meter. Penalty on Deputy Meter.

Land Coal Meters may demand from Vender or Wharfinger a Sight of the Ship's Certificate.

Warehouse or other Place, or if Notice requiring the Attends of a Labouring Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Warehouse other Place to be named in such Notice, for the Purpose of tnt Turing or to fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Dr required of Labouring Meters by this Act, shall be gi?eB a d Office of the said Principal Land Coal Meter; and such Labors Coal Meter or Meters shall not attend pursuant to any foci STs6c within the Space of Two Hours from the giving of the fast, a* do his or their Duty according to the true Intent and Mo&ag oi this Act, then and in every such case every such Labouring C«1 Meter, and the said Principal Land Coal Meter, shall for every kb Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

X* And be it further enacted, That each and every Laiourrc Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent or Servant of the Principal Laud CaJ Meter, for the Execution of this Act, shall be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction and Controul of the said Just ices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for the County of EJe*, with their ns ipeftive Jurisdictions, in General or Quarter Semons afohW, cd shall and maybe dismissed and suspended by such General or Qwter Sessions respectively, from the Execution and Emoluments 5 tbcj said respective Offices, on Complaint and Proof of any Fraad, Dr-fault, Neglect or other Misbehaviour in the Management or locution thereof, all which Complaints shall and may be hard md determined by the said Courts m a summary Way.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, flat if tie hid Principal Land Coal Meter, or any of the Persons to be en^oyd under him, shall at any time or times hereafter, during b* aria respective Continuance in Office or Employment as afcrdsA, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of aarCml* whatsoever, otherwise than in the Discharge of his or their ted rr» spective Offices, such Principal Land Coal Meter so oftndiig £b0, j for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One bsfti Pounds, and such Deputy Coal Meter, and Labouring Cod Met* respectively, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and par tie Sol of Fifty Pounds, and being thereof respectively conriaed befog the said Court of Quarter Sessions for the said County of Mid&fti or Essex (according to the Jurisdiction), shall be diuni&dfoa or their laid respective Office or Employment, and be for ever it abled from holding or executing the same or any other aider tia Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoever, fod and to be sent in any|Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, fooq any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place or Places within the Limits s this Act, and also all Coals whatsoever fold and to be (cat by Gal Labour, from or over any Wharf or other Place where mylw Meter shall be (Utioned, situate within such Limits or DifkriftH previously to such Coals being so sent away, be carefully ufr&l and examined by the Principal or One of the Labourite LmACoj Meters, in order that such Principal or Labouring Land Coil M«s may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such Coalsbes sent away in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage V are of the Sa or Description mentioned in the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every Vf* ders and Vender of such Cods to the Purchaser or Porcbea

thereof

753

A.O.me. se° geo. hi. c-nfu

to any Penalty or Penalties in aefpeft thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI* And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders Venden to d*. of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf liver Tickets of Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or7 __

from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the said Port* u

of London, or within the said respective Cities of London or Wef* tninJUr9 or the rgspective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent or EJenf as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered, a printed Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered, v

the same Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or Purchaser* of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or 3*x

other Carnage, shall be (hot or delivered therefrom, and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following s

VENDER'S TICKET.

4 jyj R. A. B* [Here insert the Name of the Buyer] Take Noticed that you are to receive herewith \Hcre insert the NumberJ

Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, [Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the'] Coals, f Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals j

and that by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign

of King George the Third, the Carman is directed to deliver this Ticket, before he (hoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Wag- gon, and that a Buftiel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by

which the Carman is directed to measure gratis (under the Penalty

of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack which

the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain

Three Bufiiels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outside of

the Meafdre being the Extremity of the Base thereof. C. Dm 4 f Here insert the Name of the Vender.] E. F. £Here insert the Name of the Labouring Meter, in case of the Coals being sent from within either of the DtJlriSs of the said reJheQive Offices.] Dated [ Here insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such Ticket wasfgned.]*

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not deliver, or cause Vender not <te-to be delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Pur- ll»tr*wf Ticket, chafers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant of Servants before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Vender or Ven4ers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of or other Person Penalty, attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any Carman not de-fuctwCoab aforesaid, to whom such Ticket (bill have been given by j^ke? to Purer by the Direction of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the du£eu Purchaser, shall (having so. first. received the same from the Vender or any Person by the Vender's Orders) rsfufe or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or 56 Geo. III. 3 C to

C.xxi.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 111^

Wharfinger, Sec.

obstructing

Meter.

Penalty.

Pool Measure Coala when Tent by Waggon.

Form of the Vender's Ticket to be sent therewith.

cording to the best of such MeterV Jadgfatent, that any Sack or Sacks used in loading any such Coals do not contain when loaded each the Quantity of Three Bushels of Coals, or in case such Meter shall observe that anj such Coals sold as the Coals of any particular Room or Rooms, mall not in fad be taken out of such particular Room or Rooms so fold or to be sold, or that the whole of the Coals contained in such particular Room or Rooms (hill sot be entirely emptied out of the same, then and in every such cafek M and may be lawful to and for such Meter to refuse to comtersgs the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or <n the behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of &ich Coals to thr Purchaser or Purchasers thereof $ and if any Wharfinger, Coal Ports or other Person or Persons, shall in any manner ob&rud, binds or prevent such Meter in or from the Performance of any such Duty or Duties so required of such Meter by this Act, then and in citrj such case every such Person so offending shall, for every such Ofocr, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Vesta or Vender of, or Dealers or Dealer in any Coals fold, sent or takes away, as and for -Pool Measure from any Ship, Veslid, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Act, and to be delivered to the Par. chafer or Purchasers thereof, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and be, (he and they is and are hereby required to debar, or cause to be delivered, a Ticket to the Purchaser or Pucbafa of such Coals, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, beta ay Pat of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other CaimgtM be (hot or delivered therefrom; and every such Ticket or Piptr UL be in the Words and Form following

AIR. A. B.

[Here tnfert the Name of the Purchaser] Tike Notice, that you are to receive herewith [ Here tnfert the AW her"] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals, [Hen aftrt the Number'] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals [Htrt tnfert the Number] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals, for inspeding the Loading and Quality of which Coals you are, oo the Receipt of this Ticket, in Conformity to an Act of Parbaaeot, made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to pay the undersigned E. F.

[Here tnfert the None sj I the Vender] the Sam of [Here tnfert the Amount of the Cmfeo-fation direffed by this A3 to be riven to such Principal Meter j* the InfbeBion of such Coals, calculating the same as by thit At directed] being at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat sold to, and to be received by you herewith; and by the same Ad this Ticket is directed to be delivered to you before any of the Coals are (hot out of the Ckzt or Waggon, and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart orWagr, by which the Carman is directed to measure gratis, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, the Coals contained in any One Sack, which the Purchaser, or his Servant or Servants may reauire, wbck Sack is to contain Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of i Cone, the Height of such Cone to be at lead Six Inches, sad the Outside of the Measure to be the Extremity of the Base of.such Cone, and, that in case of your being dissatisfied with the Coals now sent, you are entitled by the same Ad to haw tk

«fame

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C.xxi.

755

XX3CIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Pur- Coal* Tent by chafer or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall Land Carriage be dissatisfied with the Measure of any-Coals fold or to be deli- jf defircTby'the vered within the Limits of this Act, or of the said recited Act, and purchafcr/ lent to him, her or them, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage,

/hall Signify to the Carman, or other Person attending such Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, his, her or their Desire to have the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals remeasured, then and in every such case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, in which such Coals shall be brought, shall, and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the House, Lodging or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Qoals, and the Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, until such Coals are remeasured; and Carmm driving if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or fpffer before Re-to be driven away, any such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, be- measurenQenK fore the Coals contained therein shall be remeasured, without the Consent of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and in evenr such case such Carman or Driver shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Pur- Purchasers to, chafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, so desiring such fend Notice to Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be re- ^eGrou^u^ meaftired, shall, and he, (he or they is and are hereby required tp fend have*Coals re-or cause to be sent to the Vender or Venders of the said Coals, or measured. to his, her or their Wharf, Warehouse or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are to be remeasured, and such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall, and he, ihe or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any One of the Offices of the said Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the Offices of the Principal Land Coal Meters appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, of his, her or their Desire to have such Coals remeasured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Labouring M«J Meters appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited ter to attend. Act, (not being the Meter under whose inspection the said Coa)s were originally measured, ) shall within the Space of Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing, left at the Office of any such Principal Land Coal Meter aforesaid, attend from such Office where such Notice shall be fi> left at the House, Lodgings or other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers as shall be expreUed in such Notice, for the Purpose of reipeafuring the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the same in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, and Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them shall attend to fre the same remeasured; and in case such Vender or Vender or Par-Vendere, or Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Agent or chaffr not ai-Servant* Agents or Servants, shall not attend for the Purpose of seeing such Coals £o remeasured, then such Meter shall proceed on the tfieafuring of such Coal9 in his, her or their Abf<?nce, and such - J Meter shall, and he is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, to remeasure such Coals either by the distinct Sacks, fp 3s to ascertain the Contents of eaf h par-

3 C 2* ticular

C. XXL

56° GEO. III

AJUS1

the Intervention of a Meter.

Purchasers of Coals Cent by Water may nave the same remeasured, in case Fraud be suspected.

Lighterman, ftc. not leaving Lighter for that Purpose.

Penalty on the Owner.

Penalty on Lighterman. Notice of re-measuring by Purchaser, and thereupon Me* ter to attend.

or Purchaser* shall appoint, (provided such Landag Place or ] mises be not a Coal Wharf, or Place where any Meter shall by of this Act be stationed) or from having such Coals unloaded a livered at such Premises or Landing Place, either by Gang 1 or in any other manner, except in or by Meant of any Cart, gon or other Land Carriage, without the Presence, Iotemstu^j Xnfpeftion of any Land Meter, and without being subject or to the Payment of any Sum or Sum* of Money whatsoewr to m Land Meter for or in nefpeft of such Coal*; but in case fuchLiadqj Place shall be within the Limit* of this Act, and such Pardderte Purchaser* shall require the Care or Attendance of a Land Man) then he, /he or they shall have and be entitled to such Attndnfli upon fending Notice of such hi*, her or their Desire to the hid ftifl eipal or any other Land Meter's Office appointed by virtue of dl Act; and in such case such Purchaser or Purchafen ihaflpayai be charged for the Attendance of such Meter, at and after til aforesaid Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons md OaeV* of such Coal*.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Pnrtbafir of ay Coal* fold and sent to such Purchaser by any Ligliter, Barge orotkf Craft, from any Place within the Limits of this Act, or of the fat recited Act, shall think or suspect that the full and lawful Mnfaesf any such Coals has not been sent, and shall, before tfeLgkenni or other Person having the Care or Management of fad Ligliter, Barge or other Craft shall have delivered up to the Panhd3, or ts his, her or their Servant, such Ligliter, Barge or aricrCafc, md quitted the Charge thereof, and before Bulk mall be bcokad fad Coals, signify hi* or her Desire to have such Coal* remained, &ei and in every fudi case the Lighterman or other Person fax viflkds Ligliter, Barge or Craft in which the said Coals /kaQbebnwk, Zhafi either continue at the Landing Place or Premises of thr to* chafer of the said Coals, with the said Ligliter, Bam or ether Crrft, until such Coals are remeasured, or shall leave such Ligliter, Bate or other Craftfproperly fattened and made secure at fuchLaading Fin or Premises, or as near thereto as can be, and permit the faaefeta remain there until such Coals are remeasured, under the Panfry of Ten Pounds on the Owner and Proprietor, and Forty Shdfagi in the Lighterman or other Person sent with such Ligliter, Bap or other Craft; and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend orettfc to be sent to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or bar Wfaf, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are going to beifmafai, and also fend Notice in Writing thereof to any One of the Oioet of the Land Coal Meters appointed by or by virtue of tbs Ad, by the said recited Act, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or ok d the Labouring Meters for the Execution of this Act or the tit-cited A ft, as the case may be (not being the Meter under visit b-speftion any such Coals may have been originally loaded) Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the Ok «f any such Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, attend from such Office where such Notice shall be so left to remeasure the said Coals, and shall accordsgb* measure the same with the Bn/hel Measure in the Preface«tk Vender and Purchaser of the said Coals, or their Agent* or Senxft if any of them shall attend for the Purpose of seeing such Cod*

15 meafsti;

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III.

Cni.

747

measured $ and in case it shall appear upon the Remeasurement of Deficiencyp-

such Coals by such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter, as shall at-

tend for die Purpose of remeasuring of such Coals, that such Coals rQPorU011, do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then and in every such case, if such Coals have been sold as and for Pool Measure, the Vender of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such case such Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof $ but in case any such Coals so remeasured and found deficient shall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Measure, then and in such case the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel so found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the By whom Ex-

Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter appointed by pencei of Re-or by virtue of this Act, and of the said recited Act, so remeasuring, ^»ement shall be paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so re- ut 10*

measured by him, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron, and if upon any such Remeasurement the

whole of the Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then and in such case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in fcafe such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bnihel, pay the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then and in such case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Co*]* sold by herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to require Pool Measure any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure to be measured by the

Bushel Measure previously to such Coals being loaded and sent away J in any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage form the Vender's^Purchaser. Wharf or Place of Sale, unless by the Desire of the Purchaser of any such Coals.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold or loaded to Coals sold by be sold as and for Wharf Measure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Wharf Measure Bushels, at or from any Place or Places within the Limits of tnis the'ltofeoce Act, shall be measured in the Presence of One of the said Labour- of t Land coal ing Coal Meters to be appointed by virtue of this Act, by the Meter.

Bushel Measure heaped up as by this Act is directed, and the said Labouring Coal Meters, and every of them, shall and may, and they

and he are and is hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bushel or Bushels of any such Coals as shall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons To vending or contrafting for the Sale of the fiud Coals, or so loading any such Coals for Sale.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Labouring^Offering Coal Meter shall wittingly or willingly fufifer any Coals exceeding

Eight

out without being measured.

Penalty.

Fee to Coal Meters for Wharf Measure Coals, and by whom paid.

Ticket to Carmen. Contents thereof.

Delivered to Carman by Labouring Coal Meter.

CL m

56° GEO- HL

AJXlsU

Eight Bushela, which shall be sold or loaded to be (bid as ad Wharf Measure, to be lent from any Wharf, Warehouse or o( Place within the Limits of his Office, without such Coals hi measured in the manner herein directed, and shall not give Isfca don thereof to the Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by virtue of this Act, within Two Days next after such Conk Aafl I been measured, then and in every such case such Labour^ ( Meter shall for ever thenceforth be rendered incapable of aflag a Labouring Coal Meter, and forfeit and pay any Sum aotoced ing Ten Pounds. "

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Sixpence! every Chaldron of Coals which shall be sold and delivered at ad Wharf Measure, at any Wharf, Warehouse or Place within l Limits of this Act, and so in Proportion for any greater or li Quantity than a Chaldron, shall be paid by the Occupier or Ocd piers of the Wharf, Warehouse or Puce from which such Coals d taken, or by the Seller or Vender of such Coals to the bid frinop Land Coal Meter for the Execution of this Act, and thereupon fudb Principal Land Coal Meter is hereby required to deliver, or aafe be delivered, to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carman who*cart, lead, drive or carry away the same, a Paper Writing, or Ti iigned by the Principal Land Coal Meter, and counterigned by tW] Labouring Coal Meter attending, and delivering the (tat, m wbkk shall be contained the Chridian and Surname or Names of tie refer- i tive Seller or Seliers, Vender or Venders, and also either tk Cfeifcn and Surname or Names, or only the Surname or Nun cldc hr-chafer or Purchasers, Consumer or Consumers of the said Coals u& the Quantity of such Coals, and the Day of the Week, Mold ml Year of the Delivery, and Admeasurement, and Amount of tk Met tage Charge, and the Names of the Carman or Persons employed cart, lead, drive or carry the same Coals, and also ftuD cosub Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, tlat if b % (he or they is or are dissatisfied with the Measure thereof, ad iul desire to have all such Coals remtasured, such Di(Tatis£a£boo ndbe expressed to the Carman, before more than One Sack of such Cods is (hot or unladen from the Waggon, Cart or other Carriage coo* veying the same; and that if such Purchaser or Porchafcnflall be so dissatisfied, and shall desire to have all or any of the partial Sacks remaining in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage remeasaud, so as to ascertain the Contents of each or any of such pvtiak Sacks, then that such Desire must be expressed to the Carman brim any of the Sacks of Coals which such Purchaser or Puicfca&n ki desire to have remeasured, shall he (hot or unloaden from tk Cat Waggon or other Carriage in which the Dame shall be feat; ubri said Ticket, being thus made complete, and Metage paid, kUk delivered unaltered by the Labouring Coal Meter, countn^ssg the same without Delay to the Carman or Person employed to art, cany, drive or lead the Coals described in such Ticket, to tkPar* chafer or Consumer therein named, which said Ticket unaltered, tk said Carman or Person therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals in such Ticket described, shall and be it hereby required to deliver to the respective Consumers or Pnrcha&n thorn named, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive tk Coals described in such Ticket for the Uie of such Pnchafo*

ConfuDff,

i

56*GEO.IIL

Cnt

749

Consumer, and thereupon he, (he or they is and are hereby required to

pay to the Seller named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specified,

and if the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning such Ticket shall Labouring Me-

after Payment or Tender of the Metage charged in pursuance of this ter refuGng to

Ad, refuse to deliver such Ticket as hereinbefore directed to the deliver Ticket to

Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals Carrnao'

therein described, such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if Penalty.

such Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Carman not ds-

Coals described in such Ticket, shall, after the same Ticket shall

have been so delivered to him by the Labouring Coal Meter coun- to urc

terfigning the same, either alter or neglect, or refuse to deliver the

same Ticket to the Purchaser or Container therein named, or to the

Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in

such Ticket, such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead or drive

the Coals described in such Ticket, shall forfeit and pay, for every pena]Cy.

such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Whaifingers Dealer in Coals shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or cause to be giving Bribes to given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meter MeUrl*

or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Metage of

Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal or La- Me^rs isetir-bouring Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed pursuant to verinTfclfr this Act, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a false or counterfeited Tickets. Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman or other Person,

with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by the Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, or if such Principal Land or Labouring Coal Meter Ih&ll, willingiy permit or suffer to be made false Measure of any Coals, or shall deliver a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall have not seen measured, or shall countersign any Vender's Ticket for any Coals, without having inspected such Coals, or without seeing and taking Care that the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been firfk completely emptied out of and loaded from such particular Room or Rooms so fold, then and in every such case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever Serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Meter. Penalty.

XXV. And

C. xxL

56° GEO. III.

Vender not delivering a Meter'* Ticket with Wharf Measure Coals.

Penalty.

Sack* to be foiled and

Dimensions of socks.

Vender, fcc. using Sacks not sealed, Icc. and not of proper 'Dhneniioftt.

Penalty.

Proviso.

Meter permitting Sacks to be used of too small Dimensions.

XXV. And be it farther sanded, That if any Quantity erer of Coals exceeding Eight Bushels fold, or to be ibid, as asd Wharf Measure, shall be sent or driven in any Cart, Waggee other Carriage, or carried by Gang Labour, from any Wk Warehouse or Place, situate within the Limiu of this Act, wkbdl haring been measured by such Bufttel Meafare at it directed rod If scribed by the said recited Act, or without such Meter's Ticket I aforesaid so signed and countersigned as aforesaid haring ben ki obtained, or if such Ticket as aforesaid shall not be defivcnd to til Purcfyafer or Purchasers of any such Coals, before any Pwtof Wh Coals are (hot or delivered upon the Premiles of such Pnrdafcr nt Purchasers, then and in every such case the Vender or Vestal such Coals shall, for every inch Offence, forfeit and pay wsj $m not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Sack shall be soh use of in the Delivery of Coals from any Ship, Veffd, Light*, fingv or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place vr£m the said Port of London, or within the said respediee Odes of Lm» don and Weshntnfter^ or the respective Liberties thereof, or with* such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Mtddkje* Surrey, Kent and EJfexy as is or are situate within the Difbaoesf Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, except such Sad til be made of Linen, and shall have been first sealed and auribed mtb White Paint in Oil, at Guildhall, London, or at the £idba|oer Office, Westminster, by the proper Officer there, sad Ad at the time of making use of such Sack measure in the Ln&fe tbtxeof it least Four Feet and Two Inches in Length, by Two Fed mb Ok Inch in Breadth; and no Sack shall be lealed or marked which til not, at the time of the marking or sealing thereof, measure in the In-fide thereof Four Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Inches in Breadth; and if any Vender or Vender* or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, Sufi use, or cause to be used, any Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Cods within the several and respective Cities, Liberties and Parts afbrc&d, not sealed or marked as aforesaid, or of less Length at the tint of using the same than Four Feet and Two Inches at the lease the Inside thereof, or of less Breadth than Two Feet and One loch at the least, in the Inside thereof, then and in every such case every such Vender of, or Dealer in or Carrier of Coals, mail for every inch Sack so unmarked, or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit mi pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less this Tweetf Shillings; and the Justice or Just ices before whom such Cosv&ot shall take place shall cause every such Sack found unmarked or de£» cient, either in Length or Breadth, to be destroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be delivered by Gang Labour may be m* veyed without the Use of such Sacks; any thing herds cosflti

to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it farther enacted, That if any LahonmgCul Meter to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall use, or kaowtif permit or fuller any Sack or Sacks to be made use of so»pieafuring or carrying of Coals, of less Dimensions than such Sich as are directed to be used for that Purpose by this Act, it wf ^Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, then and ip ever

fed

A.D. 1316,

55 GEO. III.

C.xxi.

751

r such case every such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such; Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Buihel shall be.kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurement of any Coals fold, within the said Port of Londoni, or within the said respedbve Cities of j London and West minder, or the respective Liberties thereof, or

within such Part or rails of the said respective Counties of Middle-r /ex, Surrey, Kent and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance f of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which ! shall not be such Bushel as is described in and by an Act made

in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, t intituled An Act for the speedy and effectual preserving of the Na-. vigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for afeeir-taining the Coal Measure, and which shall not nave been fird damped

or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Westmin-

Jler, or at the Guildhall London, previously to the same being so kept or used, and that every such Buihel, previously to being so damped

k' or marked, shall be fitted for Work and -Use with Iron or Copper r Hoops, and shall be so damped or marked with a Steel Indrument; on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every such Bushel: shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in " making use of such Bushel all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such 1 Buihel in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Bushel to be the Extre-: mity of the Base of such Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of; Coals shall confid of Thirty fix of such Buihels so heaped, and so

in Proportion for any letter Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealersf in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid,

shall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any '* Bushel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Bushel ? as aforesaid, and so damped as aforesaid, or shall in anywise decrease

or diminish any such Bufiiel damped as aforesaid, or shall permit his, t her or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whom-: soever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealers

in, or Vender or Venders of Coals so offending, shall forfeit and pay'for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty

Pounds; and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or ' Persons acting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make use of in admeasuring of any [ Coals any Bufiiel other than such Bushel as aforesaid damped as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or

Persons whomsoever shall in any manner decrease or diminifii any such Bufiiel damped as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Servant

f or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respectively for every such Offence shall be committed to the House of Correction, by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX. Provided alwayB, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure shall be difiatisfied with the Measurement which Audi have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehouse or

other

Penalty.

What Buihel Measure to rn made use of.

IX Ann. Stat. x. c.17. § 11, ix-To be stamped.

Vender, &c. using Buihel net damped.

Penalty.

Dimioitfiing

Bushel.

Imptifonment.

Venders, &c. of Coals sold as Wharf Measure, if dfflatisfied, may hgve them remsafered.

C. xxL

56* GEO. in.

AJL181

Notice of Delire of Remeafuie-

e for Remea-furement.

Excess of Quimii/.

Penalty.

Carman to carry a Buihel Me*-fore In his Cart.

To be provided by Vender, fice. Carman not having such BuflieL

Penalty on Carman and Vender. Proviso for Coala carried in Bulk.

other Place of Sale within the Limits of this A 6b, by or ends l Inspection of the Labouring Land Coal Meter ftarioned or aItrad at such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, then and in everyth case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Vender or Veoderu or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before such Coals are fist any fa such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place of Sale, to fend, or ask be sent, to the Office of the Principal Land Coal Meter ford* E ecution of this Act, Notice in Writing, signifying the Defer of foe Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to fair foe Coals remeasured, and then and in such case such Principal Mete or One of the Labouring Meters of or from such Office, (not boa] the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals were onpal roeasured, ) shall within the Space of Two Hours next after fud Nfi tice in Writing left at such Office, attend to remeasure the said Case and shall accordingly remeasure the same. Sack by Sack, by & Buihel Measure, in the Presence of such Vender or Vender* of a Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, or his, her or their Agent or Servant, or Agents or Servants, and for such Remtafaxmest fed Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealer? in Coab (htU pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Principal Coal Meter the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and a ak n shall appear, upon such Remeasurement, that the Cods so renes. sured shall exceed the Quantity for which the same were hid, thn and in such case, if such Excess shall be equal or amosottpsr acred Two Buihels in any Chaldron so remeasured, the Meter wfofed an-sured such Coals (nail for every Buihel so exceeding fad Quaky as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Stuffings together with all the Expences of such Remeasurement.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Canon or Dmu of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with Cosh for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof say asy Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Cm* of Coals from any Ship, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from ary Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within* the said Port of IssJk, or within the said respective Cities of London and Wefinvfn, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or nru« the respective Counties of Middlesexf Kent, Surrey and Eftx % usir I are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles froea the Rcysf Exchange aforesaid, shall not have placed on some coofpcatf j Part of his Cart, Waggon or Carriage, a perfe6fc Buihel Meairr of the Form, Size or Dimensions, and lo damped or marked si hoes- before dire6bed, (which Measure shall be provided by the Voder Venders, Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of fad Cod} then and in every such case every such Carman or Driver of fad Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, not having such Bu&el Mob so placed therein or thereon, (nail, for every such Offence, fe& and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and the fair or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Caring such Coals, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tstaty Pounds: Provided always, that Coals which shall be carried or a* veyed in Bulk, or in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage bekadf to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, may be lo aninir conveyed without the Carman .being obliged to carry t faW Measure therewith, or any Person or rerfona being subject or I*

753

A.D. 1*16. $6° GEO. III. Cnd.

to any Penalty or Penalties in otfpeft thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders Venders to desc of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf l'*er Tickets of Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or M

from any Wharf, Warehouse or otter Place within the said Port ea u

of London* or within the said respective Cities of London or Westminster, or the r^spective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent or EJfen* as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered, a printed Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered,

[ the same Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, shall be (hot or delivered therefrom, and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following

VENDER'S TICKET.

B.

[Here insert the Name of the Buyer"] Take Noticed

that you are to receive herewith [Here insert the NumberJ

Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, [Here insert the

f*Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, J'Here; 4 insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals

f*and that by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign

' of King George the Third, the Carman is directed to deliver this

r*Ticket, before he (hoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Wag-

gon, and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by

'*which the Carman is directed to measure gratis (under the Penalty

of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack which

'*the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain

4 Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outside of the Meafdre being the Extremity of the Base thereof. C. Dm

4 [ Here insert the Name of the Vender.] E. F.

[Here insert the Name of the Labouring Meter, in case of the Coals being sent from within either of the DistriQs of the fasd rejheffive Offices.] Dated [ Here insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such \ 4 Ticket wasfgnea.]*

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not tlelivet, or cause Vender not <fe-to be delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Pur- liming Ticket, chafers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant of Servants before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Vender or Ven4ers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds 5 and in case the Carman, Driver of or other Person Penalty, attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any |Carl!n*rirno5 fuchwCoals aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall lave been given by xi*kef to Pur-or by the Direction of the Vender, in order to be delivered, to the chafer. Purchaser, shall (having so. first received the same from the Vender or any Person by the Vender's Orders) rtfufe or neglect to deliver such Ticket n aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or 56 Gxo. III. 31 to

C.xxi.

56° GEO. III.

JLDm

Penalty.

Carman required to measure One Sack

gietis in etch Cart

Carman driving Coals away without mcafuring the Sack.

to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of hi Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver or other Person atorehid, fkli, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not accc&g Ta Pounds.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tht dr Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other CarmgtUhvri Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Pimk&ri thereof by the-Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Deafen Sikh Coals, from any Ship, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, orknuy Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the said Port of Luky or within the said respective Cities of London and Wtjkofay or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Pats d the respective Counties of Middlefesc, Surrey, Kent udjE^asaar are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Ronl Exchange aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby dive&d to oeafsfr gratis, if he shall be required so to do, the Coals contra! is acy one of the Sacks contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, which may be chosen by the Purchaser orrurdufen of tk said Coals, or his or their Servant or Servants, or other Pafa or Persons ailing on the behalf of such Purchaser or PordBin, ri such Bushel Measure as aforesaid, in order that such Purchaser cr Purchasers may be better enabled to judge of the Neoefor of having the whole of such Coals remeanired in mam»$red«ik this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if oy Canoe or Driver of any Cart or Waggon or other Carriage ladoiahCoi for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Pordafaktk Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in fuchCoak, foc* Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or firomaiyWbi Warehouse or other Place within the said Port of Loader or da: the said respective Cities of London and 1Veftmlnfiery or tk rdpett* Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the (jud rdpecbtc

Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and Essex, as is or ire utuztr within the Diilance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Eick? aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to measure by the said Bushel Mo* sure, such Sacks of Coals in manner herein directed, whratkrara required by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or by & Tier or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Wok by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers to he measured, or if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or p* mit or fuflfer the said Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be dwe away without tneafuring in manner herein directed the hid fed* Corns, or shall hinder, obstruct or otherwise prevent the Pmckfr or. Purchasers of such Coals, or his, her or their Servant or Sena or any other Person or Persons whomsoever from meafunog&ki Bushel Measure, or all or any Sack or Sacks in such ha Ofc Waggon or other Carriage, then and in every such case hot & Carman or Driver so offending shall, for every such Offence, 'Ms Penalty on Car- and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds norkfsttafa man^and on Pounds; and the Vender or Venders of, or the Dealer or Deakrss 011 such Coals, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tvcy

Pounds, nor left thia Five Pounds.

xxxiv>

A'D'1816. 56° GEO. III. C.xxi.

755

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Pur- Coal* sent by chafer or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall Land Carr,^e be dissatisfied with the Measure of any Coals fold or to be deli- SdSSdCr/he vered within the Limit* of this Act, or of the said recited Act, and purcharcr.7 sent to him, her or them, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage,

shall signify to the Carman, or other Person attending such Cart,

Waggon or other Carnage, his, her or their Delire to have the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals remeasured, then and in every such case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, in which such Coals shall be brought, shall, and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the House, Lodging or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Coals, and the Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, until such Coals are remeasured; and Carm«n driving if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or fpfferway before Re-to be driven away, any such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, be- measurcmenty fore the Coals contained therein shall be remeasured, without the Consent of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and in every such case such Carman or Driver shall, for every (Uch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Pur- Purchasers to t chafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, so desiring such f«nd Notice to 'Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be re-measured, shall, and he, Ihe or they is and are hereby required to fend haveCCoals re-or cause to be sent to the Vender or Venders of the said Coals, or measured.

to his, her or their Wharf, Warehouse or Place of Abode, Notice in

Writing that the said Coals are to be remeasured, and such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall, and he,

she or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in

Writing to any One of the Offices of the said Principal Land Coal

Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the Offices

of the Principal Land Coal Meters appointed by virtue of the said

recited Act, of his, her or their Delire to have such Coals remea-

sured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Labouring MeJ

Meters appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited ter to attend. k

Ad, (not being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals

were originally measured, ) shall within the Space of Two Hours

rent after such Notice in Writing, left at the Office of any such

Principal Land Coal Meter aforesaid, attend from such Office where

such Notice shall be fb left at the House, Lodgings or other Premises

of such Purchaser or Purchasers as shall be expressed in such Notice,

for the Purpose of reroeafuring the said Coals, and shall accordingly

remeasure the same in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, and

Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her or their

Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them shall

attend to fee the same remeasured; and in case such Vender or Vender or Par-

Venders, or Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Agent or cha(5rnota

Serrant. Agents or Servants, shall not attend for the Purpose of seeing such Coals so remeasured, then such Meter shall proceed on pr(^<iy the measuring of such Coals in his, her or their Absence, and such -, '

Meter shall, arid he is hereby required, at the Option of the Pur-ebafer or Purchasers of such Coals, to remeasure such Coals either by the distinct Sacks, fp as to ascertain the Contents of eafh par-

3 C 2 ticular

C.xxi.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.M

fee for Remea-furemeoc.

If Deficiency appear.

Penalty on Vender*

Penalty on Vender.

Penalty on Meter.

Penalty on Coal Porters.

Penalty on Vender in proportion to Defi-c«ency.

How far no Re-tucalurcment if enore than One hack thou

ticular Sack of such Coals which shall remain in such Cart, % gon or other Carriage, or else to remeasure such Coals in such naira and so aa to ascertaui the vthole Quantity of such Coals cootabed all the Sacks taken together, and in case the Purchaser or Purciaf< of such Coals shall not either before or immediately upon the Ami of such Meter signify or cau(e to be signified to such Meter bs.their Option or Desire as to which of the said Two Ways he or & would wish such Remeasurement to be taken or made in, then»in every such case such Meter shall proceed to remeasure feckCotJ in such manner, and so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of fee Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and for such R< measurement such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay, or canfe to b paid, to the Principal Land Coal Meter or Coal Meters of ad free the Office to which Notice shall have been sent as afbteU, Sir pence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and m case, ope; the Remeasurement of any such Coals which shall be so rsaeafumi as to ascertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, i: ftzD appear to the Meter so remeasuring the same, that any Sack or Sodu of such Coals shall not contain Three Buffiels, then and a my such case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall for every Sack of Coals that shall he so found deficient on such Remeafaement forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; md a cafo upon the Remeasurement of any fuen Coala as aforeuid «W /btf be remeasured in such manner as to ascertain the whefoQnacifTtf such Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the im tod tar

been, sent taken together, it shall appear to such Meter ndorebd that' the Coals thus remeasured do not amount to the Qontti k which they were fold, then if such lad mentioned Coals ftuB tat been sold as and for Wharf Measure, the Vender or Vesden of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and also forfeit every CUdmo Coals so found deficient or wanting in Measure to and for the 11 of the Poor of the Parish where such Coals shall befereonft and the Labouring Meter under whole Infoe&km the Cask first measured shall, for every Buffiel so deficient, forfeit and the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and the Coal Porters who (foil ba first measured such Coals for the Vender or Venders thereof dull I every Bushel of Coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ti Shillings and Sixpence; hut if any such Coals so remeifared c i manner last mentioned, and so found to amount to left dm tj Quantity for which the same were fold shall have been fold ai sad k Pool Measure, then the Vender or Venders of such Cosh fciS. I case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Buffiels, and not exceed Td Bufiiels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, and pay for every Buffiel of Coals so found deficieat in ere?»Five Chaldrons and One V at the Sum of Forty Shittangs^ case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bu&efe»any Five Oddmi and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such cale such Vh& l Venders of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Seal Five Pounds: Provided neverthelefa, that no such Cosh so fold s sent shall be remeasured so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of (f Coals taken together, after more than One Sack of fuchGoak^ have been (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Cl

It1

56 GEO. III.

C.x».

7B7

riage into or upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Remea-furement of any Coals fold and sent as and for Pool Measure by any Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, and which Remeasurement shall have been made in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, the Coals so remeasured shall be found to be less or more than at the Rate of Three Bushels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks specified in the Vender's Ticket of such Coals, then the Meter who countersigned such Vender's Ticket of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency or Excess shall exceed Four Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of such Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every such Buihel so exceeding or so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the sum of Twenty Shillings.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be so made so as to ascertain the whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks sent taken together, of any such Coals fold and sent as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, the whole of such Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals; and if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be made so as to ascertain the Quantity contained in each and every of the particular Backs sent, of any Coals sold as and for Wharf or Pool Measure it shall be found'that One fourth Part or more of the Nunv ber of the Sacks of such Coals fold and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bushels each respectively, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of the Remeasurement thereof; but if the Number of such particular Sacks so found deficient shall not amount to One fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of such Coals so fold and sent, then and in such case such Expences shall (be paid and borne by the Pur* chafer or Purchasers of such Coals.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any such Notice as by this Act directed shall have been given by or on the behalf of any Purchaser or Purchasers, at any of the said Principal Land Meter's Offices, appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, requiring the Attendance of any Meter from any of such Offices, for the Purpose of remeasuring any Coals, fold either for Wharf or Pool Measure, then, and in every such case, the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being at any of such respective Office or Offices, where such Notice shall have been given or sent, is and are hereby authorised and .required to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters, from his or their Office or resppdive Offices, for the Purpose of making the Remeasurement, and such respective Labouring Meters, or Labouring Meter shall, and are, and is hereby required and authorized to remeasure any such Coals which they or be shall be so sent to remeasure, whether the Purchaser or Purchasers

3C 3 of

In case of any Coals fold for Pool Measure proving deficient on such Reroea-furement.

Penalty on Meter.

By whom the Expences of such Remeasurement are to be paid.

Principal Meters not fending a Labouring Meter to measure the Coals.

Upon Notice,

or Labouring Meter not attending.

Penalty. Purchaser ob-

ft ruling Re-tneal'urement.

Penalty.

Carmen to be paid for being kept.

Regulations as to Coals sold by Weight.

'Labouring Meter to attend the weighing, Sec.

fn what case Meter to coun* terfign Ticket.

C.xxi. 58° GEO. III. A.D. m

of such Coals shall, or not, be desirous of having such Remetfe*. ment proceeded in, any thing therein contained to the contrary & withfUnding; and if any such Principal Land Coal Meter or M&n, appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, after having received any such Notice as aforesaid, shall neglect or rtf&, within the Space of Two Honrs after the Receipt of such Noocr, to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters to t)te House, LodgK£ cr other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchafert accordingly; cr if any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters shall refuse or neghd a remeasure such Coals, then, and in every such case, any such Fri: -dpal Land Coal Meter or Meters, and Labouring Land Coil Meter or Meters, so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit ea pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any such Psrrker or Purchasers, or any other Person or Persons, shall pirrenr, ob* ftruft or interrupt, or attempt to prevent auy such Reneafare&rct being proceeded in and made by such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters, sent by any such Principal Land Coal Meter or Metos a ca> Sequence of any such Notice, then, and in every such case, facb Pjt-chafer or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons, so offending, hi for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tee Pounds.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, TLx when and as often as any Cart, Waggon or other Canine fail be flopped or detained for the Purpose or under Pretence ot rwfaa-furing the Coals, or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of fiery feci Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be entitled totfeeSsnef Three Shulmgs per Hour, for every Hour the Cart shall he fc k* tained, and so in proportion for any Fraction of an Hour owr ail above the usual Cartage of such Coals, which Three Shillings fer Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals, in case the feet or any Part thereof mail upon the Remeasurement thereof be fboad deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of such Coals, in afe the same shall not be remeasured, or shall upon such Remeaftuenat be i found io amount to the Quantity for which such Coals wot {old.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Coals which Hull be sold by Weight, at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place vid-i the Limits of this Act, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggon or I other Carriage to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall be sold j or weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weight csi- I fitting of One hundred and twelve Pounds avoirdupois Weigh, and Twenty such Hundred Weight shall be and be deemed and ufcra to be One Ton; and all such Coals so to be sold shall bewugi*J j and loaded at such Wharf or Warehouse or other Place of Sale, j the Presence of One of the Labouring Land Meters to be aroeerrf pursuant to this Act, and such Labouring Meter is hereby autMord and required to superintend and inspect the weighing and loadugcf all such Coals so sold by the Weight, m order that loch Meter ray fee and be satisfied that in every such loading the full Weigh & Coals is actually given, which shall be expressed in the Vender's Ticket, and such Meter may refuse to counterfoil the Vender's I Ticket of any such Coals, in case such Meter shall not fee tte tie 1 full and proper Weight shall be given, according to the QaBtay which shall be expressed in such Vender's Ticket, but such Mw shall, and he is hereby required to counterfigu the same, in case tie

pup*

56° GEO. III. C.xxi.

759

proper Weight* shall be given according to such Quantity of* Coals expressed in such Vender's Ticket; and for such Inspection of such Coals so sold by Weight there shall be paid by the Vender or Vend* era thereof, or by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Ware-hotife or other Place from whence such Coals shall be sent, to the principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act,

Sixpence for every Ton of Coals so weighed under the Meter's In-. pee to Principal speftion, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than Meter.

One Ton, and such Sum of Money shall be repaid to such Vender or Venders by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders Vender'* Ticket of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals so sold by Weight within the, to be sent with Limits of this Act, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Pur- by

chafer or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her or their Servant or Ser- Welg t# vants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloacted, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following; that is to say,

^' [Here insert the Name of the 1Buyer.'] Take Notice,

4 That you are to receive herewith I Here insert the Number]

4 Tons [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, for inspecting which

Coals you are, in conformity to an Act of Parliament made in the

Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to repay

me the undersigned [Here insert the Name of the Seller] the Sum of [Here insert the Amount of the JnJjbe8ion Charge] being at and

after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold to and to be received by you herewith.*

(Signed) C. D.

[Here insert the Name of the Seller.1

(Countersigned) E. F, [Here insert the Name of the Meter, ]

And in case such Vender or Venders do not deliver, or cause to be Vender not de-delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid, and so countersigned by a Meter Uvering Ticket, as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals are unloacted, every such Vender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Penalty. Carman, Driver of or other Penon attending any such Cart, Wag- Carman not gon or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals to whom any such del£er, r'?}.*me Ticket shall have been given by or* by the Orders of the Vender, 10 urc a cr* in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so firil re- ceived the same from the Vender or any Person by the Direction of the Vender) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be unloaded* such Carman, Driver or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. i Penalty.

XL 11. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all .Coal's Coal* to be told whatsoever fold within the Limits of this Act, save and except only either by such Coals as shall be sold by Weight in manner aforesaid, shall be Weight, or by fold either by the Chaldron, such Chaldron to consist of Thirty fix

of such Bushels so heaped up as aforesaid, or else by such Bushel as u aforesaid, or by the Half Bushel, Peck or Half Peck, provided such fmaUer Measure shall be Some aliquot Part of such Bushel Measure, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

3 C 4 XLIII. Pro-

760

C.xxL

36* GEO. ILL

A.D.M6.

The'faring up of different Sort* of Coals in a Ware-house not to be prevented, provided such Sorts be kept in dif-ferern Pareels, Jce.

Vender, ice. felling say undue Measure such Coals.

Penalty.

Provisions re* speding Coal Sheds or Ware* house* where Coals are fold in Quantities not exceeding H If Chaldron.

Mining Cuds.

IVovifa

Proviso fur the Sale of Coals already mixed.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it furtbet enacted, Thatnotbaf contained in the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, Audi extend or be taba or construed to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any fndi Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals within the Limits of tks A ft, from laying or (taring up for Sale in any Warehouse or Repository, or other convenient Place, any Quantities whatsoever of CoA of as many Sorts, Names or Descriptions as he, (he or tby faD respectively think fit, provided such different Sorts, Names or De» fenptions of Coals he respectively laid and kept in such Wsrtbonfc or other Repository in fep&rate and distinct Pareels, and whofir sa-mixed; and provided no such Coals he sold by any other than Wkrf Measure, or without the true Name or Names of every or any of fifth Sorts of such Coals as shall be sold and sent from any fseb Warn* house or other Repository being expressed in the Vender's Ticket to he sent therewith to any Purchaser or Purchasers; and if any foeh Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fhaS feB vesufe to he sold by any other than by Wharf Measure any Cork out of any such Warehouse or other Repository in which Two or more different Sorts of Coals may he stored or deposited, or shall not mkxt or cause to he inserted in the Vender's Ticket to be fat with fodi Coals the true Name or Names of each and every Soil of fsdCoak as shall be sent from or out of any such Warehouse, Repofiftxy or other Place, to any Purchaser or Purchasers, then, and a every oca case, every such Vender or Dealer so offending, shall, fernery (kb Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty ?*&» I

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tfatwriing contained in the said recited Act of the Forty seventk Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, shall extend, or be ocs> (trued to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any Vender or Voder* of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals within the Limits of this Act, who shall keep any Coal Shed, Shop or Warehouse, where Cosh fell be j fold in Quantities not mater than Half a Chaldron, and where no Coals shall ever he fold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chl* j dron, from mixing or heaping up together, or causing to be miied or heaped up together in such Sued, Shop or Warehouse, aay Qua- I tity or Quantities whatsoever, of any and as many different Sorts, 'Names, or Descriptions of Coals, as he, (he or they, shall lefpe&hcfr j think fit, or from felling or causing to* he fold, such Coals when Jo mixed: Provided nevertheless, that such Coals, when so mixed, fk] be sold as, for and by the Name of Mixed Coals, 9 and fhaO not be sold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, nor AaBbefefe at any other Place than at the Shop, Shed or Warehouse, what tbr lame shall have been so mixed.

XJLV. Provided also, and he it further enafied, Thit aotfcg contained in the said recited Act of the Forty feveoth Yetrsfde Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, shall extend, or be «* ftrued to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any Vender or Voder* of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals within the Limits of tbs Ad* from felling or causing to be sold, any Mixed Coals whitfeewt, which Ihrfl have been mixed at any time before the First Dsj of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: Provided severtWefe Chat such Coals shall be sold as, and for, and shall be deferibedatk

Ve*ri

56° GEO. III. C.xxL

751

such case every such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bushel shall be kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurement of any Coals fold within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey f Kent and Essex) as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which shall not be such Bushel as is described in and bj an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the ffeedy and effectual preftrving of the Navigation of the River of Tnames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for afeer-Saining the Coal Measure, and which shall not have been fira stamped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Westminster, or at the Guildhall London % previoudy to the same being so kept or used, and that every such Bu(nel, previoudy to being so stamped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper Hoops, and shall be so stamped or marked with a Steel Instrument on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every such Bushel shall be Jtept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of such Bushel all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such Bushel in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Bushel to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of Coals shall consist of Thirty fix of such Bushels so heaped, and so in Proportion for any lefTer Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, shall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Bushel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Bushel as aforesaid, and so damped as aforesaid, or shall in anywise decrease or diminish any such Bushel damped as aforesaid, or shall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make use of in admeasuring of any Coals any Bushel other than such Bushel as aforesaid damped as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever shall in any manner decrease or diminish any such Bushel damped as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respectively for every such Offence shall be committed to the House of Correction, by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals (old as and for Wharf Measure shall be dissatisfied with the Measurement which flutll have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehouse or

other

Penalty.

What Bushel Measure to re made use of.

ia Ann. Stat. 3. c.17. \ 11, si. To be damped.

Vender, &e. using Bushel act damped.

Penalty.

Diminishing

BusheL

Imprisonment

Venders, Ac of Coals sold as Wharf Measure, if dfflatitfied, may hgre them remeafortd.

56° GEO. III,

AJXK16.

Cxxi.

Certiorai.

Summoning

Witnesses.

Witnef* not

appearing.

Penalty.

Witnef* refuting to be front, fcc.

Imprisonment.

Perjury.

Penalties above Twenty Pounds how to be re* covered.

quashed or vacated for waat of Form only, or be removed if

Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of Ha Majesty's Courts of Record at JVcftmiufler or elsewhere, any Laf or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVTII. And be it further enacted, That it fhaD and my It lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures shall be foed far, tv summon before him or them any Person or Persons who shall oar by the Complaint or Information made to him or them appeartoka necessary Witness as to the Matters thereby charged, to appor before mm or them at a time and Place to be spedfied in the Summons, and in case such Person so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, then upon due Proof of the Service cf fad Summons in manner aforesaid, such Person so fununooed and ocf appearing in Compliance therewith, shall forfeit and pay the Sea of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manaer ad by such Ways and Means as is hereinfore directed as to other Ptuse; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Jsftkn to cause such Person to be apprehended by Warrant, under tie Had and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, and to be brought before him or them, and thereupon, whether such Perin shall appear upon Summons as aforesaid, or shall he apprehended as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may proceed to exaaise him or her upon Oath, as to the Matter of such Coophk or Is-formation, and in case such Person shall refuse to be fan or to answer, or to give Evidence therein, then and in every tach die it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, bystreet under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to conak tosh Person so refuting to be sworn, or to answer or to give Evidence u aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Corredhoa of the City, County or Place in or for which such Justice or Justices shall tten act, there to remain for any Space of time not exoeedng Three Calendar Months.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Pains upon his, her or their Examination upon Oath, before aay Justice Justices of the Peace, acting in Execution of this Act, shall wftfuSy and corruptly give faife Evidence, touching any matter or (bag re. Uting to this A A, or if any Person or Persons shall take or auk any faife Oath or Affidavit, with respect to any matter ur dkg relating to this Act, every such Person so offending, and being <k> con vidted thereof, shall be, and is hereby declared to be failed acd liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law in Force ad Effect Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subjea id liable to.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by this Act k-posed for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, kU and may be recovered by A diion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or bkf& ation, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wtfiuftu wherein no Essoin, Protedbion, Wftger of Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by the Person or Persons who fhid inform and sue for the same within Three Calendar Months after tk Offence or Offences shall be committed, and One Moiety of a21 fcch Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures Hull be to and for the Use of Hi

Mtftfr,

753

A. 0.1316. 66° GEO. III. C.xsi

I

I

)

to any Penalty or Penalties in oefpeft thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders Venden to d*. of* or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf Tickets of

Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or Sk-r2r f from any Wharf, Warehouse or otter Place within the said Port ea u

of London, or within the said respective Cities of London or West* minster, or the r$spective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent or EJfejc, as is or are Situate within the Didance of Twenty She Miles from ths Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered, a printed Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered, the same Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be Shot or delivered therefrom, and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following:

VENDER'S TICKET.

M .. A. B.

[Here insert the Name of the Buyer] Take Notice^

that you are to receive herewith [Here insert the Number]

4 Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, [Here insert the Number1 Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, [ Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals )

4 and that by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, the Carman is directed to deliver this Ticket, before he Shoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Waggon, and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by which the Carman is directed to measure gratis (under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack which the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain

Three Buihels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the OutSide of the Nfeafdre being the Extremity of the Base thereof. C. Dm 4 £ Here insert the Name of the Vender.] E. F.

[Here insert the Name of the Labouring Meter, in case of the Coals beingfent from within either of the DifriQs of the said rejheffive Offices.] Dated [Here insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such Ticket wasfgned.]9

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not deliver, or cause Vender not ie-to be delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Pur- ll?erw* Ticket, chafers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant oj Servants before any Part of such Coals shall be Shot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Vender or Ven4ers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of or other Person Penalty, attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any Carman notde-fucluCoals aforesaid, to wnora such Ticket shall have been given by wCpur. or by the Direction of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the chtfcu Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Vender or any Person by the Vender's Orders) refute or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or 56 Geo. III. 3 C to

76*

Cni — xxtl

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

DonUeCofti.

Act not to alter or repeal 47 G.3. Seffx. c. 64.

Comnenee-neat oi Ad.

Public A ft.

51 G.3.C.195.

53 0.3.C.3*

M G.3. c. 3S.

51G. 3. e. aoe.

made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limbed far hriegsg the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other Comity tbs am aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and uppn such Verdjd* or if the Plaintiff or Piamdfi shall be nonsuited or discontinue nis, her or their Adkm or Sait, after the Defendant or Defendants shall hare appeared, or if upm Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Pbiacfit then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and hare such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defeadst hath for Costs of Suit in other cases by Law.

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing htki Ad contained shall extend, or be comftrucd to extend, toreped, dkr or vary any Part or Parts of the said recited Act of the fortr ferenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, bat tire tb said Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Peodtin and Forfeitures therein contained, shall be as good, valid and efeftuJ to all Intent! and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall coroner and take place from and after the First Day of Juut Ore thodaod eight hundred and sixteen.

LVI I. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Ad, and shall be judicially takes Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without beag fpccaUjr pleaded.

Cap. xxii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Tvs Acts of His present Majesty* for construoing an Harbour at PutUret, in Mount's Bay, in the County of Cornwall.

[21st Mey i&tL]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act to enlarge, amend and render more effedoal the Prcri&ou of an Act of His present Majesty, for paving and fighting the Citr of Hereford, and removing Nuisances therein; and for enabling the Corporation of the said City to fell and apply the Produce of certain Messuages and* Lands in establishing Market Places, and otherwise improving the said City.

[21st May 1816/

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of Hi present Majesty, for building a Church in and for the Pr& of Newrjt in the Counties of Down and Armagh.

*2lft JVfwy 1816.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for paving, lighting, deanfing and otherwise impro?iagtk Town of Weji Co<wes9 in the Isle of Wight, in the Comrd Southampton; and for establishing a Market within the fadTwa-

[21ft

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for paving and improving the Footways, and for cleaafag* lighting and watching the Streets and other Public Pillages £<? Places in the Town of Mellsham, in the County of Wiks.

[aill May 1816.]

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C.xxL 7*5

; 4 same remeasured by the Bushel Measure, provided you imme-1 4 diately, and before any more of the Coals than One Sack shall

: 4 be (hot or delivered from the Cart, Waggon or Carriage in which

> 4 the same are brought, fend Notice in Writing of your Desire to

4 have the same remeasured to any of the Land Coal Meters' Offices ' 4 appointed by or by virtue of the said Act of the Forty seventh

4 Year, or the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of

4 King George the Third, also to the Vender or Venders of such e 4 Coals. C. D* \Hcre insert the Name of the Vender\ £ F. \_Here

4 insert the Name of the Meter, and the Office and Place where the i 4 Office is floated'}* Dated [Here insert the Day of the Months and i 4 the Month and Year when such Ticket was fgnedi9}

And in case such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Vender not He-

Coals, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as afore- liveriflS Ticket said, and so countersigned by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchaser 10 P"* or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from

; such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any such Coal9 as aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Vender or Venders.shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

: Ten Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver or other Person at- Carman not detending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any such liverinS Ticket.

: Coals as aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been given, by or by the Directions of the Vender or Venders, in order to be delivered: to the Purchaser, shall (having first received the lame from the Ven-, der or Venders, or any Person by the Order of the Vender or Ven-i ders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver or other Person aforesaid so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

' and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, What Sum of or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals, sold as and for Pool Measure, and M°ne75°* sent in.any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage from any Wharf, for infoediVc Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Act, or any Coals sold by*Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, and delivered by Gang Labour Pool Measure. from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Meter shall

be stationed, situate within such Limits; or the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, from or over which any such Coals shall be so sent, shall and such Vender or Venders, Dealer pr Dealers, or Occupier or Occupiers is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal Meter for the Execution of this Act, at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat so bought and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, as and for a Compensation for the Trouble of inspecting or superintending the Loading and fending away such Coals, and such Money shall be repaid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals to the Vender or Venders thereof.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Enabling Pur-herein contained shall extend, or be conffcrued to extend, to hinder or "Jp" prevent any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Coals, sold as and for Measure to have Pool Measure, from fending such Coals to the Premises of such Pur- such Coals deli-chafer or Purchasers, or to any Landing Place which such Purchaser vered without

C. xzxvi — xiii.

56s GEO. I£L

AD.M6

*7 G. o. c. il. 7 G. 3. c. 90. 34 Gw 3. c.91. ^tinned for5 Years, flic.

6 O. x. c. 7.

7 G.a. c.5.

9 G. 3. c.57. continued ai Years, &c. after Expiration of 35 G. 3. c.4».

ZS G.3. c. 77. 36 G.3. c.33. 45 G.3. c. 7a. so for as not herein repealed to remain.

J>P-3C*77. N4 Gv^. c. 170.

Ctf/. xxxvi.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of feed Acts for imposing and continuing a Duty of Two Pennies &&, or the Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling* upon every Scots Pei of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sate* brougot into, tapped or fold within the Town of Borrowfiownnefs and Liberties thereof in the County of Linlithgow* and for extending the same oier the Parish of Borrowftownneft; for repairing the Harboor of tie fud Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[31st Afjy 1816.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of fereral Acts for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots* or One filth Fsrt cf 1 Penny Sterling* upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof; for fop-plying the said Town with Fresh Water; and for other Parpofo: therein mentioned.

[31st Mej i$i6.j

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for amending several Acts of His present Majestr* for improving the Drainage of the Middle and Sooth Leeds, Art of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level* ud other Lab therein mentioned; and for improving the Navigates of the Rim Ouze* in the County of Norfolk* and of the ieiriilmn communicating therewith.

[31! Moj Ai6.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for building a new Parish Church and a Parochial Cfepd in the Parish of Saint Pancras* in the County of MuUkfix, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[31st Mej 1816.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in the ftrifo of Huddersfield* in the Weil Riding of the County of York.

[31st Me) 1816.]

Cap. xli.

An Act to enahie the Lord Provost, Magistrates and Comal of tk City of Edinburgh to carry into effect certain Purposes is regard to the Erection of a Chapel at the West End of Pmee't Stmt, and for effecting certain Improvements in the Neighbourhood

thereof* and in other Parts of the extended Royalty of tk fed City.

[giftJKyrit&i

Cap. xln.

Air Act to alter and amend Two Acts of the Fifty third aid Fifty fourth Years of His present Majesty* for erecting and mautang a new Gaol and other Buildings for the County and City of £&-burgh s and to alter and amend Two Acts of the Forty third «cd Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty* in regard to theSttcte Labour of the Middle District of the said County.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO- III.

C.ni.

747

measured; and in case it shall appear upon the Remeasurement of such Coals by such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter, as shall attend for die Purpose of remeasuring of such Coals, that such Coals do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then and in every such case, if such Coals have been sold as and for Pool Measure, the Vender of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and not exceed Ten Btifhela in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such case such Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; but in case any such Coals so remeasured and found deficient shall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Measure, then and in such case the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel so found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act, and of the said recited Act, so remeasuring, shall be paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so re-measured by him, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron, and if upon any such Remeasurement the whole of the Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then and in fuen case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in tafe such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, pay the Expences of fuen Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bnfliel, then and in such case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be con ft rued to extend, to require any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure to be measured by the Bushel Measure previously to such Coals being loaded and sent away in any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage form the Vender's Wharf or Place of Sale, unless by the Desire of the Purchaser of any such Coals.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold or loaded to be sold as and for Wharf Measure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Bushels, at or from any Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, shall be measured in the Presence of One of the said Labouring Coal Meters to be appointed by virtue of this Act, by the Bushel Measure heaped up as by this Act is directed, and the said Labouring Coal Meters, and every of them, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bushel or Bushels of any such Coals as shall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons To vending or contrafting for the Sale of the fiud Coals, or so loading any fuen Coals for Sale.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Labouring Coal Meter shall wittingly or willingly fuller any Coals exceeding

Eight

If Deficiency appear, Penalty in Proportion.

By whom Ex-pencei of R*. measurement are to be paid.

Coals sold by Pool Measure not to be measured by Bushel, unless at Desire of Purchaser.

Coals sold by Wharf Measure to be measured in the Presence of a Land Coal Meter.

Meters suffering Wharf Measure Coals to be sent

C. ii — lvu.

5SAGEO.IIL

A-D.Uie;

13 G* x.

21 G.2.C.20. 12 G. 3. C. 110. 27 G*3» c. 73.

xi G.i. c. 10.

9 G.i.C'9* id €>. 3- «3-

30 G. 3*c*°3«

31 G.3.c.9^* repented,

25 G. 2. c. 22, ao O.a.c.93. 2SG.3.C.X12.

lO, 3.&59.

22 te 23 Car. 2. c.2. repeated at respedsihe Amount of the Sum paid by Bate.

40 G. 3t (I.) ju to making the Rates repealed.

Cap. li*

An Act for enlarging the Term and Power* of ficmal Act, Ink as the same relate to the Road* from Birmingham throagk IVtdncfbury, to High Bulien, and other Road* therein oeataod, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Siafird.

[31st Mtj 181$.]

Cap. lu«

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from B'tQkfodt to Aleonbury Hill, and other Road* therein mentioned, a the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon (a) [31st Mej 1816.]

Cap lui*

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and edugnf the Power* of several AA* passed Tor repairing the Roach fron Shrewsbury through EUefmere in the County of Safy, and Overton in the County of Flint, to Wrexham in the Comity of Denbigh, and other Roads in the said A As mentioned, so hr a relates to the EUefmere DistriA of the said Road*. (4.)

[31k Maj rSi6.j

[.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, mew Tebs greed]

Cap. liv.

An Act to amend an Act of the Second Year A Ha priest Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of debar of the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Wfm$gr % and another Act of the First Year of King James the Stand, for ercAing the said Parish.

[20th Jw 1816.]

Cap. Iv.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Year* of the Reign of Ha Majdy King Charles the Second, for making the Minor of Pens Garden a Parish, and to enable the Parishioners of Seat Senior'; Southwark to raise a Maintenance for Miniftert, and for Repcn of their Church; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[20th Jwu 1816.]

Cap. Ivk

An Act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Sent b*C the Martyr, in Southwark, in the County of Strrtj; isd i other Purpose* relating thereto.

[20th Jut iWJ

Cap. lvu*

An Act to explain and amend an Act of Hi* present Mijdy* k paring, cleaning, lighting and otherways improwing the Torn« Belfqft, in the County of Antrim, and for bettor effcdbg^ Purpose*.

[2«h/nri8i^

Cf

A.D.ms.

S6tfGEO.IIL

C.xxl

U9

Consumer, and thereupon he, (he or they is and are hereby required to

pay to the Seller named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specified,

and if the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning such Ticket shall Labouring Me-

after Payment or Tender of the Metage charged in pursuance of this ter refuting to

Act, retufc to deliver such Ticket as hereinbefore directed to the ^1^rickctt0

Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals arman'

therein described, such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if Penalty.

such Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Carman not de-

Coala described in such Ticket, shall, after the same Ticket shall Jjj1

have been so delivered to him by the Labouring Coal Meter coun- c 1

terfigning the same, either alter or neglect, or refuse to deliver the

same Ticket to the Purchaser or Conlumer therein named, or to the

Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in

such Ticket, such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead or drive

the Coals described in such Ticket, shall forfeit and pay, for every penalty.

such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Whaifingers Dealer in Coals shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or cause to be giving Bribei to given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meter Meters.

or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Metage of Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Smiling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal or La- Meters rtctiv-bouring Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed pursuant to

this Act, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a false or counterfeited Ticket*. Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman or other Person, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall take or receive from aay Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by the Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Corns sold by Weight, or if such Principal Land or Labouring Coal Meter (hallawiUingly permit or suffer to be made false Measure of any Coals, or shall deliver, a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall have not seen measured, or (nail countersign any Vender's Ticket for any Coals, without having inspected such Coals, or without seeing and taking Care that the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been firfb completely emptied out of and loaded from such particular Room or, '

Rooms so fold, then and in every such case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Meter. Penalty.

XXV. And

£lxiiL

£8° GEO. III.

4JX1U&

j3 0.3.c. 1^4.

550.3. «. 184.

(u.

repealed.

Power to stop up Pert of Narrow Wall.

in veiled the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling in the Par 1 chafes of Reduced Bank Annuities, in the Names of the Trusta mentioned in the said stated Ad: And Whereas an Act wa

passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of Hit pnk Majesty, intituled Am A3 for altering, enlarging and tsin&ti k 4 Powers of an Act of His present Mqjefy* for bml£nf a Briip over tie River Thames, at tie PrecinS of the Savoy, «r not lienunto; and making Roads and Avenues to eommuuicaig tbtmtib, k

tie Counties g/'Middlesex and Surrey: And Whereas the fadCofr

pany have proceeded in the Execution of the (even! Works bjthe ' laid recited Acts authorized, and have completed the Arches of tie said Bridge: And Whereas it is expedient for the Pnroofa of tie said Acts, that Part of a certain Road or Street called Norm Wally near the Abutment of the said Bridge, in the County of Surrey, should be flopped up, and that a more direct Comminbtia

should be made from or near a certain Street or Road called the

Commercial Road lying on the Eastern Side of the intended Road

from the said Bridge, to the Obelisk in Saint Gtorre't in

the said County of Surrey^ to that Part of the said Street or Read

called Narrow Wally which lies on the West era Side of 1 cetaa Mouse, Slaughter House and Yard, in the Occupation of Hauler Everardy by a new Road to be made by the said Ompayfortk

Purpose, and also that the said Company should have ft*er to

4 make an Archway over Part of the said new Road; vditisitfo expedient that some of the Provisions of the said or ok of

them, should be altered and amendedMay it tfendbf? pbfe Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enactedVjThe King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice asd Cori&t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ndnjrioi Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, fd much of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Rdp of His present Majesty as enads, that nothing therein or ia tk fid recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of Hi* puiffit Majesty contained, should extend or be deemed or conftraedtooted to enable the said Company of Proprietors to stop up or obftred tie Way or Street called Narrow Wally in the Parish of Stitt Min Lambethr in the County of Surrey, shall be and the ftme u hetebr repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pt> prietora shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to stop up that Part of the present Road or Way Narrow Wally which lies between the Eastern End of the isstoi new Road by this Act authorized to be made, and the Westerck' or Side of the Premifea belonging to or occupied by Afaw JEverarJ. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall a# or be confirmed to extend to authorize, empower or enable rtt d Company of Proprietors to stop up, obstruct or alter any ftiti$ said Street or Way called Narrow Wall, except only fociArt*1 herein particularly mentioned and specified, and within the L*5 prescribed by this Act, any thing herein contained to the cow! thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided also, that herein contained shall extend or be construed' to extend to enable said Company of Proprietors to stop up that Part of the to^or Way called Narrow Wall, hereinbefore mentioned, wd

la

A.D. 1316.

751

66 GEO- III. C. xxu

such case every such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fire Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bushel shall be kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurement of any Coals fold within the said Port of London, or within the said respe£bve Cities of London and Wefmindert or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and Essex, as is or are situate within the Didance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which shall not be such Bushel as is described iu and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the speedy and effectual preferring of the Na-uigation of the River of Thames, by fopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for ascertaining the Coal Measure, and which shall not have been fird damped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Westminster, or at the Guildhall London, previously to the same being so kept or used, and that every such Budiel, previously to being so damped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper Hoops, and shall be so damped or marked with a Steel Indrument on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every such Budiel shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of such Budiel all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such Buffiel in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Budiel to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of Coals shall confid of Thirty fix of such Bushels so heaped, and so in Proportion for any lesser Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, shall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Budiel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Budiel as aforesaid, and so damped as aforesaid, or shall in anywise decrease or diminish any such Budiel damped as aforesaid, or shall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make use of in admeasuring of any Coals any Bushel other than such Budiel as aforesaid damped as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever shall in any manner decrease or diminidi any such Bushel damped as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respectively for every such Offence shall be committed to the House of Correction, by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure shall be dissatisfied with the Measurement which dull have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehouse or

other

Penalty.

What Bushel Measure to re made use of.

ia Ann. Stat. a. c.17. § 11, 10. To be stamped.

Vender, Ac. using Bushel n<X> stamped.

Penalty.

Diminishing

BusheL

Imprisontnent.

Venders, ftc. of Coala sold as Wharf Measure, if dfflatisfied, may hgve them remsafcred.

772

C.bdii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.H1&

Raid to be aside

according co Plan, dec. lodged with the Clerk of the Peace.

Miftaket in Schedule not to affect the Pur-pefes of this Act

Compensation for Buildinga required for New Rood.

and it shall also be lawful for the said Company, and for their Engineer, or Surreyor or Surveyors, and Workmen, from time to tise to enter upon the Lands and Premises through which or whoropn such Road or Alterations is or are intended to be made or pit, and also upon any adjoining Lands or Grounds, and to Me os: such Road or. Aiterations, in such manner as the said Coapmy, or their Engineer or Surveyor, shall think necessary or proper, witboct being deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, and without being (atjed or liable to any Fine, Penalty or Punishment for entering or css-tin uing upon such Lands or Premises respectively, for uy d it Purposes of this A A; and if any Person shall puQ up, tarn or destroy, any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out U I Road or Aiterations, every Person so offending dull forfeit ad pir for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

V. And Whereas a Map or Plan, and Book of Referac^ dr- feribing and delineating the intended new Road from the Cmuml Road to.Narrow Wall aforesaid, and the Premises oatmed and ' contained in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, hive badeposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said Conntyof Be it therefore further enacted. That the said Map or Phn, and Book of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the lad (H of the Peace, to the end that all Persons intended therm nar a all seasonable times have Liberty to insped and penile tk be, and take Conies or Extrads thereof, at their Wul and Pfcafare, paying to such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One SkEagiorewy such inspection, and after the Rate of Sixpence foreitn Wy two Words of such Copies or Extrads of the said Book oiU-rence; and that the said Company in making the said Rod Mb* deviate more than Five Yards of Three Feet each from the Ibe described in the said Map or Plan, without the Confieot and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Bodies Poke, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Pimifis such Deviation shall be made.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the fad Company shall have full Power and Authority to make and cdba the said Road hereby authorized to be made, and may purchase sod take Possession for the Purposes of the said recited Acts ud thisA& of any of the Lands, Grounds, Housest Buildings, Tenements d Hereditaments set out or mentioned and described in the Odd Fas and Book of Reference, or in the Schedule to this Act annexed, sc: -withstanding the Name or Names of any Person or Perfoos feS* may have been omitted or mistated, or incorre&ly spelt in the hd I Book of Reference or Schedule, in case it shall appear to any T« i or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of frrm, ri be certified by Writing under their Hands that such Error,

or incorreffc Description proceeded from Mifkake.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said CompanybH make Compensation to the Owners and Occupiers of the bd Buildings required to be taken down for the Purpose of maiangthe said New Road herein authorized, in lieu of the bid Pvt of AW Wall to be flopped up, for the Value of such Buildings only; d also for any incidental Damage to be fufbtined by the ukifig d using thereof, in manner diie&ed by the said recited Act«tt Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, in respect of Hosb

66° GEO. III.

C<

753

to any Penalty or Penalties in trfpeft thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders Vender* to di*> of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf liver Ticket* of Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the said Port ea ure*

of London, or within the said respective Cities of London or Wef- tntnfitr9 or the rqspective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent or Essex, as is or are Situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from tho Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchaser8 thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered, a printed picket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or

1 other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered,

1 the same Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or

Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants* f before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or i other Carriage, shall be (hot or delivered therefrom, and every fu^h

- Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following:

VENDER'S TICKET.

- ! m* B.

[Here insert the Name of the Buyer] Take Noticed that you are to receive herewith [Here tnfert the NumberJ Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals, [Here tnfert the

c 4 Number] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals, f Here

. 4 tnfert the Number] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals }

c 4 and that by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign

4 of King George the Third, the Carman is directed to deliver this

; 4 Ticket, before he (hoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Wag-

4 gon, and that a Buftiel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by \ 4 which the Carman is directed to measure gratis (under the Penalty

4 of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack which the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain 1 4 Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outside of

4 the Meafdre being the Extremity of the Base thereof. C, D.

[ 4 [ Here tnfert the Name of the Vender.] E* F.

[Here tnfert the Name

4 of the Labouring Meter, in case of the Coals being sent from within ' 4 either of the DtftriQs of the said respeQive Offices.] Dated [ Here

4 tnfert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such Ticket was fgncdjy

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not delives, or cause Vender not r to be delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Pur- llferiD8 Ticket, chafers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant of Servants before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Vender or Venifers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of or other Person Penalty.

attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any Carnwn not fuchwCoals aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall nave been given by Ticket to Pur* or by the Direction of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the chafer, i Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Vender ! or any Person by the Vender's Orders) rtfufe or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or 56 Geo. III. 3 C to

774

ChdiL

Ajm

06° GEO. III.

Company may exchange certain Lands with the Duchy of Cornwall

this Act ill the actual Possession or Occupation of the hid trio*

gular 5lip or Piece of Land, and of the said other Land adjomiij,

4 as also of the said Wharf so respectively purchased of the lad Principal, Fellows and Scholars, and of the said Jokn Hakn Beaufoy, and Thomat James9and Jervoi/e Clerks Jerxuft Efqwe

as aforesaid: And Whereas a Part of the said tmogolv Slip ar Piece of Land will be required for the making and eoaftrotef tie intended New Road mentioned in this A A, from the RoadoSed 1 the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall aforesaid; and it wfl&

4 be convenient and ueceflary that the said Company of IVopritton

should retain a certain other Part of the said triangular Slip, of the Breadth of One hundred and eleven Feet Sii Inches fitn East to West, extending from the North End thereof to the hod intended New Road, from the Commercial Road to Afarrar IW 4 aforesaid, and that the same should be vested in the said Coapasj of Proprietors and their Successors; and the said Coupuy of Proprietors have proposed to convey to His said Royal Highnds the Prince of Wales % in exchange for the Land so to be retard by them as aforesaid, certain Parts of the said Wharf so pomhaled of the said Jervoise Gierke Jervoi/e Esquire, and of the hid Mcf fuage or Tenement and Yard, which they have given Nodoe of their Intention to purchase as aforesaid, containing Forty time Reel and Six Inches in Breadth from East to West; and also the Site of that Part of the said Street or Way abutting there* aid tie

4 Narrow Wall9 to be stopped up as aforesaid, to be vested kHk 4 Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Hein and tain Dukes of Cornwall, to be and remain Part and Parcel of the Sad Duchy of Cornwall, as an Equivalent for those Parts of the hid triangular Slip of Land, so to be vested in the Bud Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, to which Proposal of Exchange Hit hid Royal Highness, with the Advice of his Council, ham agreed; '

Be it therefore further enacted, That His said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales as Duke of Cornwall or his Sucafforforthetnoe being, shall and may and he is hereby authorized and eaponoed, in consideration. of the said Exchange, Transfer and Aigeaent hereinbefore mentioned, to assign and transfer to the said Coinpay of Proprietors and their Successors all such Parts of the find tens* gular Slip or Piece of Land as may be required for making and con* structing the said intended New Road from the said CommmsUUd j ta Narrow Wall aforesaid, and for any other Purposes of the hid Company; and the said Company of Proprietors shall and may ad they are hereby authorized and empowered to retain to the hid Cub* pany of Proprietors, and their Successors, out of and from the hid triangular Slip or Piece of Land so agreed to be veiled in His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Successors Duka of Cornwall, so much and such. Parts thereof as are hereinbefore motioned and proposed to be so retained; and the said Company of Proprietors shall and may and they are hereby authorized and rc* guired to purchase, convey, assign and transfer to His said Royal Highness the Prince of Walest nis Heirs and Successors Duka of Cornwall^ to be and remain thenceforth for ever Part and Pared of the said Duchy of Cornwall, and subject to the like Rcrerter, Elate and Interest in or to the King or Queen for the time being, and his qr her Heim and Successors, lb much and fuQh Put of the said

Wharf

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C.xxi.

755

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Pur- Coals Tent by chafer or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall Land Carnage be dissatisfied with the Measure of any-Coals fold or to be deli-

vered within the Limits of this Act, or of the said recited Act, and purchaser.X lent to him, her or them, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage,

shall Signify to the Carman, or other Person attending such Cart,

Waggon or other Carnage, his, her or their Desire to have the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals remeasured, then and in every such case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, in which such Coals shall be brought, shall, and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the House, Lodging or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Coals, and the Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, until such Coals are remeasured; and Carmsn driving if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or fpffer iWay before R«-to be driven away, any such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, be- metfurenQcn^ fore the Coals contained therein shall be remeasured, without the Consent of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and in every such case such Carman or Driver shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.'

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Pur- Purchasers to.chafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, so desiring such ftnd Notice to Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be re-measured, shall, and he, (he or they is and are hereby required to fend have Coal*

or cause to be sent to the Vender or Venders of the said Coals, or measured. to his, her or their Wharf, Warehouse or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are to be remeasured, and such Purchaser or Purchaser#, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall, and he,

(he or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any One of the Offices of the said Principal Land Coal Meter appoiuted by or by virtue of this Act, or of the Offices of the Principal Land Coal Meters appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, of his, her or their Desire to have such Coals remeasured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Labouring Meters appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited ter to attend.*Ad, (not being the Meter under whose inspection the said Coals were originally measured, ) shall within the Space of Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing, left at the Office of any such Principal Land Coal Meter aforesaid, attend from such Office where such Notice shall be £0 left at the House, Lodgings or other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers as shall be expressed in such Notice, for the Purpose of reroeafuring the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the same in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, and Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them shall attend to fire the same remeasured; and in case such Vender or Vender or Pwr* Venders, or Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Agent or chartr not at-Servant, Agents or Servants, shall not attend for tlje Purpose of seeing such Coals so remeasured, then such Meter shall proceed on pr<£*dy the meaforing of such Coals in his, her or their Absence, and such

Meter shall, and he is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, to remeasure such Coals either by the distintt Sacks, so as to ascertain the Contents of each par-

3 Q % ticular

Clxiil

56° GEO. ni

A.D.M6

Prsmifts late of Meflr*. Phelps and Company may be taken.

Satisfaction to be made in grots Sums.

Incapacitated Persons empowered to convey Leads to the Company by Conlent,

XI. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act enaflrf, that nothing therein contained should extend or be conftrned to a* 4 tend to enable the said Company of Proprietors to take or de ct otherwise to intermeddle with any Wharf, Road, Houses, Biddags, Grounds or Premises in the said Parish of Saint Mary Lemkth, n 4 the said County of Surrey, then in the Occupation of Ssusti Phelps y Richard Troward, and Abraham Bracebridge, trading under the Firm of Phelps and Company, without the Coabt in Writing of the said Samuel Phelps, Richard Trowari and Birds* 4 Bracebridge, first had and obtained for that Purpose: AndWkrcu the said Company of Proprietors have obtained the Cosiest s 4 Writing of Sir William Paxton, Knight, Sir Charles CscimE, Baronet, and Charles Greenwood, Esquire, (in whom the fere Premises have become vested for all the Estate and Inferrs, ktr of the said Samuel Phelps, Richard Troward and Abraham Bractbridge therein, ) authorizing them the said Company of Proprietor!

4 to take and use for the Purposes of the said recited Act ad thk 4 Ad, so much and such Part of the said Houses, Buildings, Groaads and Premises as are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, sad iHo 4 all that Piece or Parcel of Ground formerly called Heorods Wharf; 7 Be it therefore further enacted. That the said Company of ftc-prietors shall have full Power and Authority to take and deb sod of the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds and Premises, c$ ait motioned in the said Schedule to this Act, and that the fed free or Parcel of Ground formerly called HeamPs Wharf fall he feiyd to such and the same Powers and Provisions as the same ws& bit been subject to, under or by virtue of the said recited Afb, either of them, in case no such Consent as aforesaid had bra oak requisite by the said first recited Act: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors shall not be subject or liable to take or use any greater Part of the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds and Premises, than as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That Satisfaction for any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be used or taken for the Purposes or under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, or for my Injury or Damage that shall be done or occasioned in carrying the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, into Execution shall be made in the manner directed by the said first recited Act, with respect to any Lands taken or used, or any Injury or Danagt done in the Execution of the same Ad, except only that the Sam-faction to be made for any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buddart, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall hereafter be taken or okd for the Purposes or under the Provisions of the said recited Aftiad this Act, or any or either of them, shall always be made by tk Payment of a Sum of Money in gross, and not otherwise; andtfat so much of the said recited Acts, or either of them, as directi fed Compensation to be made by an Annual Rent or Annual Piysxsi, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Company of Proprietors, that it will be more coorakst and advisable to vary, alter or improve any Part of the Roads by tk said recited Acts and this Act authorized to be made, or the Accdfc or Approaches to the said Bridge, or either of them, or soy Road

.. or

56° GEO. III. C.xxt.

757

riage into or upon the Premifet of such Purchaser or Purchaser*, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Remea-furement of any Coals fold and sent as and for Pool Measure by any Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, and which Remeasurement shall hare been made in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, the Coals so remeasured shall be found to be less or more than at the Rate of Three Bushels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks specified in the Vender's Ticket of such Coals, then the Meter who countersigned such Vender's Ticket of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency or Excess shall exceed Four Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of such Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every such Bushel Co exceeding or so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the sum of Twenty Shillings*

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be so made so as to ascertain the whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks sent taken together, of any such Coals fold and sent as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, the whole of such Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Buftiel, then such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals; and if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be made so as to ascertain the Quantity contained in each and eveij of the particular Sacks sent, of any Coals sold as and for Wharf or Pool Measure it shall be found that One fourth Part or more of the Nunv ber of the Sacks of such Coals fold and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bushels each respectively, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of the Remeasurement thereof; but if the Number of such particular Sacks Co found deficient shall not amount to One fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of such Coals so fold and sent, then and in such case such Expences shall (be paid and borne by the Pur* chafer or Purchasers of such Coals.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any such Notice as by this Act directed shall have been given by or on the behalf of any Purchaser or Purchasers, at any of the said Principal Land Meter's Offices, appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, requiring the Attendance of any Meter from any of such Offices, for the Purpose of remeasuring any Coals, fold either for Wharf or Pool Measure, then, and in every such case, the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being at any of such respective Office or Offices, where such Notice shall have been given or sent, is and are hereby authorised and .required to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters, from his or their Office or respective Offices, for the Purpose of making the Remeasurement, and such respective Labouring Meters, or Labouring Meter shall, and are, and is hereby re* quired and authorized to remeasure any such Coals which they or be shall be so sent to remeasure, whether the Purchaser or Purchasers

3 C 3 of

Iq case of any Coals fold Tor Pool Measure proving deficient on such Reroea-furetnent.

Penalty on Meter.

By whom the Expences of such Remeasurement are to be paid.

Principal Meters not fending a Labouring Meter to measure the Coals.

776

Power to make an Archway over the New Road.

Committee may agree for PaiLtge of Persons for Three Years, and UTue Tickets.

Lending

Tickets.

Penalty.

Notice of Payment of Toll to be given on a Board.

Defacing Notice.

Penalty.

Toll Collectors to put up their Names.

Cotied on offending.

C.lxiii. 56° GEO. III. AJX IS1 d

XV. And Whereas in order to make a gradual Afcest to th

said Bridge on the South Side thereof, without defraying or a c commoding the free Passage of Persons, Horses and Carnages riss c the said intended Road hereby authorized to be made from die b 4 Road called the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall afereiridl i

will be necessary that an Arch should be con&ruded or at over the said intended Road, and under the afcendhg An 4 or Road to the said Bridge on the South Side thereof^ Be i therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfrlto for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby an rized and empowered, at their own proper Coda and Charges, a make or cause to be made an Arch or Archway otct or upon the fa intended Road, of a Width not being less than Twenty 6x Feeta the Bottom or wide ft Space thereof, and of a Height boag not ' than Twenty four Feet above the .Level of certain Lais case Prince9s Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the Corner cf Surrey

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority to contract or agree with any Person or Persons for hit, her or their fr^e Passage over the said Bridge, and along the fold Reads, for mr time or times not exceeding Three Years, at any one font fee feci Sum as to the said Committee shall seem meet, and therrspeo teMar One or more Ticket or Tickets to such Person or Perioe % la enaUr him, her or them to pass Toll free over the foid Bridge, ml aloag the said Roads, for the time for which such Contract hs&Vnt has made; and if any such Person or Persons shall lend or traits fodk Ticket for the Use of any other Person or Persons, and whereby such other Person or Persons shall under colour of feck Ticket pass over the said Bridge, or through any Turnpike or Toll Bar upon any of the said Roads Toll free, such Person or Fnrfaas fc> offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Son not exceeding Forty Shillings, for th&Ufe of the foid Company.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the foid Coopaay lei! and they are hereby directed and required to canfe Notice to be given by or upon a Board, to be coastantly affixed on the From of all the Tarapikes or Toll Houses to be eroded on or near the (rid Bridge, in large legible Characters, that the Payment of Toll at m one Turnpike or Gate shall free and exempt the Person or Perfoi paying the same from Payment at any other Turnpike or Gate, fir or in respect of passing once over the foid Bridge; and if my ftrfo or Persons shall deface or obliterate any Part of the Notice os fori Board, he, (he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pajm Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every To# Caflriter appointed either by the said Company of Proprietors, or byaj Lessee or Lessees under them, to collect the Tolls payable a ay Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of the find itetri Acts or this Act, shall and he is hereby required to place iris Ck£ tian and Surname, painted on a Board in argibfe Charadent»tbf Front or on some other confjpicubus Part of & Toll HoofeorM Gate, immediately after his coming on Duty, and shall coatmae tk some so placed during the whole time he shall be upon fodiDttf; and if any Colk&or of the said Toils Ball not place forik Board

afoidrid.

56° GEO. III.

759

C.xxi.

proper Weight* shall be given according to such Quantity of' Coals expressed in such Vender's Ticket; and for such Inspection of such Coals so sold by Weight there shall be paid by the Vender or Venders thereof, or by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Ware-, hotife or other Place from whence such Coals shall be sent, to the principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act,

Sixpence for every Ton of Coals so weighed under the Meter's In- Fee to Principal spe&ion, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than Meter.

One Ton, and such Sum of Money shall be repaid to such Vender or Venders by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders. Vender'* Ticket of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals so sold by Weight within the, to be sent with Limits of this Act, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Pur- ^k/old by chafer or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her or their Servant or Ser- WtlB r' vants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloacted, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following; that is to say,

MR- [Here insert the Name of the Buyer.] Take Notice,

That you are to receive herewith [Here insert the Number]

4 Tons [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, for inspecting which

Coals vou are, in conformity to an Act of Parliament made in the 1 Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to repay

me the undersigned [Here insert the Name of the Seller] the Sum

of [Here insert the Amount of the InJpeQion Charge'] being at and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold to and to be

received by you herewith.'

(Signed) C. D.

[Here insert the Name of the Seller.]

(Countersigned) E. F.

[Here insert the Name of the Meter.]

And in case such Vender or Venders do not deliver, or cause to be Vender not <fe-delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid, and so countersigned by a Meter Uvering Ticket, as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals are unloacted, every such Vender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Penalty. Carman, Driver of or other Person attending any such Cart, Wag- Carman not gon or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals to whom any such dcl£er, r*?J.ame Ticket shall have been given by or by the Orders of the Vender, urc ar' in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Vender or any Person by the Direction of the Vender) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be unloacted, such Carman, Driver or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.Penalty.

XLI I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all .Coals CqjJ* to be sold whatsoever fold within the Limits of this Act, save and except only either by such Coals as shall be sold by Weight in manner aforesaid, shall be Weight, or by fold either by the Chaldron, such Chaldron to consist of Thirty fix n e/^Jaidron of such Bushels so heaped up as aforesaid, or else by such Bushel as u aforesaid, or by the Half Bushel, Peck or Half Peck, provided such {mallei Measure shall be Some aliquot Part of such Bushel Measure, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

3 C 4 XLIII. Pro.

C. lxiii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 18H

of Sewers for certain Kent.

bid Company of Proprietors to stop up, alter, vary or with any Sewer or Drain without the Leave and Coolest of Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from East in the said County of Surrey, to Raven/bonu in the County rent9 for that Purpose first had and obtained.

XXII. And Whereas the said Bridge when completed wul*a Work of great Stability and Magnificence; and suchs Wot are adapted to transmit to Posterity the Remembrance of git and glorious Achievements? And Whereas the bid Compel are delirous that a Designation shall be given to the bid Bnd which shall be a lading Record of the brilliant and derifire V 4 tory achieved by His Majesty's Foroes, in c&nrundioQ with dm of his Allies, on the Eighteenth Day of June One thoobad 6§L 4 hundred and fifteenBe it therefore further enacted, That 6m and after the passing of this Act the said Bridge shall be catted mi denominated The Waterloo Bridge, and shall ceale to be crikd by th Name of The Strand Bridge; and the bid Company baS alb, fan and after the passing of this Act, be called by the Nine and Styli of The Company of Proprietors of The Waterloo Bridge/ sod by that Name shall have perpetual Succefiion and a Commas Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be.sued, and also fhaO md cay have full Power and Authority to purchase Lands, Tesesests and Hereditaments to them, their Successors and Affigm, for the Use of the said Bridge, Roads or other Works by thrisd noted Acts and this Act authorized to be made, and for the (even! other Per-poses in the said recited Acts and this Act mentioned, wfthaut marring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes o! hkottsab , and aHo to fell any of the Lands, Tenements or HeffdAnemt pir-chafed for the Purposes aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes u i they had been originally named and styled in the bid first reeled Ad, The Company of Proprietors of The Waterloo Brid$toi shall, from and after the passing of this Act, ceale to be cdbd n 4 The Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge/ sadhJ

prinmvofthe °* cea^e to ^ue an<* by Name of The Company of Ptt-

The Bridge to be called ' The Waterloo Bridge, and the Company to be styled The Company of Proprietors of the Waterloo Bridge.*

And Qullceafe to be called and sued as The

pnetors < Strand Bridge.

I

Appointing additional Commissioners.

4 prietors of the Strand Bridge Provided always, that noihi$ herein contained shall extend to annul or affect, or be conftnsd annul or affect, any Act or Acts heretofore done by the bid Company, or any Suit or Suits brought by or again! the bid Coe->any, or any Purchase or Sale of Lands by the bid Compsty rr 'uch Alteration of their Name and Style; but that all Proaefci whatever commenced or pending in their original Name acd Str> may be continued in fuph Name and Style, notwithstanding the P?> vision hereinbefore contained for the Alteration thereof, or in it Name and Style hereafter to be used by the bid Camper, virtue of this Act, as to the Committee of the bid Compasr ta' seem meet.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That Sir Jofoh iydm Torke Knight, James Brogden Esquire, Sir Benjamin Blotmfrd Knight, and the Reverend John Rush9 shall be, and they are hersfcy constituted Commissioners for executing the several Powen in sad by the said recited Act of the Forty niuth Year of His present Majestr specially provided and directed to be executed, in addition to t* Commissioners nominated and appointed by the bine Act; sod ur said Commissioners hereby nominated shall be and they are herefa

arvdbi

1816. 56° GEO. III. C. Ixiii.

781

ed with all the Functions, Powers and Authorities by the said d A A given to the said Commissioners therein mentioned, and be subject to all the Restrictions, Clauses, Provisoes and tments in the same Ad contained in relation to the said Com-ners.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts of 49 G.3. c. 191. orty ninth and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty, and 53 0*3* c. 184. id every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, Provisions,

ilations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things onfC*

soever therein contained, so far as the same were in force at

ime of passing this Act, and also so far as the same are not

?f$ly altered or repealed by this Act, shall extend and be con-

d to extend and operate, and be in full Force and Effect, with

& to all matters and things to be done, or which may arise in

Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same and

f of them were repeated and reenacted in this Act, and were

: Part thereof; and the same recited Acts and this Act shall, as

1 matters and things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be construed

>ne Ad.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of obtaining For defraying passing of this Act shall be paid by the said Company out of Expences or first Monies arising or to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts

)f this Act, or any of them, or now in the Hands of the said ipany.

[XVI. And be ft further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed Public Act. taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice 8 such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially ided.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

County. Number on Plan. DESCRIPTION of PROPERTY.

I. Shed

9 2. Yard, &c.

>« W 3- Sewer -

g p* 4* Lately a Shed, now

a pulled down, lately

co Me(Tr9. Phelps and

u. 0 X w Co.

a95- Yard extending*}

6 northward to Nar->

a row Wall - - j

6. Shed - Ditto

|cg 7- Small Dwelling House

8. Public House and Yard, White Swan -

OWNERS.

OCCUPIERS.

Strand Bridge Company«--- Ditto

Archbishop of Can- terbury; Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Esquire, .Leaseholders -

Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Esquire.

- - - Ditto

.....Ditto.

--Ditto -

- - - - Ditto -f Archbishop of Can-} 4 terbury 5 Whitbread > (.and Co. Leaseholders J

Thomas Vince..James Bone.

George Pitman.

782 C.Iriii — lxvi. 56° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE — continued.

AJ).\8I6.

"O

5

la

k.

f-}x

ww

Aq4

<t>-

>?*0

3*

?3

CO

2 5

£1

I 8

DESCRIPTION

of

PROPERTY.

IO.

11.

12.

*3

I4.

x5*

16.

7-

28.

29.

and

29.

Public House and Yard, Salutation

Small Dwelling House

- - - - Ditto - Ditto -

- - - - Ditto -Narrow Wall -Lime Tree Court Small Dwelling House

House, Shop, Slaughter House9 and Yard

UUK

Dwelling House and Garden

Yard and Ground, late Phelps and Co.

OWNERS.

Archbishop of Can- terbury; Barclay and > Perkins, Leaseholders J Archbishop of Can- terbury; Executrix of the Rev. Joshua Winter, deceased, Jordan Kempfter, and Maria Wright, Leaseholders J --Ditto -

- - - Ditto -

- Ditto -

--- Ditto -

--- Ditto -

(Archbishop of Can- terbury; Strand Bridge Company, Leasehold era - -j

Archbishop of Can- terbury; Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Esquire, Leaseholders

OCCUPIER!

Widow Brom.

Strand Bridge Company.

--- Ditto.

Edward Frith-Mary Onto.

Empty.

r Aland* j

(fremi

Strand hn&g*' Compsay. \

Unoccupied.

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for improving the Port and Harbour of IFatetfirdiadb other Purposes relating thereto.

[loth Jam

Cap. lxv.

An Act for establishing a New Church, called the Church of Smt Marl, situate in the Town and Parish of Liverpool\ in the Coogtr Palatine of Lancaster.

[20th Jam ni]

' Cap. kvL

% 0.3. c. 83. An Act for the better Relief and more effeduaQy employing ti* Poor of the Township of Shardloeu and Wthu> in the County of Derby, and the sevend Parities and Places therein mentioned c the said County, and in the Counties of LeiceMer and Nottkrhe*

[20th Jm 181&]

Cep

56° GEO. III.

Cxxl

763

Majesty, his Heir* and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof f together with Double Costs of Suit) shall be to and for the Use of Double Cofti. the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

JLI. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be Dtirefc not unmade for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this lawful for want Ad, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Form* Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Tref-. pallets, on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress or the Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satitfadion for the 1'pecial Damage sustained in any Action on the case.

JLI I. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders Form of Con-against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the vision* Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence again! this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet,

IDE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

A. B, is convicted before me,

4 One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

[Here fyecify the Offence, and the time and

Place when and where committed, eu the case may he"] contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [Here insert the Title of this Act.J Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first

above written.*

LIII- And be it further enacted, That no Plaiptiff or Plaintiffs Plaintiff not to shall recover in any Action, to be commenced again! any Person or recover after Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice Renderof in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Amends» Twenty one Days before such Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or his, her or their Attorney, by or on the behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, (he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Limitation of Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing Allions, done in pursuance of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise $ and if any such Action or Suit Audi be brought before Twenty one Days' Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction

made

Chutiii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.I31*

lxxiii.

An Act for establishing and regulating a Fund for the Widsn Children and Relatives of Officers or Persons belonging to the D< partment of Customs in England.

[aid Jw* 1816.

CertainOfficer*

of Curatis to elect a Committee for the Fannation and Regulation of the Fund.

Committee to led a Chairman*

Committee in Rales to specify the Power of the

&C.

WHEREAS the Establishment and Regulation of a Fax! in

W the conditional Benefit and Relief of the Widow ad

Children or other Relatives of the established Officers, Cfcrb or ' other Persons employed in the Department of the Caicos n

England would be highly beneficial; but the lame cannot be dec*

ually made without the Aid of Parliament Be it therefore eac*l by The Ring's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adnceiri Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Coausoss, a this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of tie fax. That all the established Officers, Clerks and other Periods permaady employed in the Department of the Customs in the Port of Ltd*, who mall have signed a Notice in the Form in the Schedile to this Act annexed, marked A., signifying that they accede to the Contribution of Poundage authorized by this Act, in aid of the gmeraJ Purposes of the Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund, sod tbli have delivered such Notice to the Person to be appointed by die Commissioners of the Customs to receive the* same, fall meet oo (sx Day and at some Time and Place to be appointed for that Popok by the Commissioners of the Customs, and which the said Coasufinm of the Customs, or any Four or more of them, are hereby required to appoint within Fourteen Days after the passing of fa Act* sad to cause Seven Days' Notice to be given of fuen Day, Tax sd Place, in such manner as they shall deem expedient and fo&iett; and the senior Officer in the Department present at such Meeting shall be the President and Chairman of such Meeting, and bait tlx casting Voice in case of Equality of Votes at such Meeting; id tfe Officers and Persons present at such Meeting shall elect andDomimt: Twelve Persons superintending in the said Department, or bong Principals of Offices, and not being Clerks, as a Committee for tie Formation of the Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund; which hid Committee shall elect and nominate a President or Chairman, and OuT forthwith proceed to consider and make and arrange such Roles mi ! Regulations for the Establishment and Formation of a Fond fix tix Benefit of the Widows and Children or other Relatives of the Ei*> j lished Officers, Clerks other Persons belonging to or employed k the Department of the Customs in England, and the regulating tk Conduit and Management of the said Fund, and rafsing, collt&Lj and receiving the Subscriptions and Contribution of Powdigt neceffiury for forming such Fund, and paying all Anuuities and Chis thereout, and making Tables of Rates of Subscription to ad Payments out of such Fund for that Purpose, and also the Numbered Description of Directors, Trustees. Auditors, Secretary or other Officers necessary for managing and conducing the said Fund, asd the Collection and safe Custody of the Monies from time to time to be raised and subscribed, and the Interest and growing Produce irifisg therefrom, and paying all Sums to be paid thereoat according to such Rules, Regulations and Tables; and it fhaQ be lawful for the j laid Committee in such Rules and Regulations to Specify therefpe&ne I

PbWTTi

A.D. 1816.

56'GEO.IIL

C. xxyu — ray.

766

Cap. xxvii.

An Act to repeal a certain Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for establishing a Ferry acroft the River Thame* at Woolwien, in the County of Kent.

[21st May 1816«J

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for repairing and altering the Parish Church of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex9 and for making further Provision for the Rector of the said Parish, [21st May 1816.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Peak For eft to Beards and from Peak Fore/l aforesaid, to or near to Woodlands* all in the County of Derby.

[21st May 1816.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from near Gatton Lodge, in the County of Surrey* to Povey Croft* in the said County. (b) [21st May 1816.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Roads leading from the Town of Leominster* in the County of Hereford. (a) [21st May 1816.]

[Additional Trustees One Toll to cease* and Two full Tolls granted.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Lyme Turnpike Road in the Parish of Gittjybam* to Sidmouth, in the County of Devon. (b) [21st May 1816. j

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Bowesf in the County of Tort, to join the Great North Road, near Sunderland Bridge^ in the County of Durham.

[21st May 1816. j

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Fam-borough, in the County of Kent* to Riverhill in the Parish of Sevenoaks in the said County. (6) [21st May 1816. J

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for altering and amending several Acts in regard to the Duty of Two Pennies Soots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer fold in the City of Edinburgh and Places adjacent.

[31st May 1816.]

Cap.

55 G.3.C.18. as limiting the DifUoce for carrying Pastengen, fcc. acroft the River to Two Miles, repealed.

40C.3. c.65. continued.

53. 3.0.13.

W G. a. c. 4. >3 G. 3, 0.91. 36 G. 3. c. xti repealed.

3 O.3.C.5.

9 G. 1. c.i4* 25 G. % . c.9.

38G.3.C.54*

786

C. lxxiii.

56° geo. ni.

AJ).15!6.

Poundage not to extend to Day Pay, Coco pen-fctton or Superannuation XU tournee.

Officer*, ftc. giving Notice, may decline the Contribution of Poundage.

Officers, See. declining Contri-

te make such Contribution, in manner directed by this Act; ad such Contribution shall be assessed for the first Eight Quarters, to be reckoned from the Commencement of such Contribution, or the* forth from the First A fie Ament of every Officer, Clerk or other Person as aforesaid, appointed after the passing of this Act, to the said Department of Custoras, in respect of whom the hid Coctrih-tion of Poundage is hereby declared to be, and thereafter to coeti: se to be compulsory, at the Rate of Two pence in every Poosd ter-ling, and in every fra&ional Part of a Pound Sterling, and for every succeeding Quarter, the Sum of One Penny in every Pound Stasng, and in every fra&ional Part of a Pound Sterling; Provided 1H0, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or becodbrali; extend, to authorize the taking any such Contribution of Poundage out of the Day Pay Allowance of any Person or Personswhatever, employed in the Department of the Customs, or to the Salary or Sum awarded by way of Compensation or Superannuate to m Officers, Clerks or other Persons, who belong or may haiebdx^d to the said Department; and the First Contribution shall be nM levied, collected and deduced out of the Salaries payable at tic Quarter next ensuing and immediately after the Rahfbtion ad Confirmation of such Rules, Regulations and Tables, as afort&d; and all such Money, which shall be so collected, shall be pod over to such Person or Persons, or^ to such Account as fell be specified in such Rules and Regulations, in relation to Coctrikioo of Poundage to such Fund; and thereafter all such CoBtnbataiQ to such Fund shall be raised, collected, paid over, laid out, accosated for and applied according to such Rules and Regulations.

V. And Whereas certain Officers, Clerks or other Perfoes the

may have belonged to the said Department, before the paSsg of

this Act, mayobjed to the said Quarterly Contribution of Yowbpi Be it therefore enacted, That every Officer, Clerk or other Fertx who may object and decline to make such Quarterly Contribuhoo of Poundage shall and is hereby required to give Notice thereof in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked B., which fobs shall be signed by him j and if the said Officer, Clerk or other fek shall be employed in the Port of London, he shall address the (3sd Notice to the Secretary or other Officer of the said Fund appointed to receive the same, within One Calendar Month at the farthef after the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Sobfcripdoo hi have been approved and ratified as aforesaid; and if the said OJfo j Clerk or other Person shall be employed at an Out Port, orO*t or Place attached thereto, he shall address the said Notice to thcCi lector or Comptroller at the Out Port to which he dullornffc attached, within Two Calendar Months at the farthest after tfc Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription flail b* been approved and ratified as aforesaid, which Notice the CoStf* and Comptroller, so receiving the same as aforesaid, dull fortfcb transmit to such Secretary, or other Person as aforesaid; aadiiD* fault of such Notice being so duly given by such Officer, Cki# other Person either in London or the Out Ports, be shall bethel and adjudged to be, and thereafter to continue liable to such Contribution of Poundage to the said Fund as aforesaid*

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer^ Clerk*#}* Person so giving Notice, and declining the f^Quarte^Ccoto^

of

1.D.1816'

56° GEO. III. C. lxxiii.

787

if Poundage to the said Fund, shall be and it hereby declared to be vbolly incapable of becoming a Subscriber to the said Fund at any uture Period, save and except according to the Terms and Conditions ontained in the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subfcrip-ion approved and ratified as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges and Ex-jences arising out of or incident to the passing of this Act, shall le paid from time to time out of the first Monies which shall be raised, evied and collected for such Contribution of Poundage as aforesaid, ogether with all such Sums as may have been advanced, or may >e due and owing for any such Costs and Expences, in case any such Honey shall have been advanced, or may be due and owing.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall and nay, if they shall deem it expedient, admit any Person to be a Sub-criber, and to participate in the Benefits of the said Fund, who may loid the Situation of a Supernumerary Officer or Clerk in the said Department; and the respective Nominees of every Supernumerary )fficer, Clerk or other Person so admitted as aforesaid, shall, and are tereby declared to have, and thereafter to continue to have, to all Intents and Purposes, the same and the like Interest in the said Fund, nd in the Advantages thereof, as if the said Supernumerary Officer, 21erk or other Person had been permanently established in the said Department, under and subject in every respect to the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription approved and ratified is aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall andr nay, if they shall deem it expedient, admit any Person or Persons o be the Nominee or Nominees of any Subscriber to the said Fund vho may not be a Relative or Relatives of the said Subscriber; and he said Nominee or Nominees so admitted as aforesaid shall, and are icreby declared to have, and thereafter to continue to have, to all Intents and Purposes, the same and the like Interest in the said Fund, nd in the Advantages thereof, as if the said Nominee or Nominees tad been a Relative or Relatives of the said Subscriber, under and ubje& in every respect to the Rules and Regulations approved and atified as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That an Order for Payment of Honey addressed to the Receiver General of His Majesty's Customs, >r to the Collector and Comptroller of any Out Port for the time teing, by any Officer, Clerk or other Person employed in the said Department, and under his Hand and Signature, shall be a sufficient )rder, Warrant and Authority to the said Receiver General, and Ilolle&or and Comptroller, and who are hereby thereupon required o pay, from time to time, the Sum declared and specified in Words t length in such Order, as the Quarterly Amount of Subscription, >r the Amount of other Monies due and owing by the said Officer, Dlerk or other Person, to and on the behalf of the said Fund; and he said Sum, so declared and specified in such Order, shall be deduded tom the Salary due and payable to the said Officer, Clerk or other ?erfon at the Quarter or Quarters as set forth in the said Order, and hall be paid over to such Person or Persons, or to such Account at hall be specified in such Rules and Regulations, approved and ratified it aforesaid; provided that the said Order or Orders shall be delivered to the Hud Receiver General, Collector and Comptroller, Three Days

SE 2 at

button incapable of becoming Subscribers, except according to Rules, Sec.

Expences paid out of Poundage.

Directors may admit Supernumerary Officers or Clerks.

Directors may admit Nominees of Subscribers, though not Relative!.

Order on Receiver General and Collector, and Comptroller, sufficient Authority to them for Payment.

788

C. lxxiu.

56° GEO. III.

A J). 1816.

Annuities not to be arguable, or attacliable, or liable to the jus mariti of any Hufbsml a Widow or other Claimant may many.

Directors to be sued in the Name of their {Secretary.

at the lead prior to the Day on which the said Quarterly Salary Bui be due and payable.

9 XL And, in order to ensure to the Widows of the Subscribers,

' or any other Claimants on the said Fund, the full Benefit intended by9this Act, as alimentary Provision for the Widows or other Chumaoti 1 entitled thereto Be it further enacted, That no Annuity or Sam of Money payable to any Widow or other Claimant under my of the Provisions of this Act shall be assignable, except with the Permission and Approbation of the said Directors, or any Three crane of them, or liable to be affected by Arrestment, or otherwise attachable by any Creditor, or be subject to the jut mariti of any Hufts&d with whom any such Widow or other Claimant may intermarry, or bt fubied in any manner to any Debts, or Deeds, or Controul of aay such Husband, but the same shall be paid to each Widow or other Claimant entitled thereto, upon her own Receipt only, notwithfhadtsg such Arrestment, Attachment or Marriage.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors may fie and be sued for or concerning any thing to be done by virtue or it pursuance of this Act, or of the said Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription, approved and ratified as aforesaid, is the Name of their Secretary for the time being; and that no A&xo or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Command of or agaaft tbr said Directors, in the Name of their Secretary, shall abate or he continued by the Death or Removal of any such Secretsy, aor by the Act of such Secretary, without the Content of the tad Diredan, or any Three or more of them, but that the Secretary fee d* to being to the said Directors shall be deemed to be the Plaintif or Defendant, as the case may be, in every such Action.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Subfaiber to the said Fund, under the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription, approved and ratified 2S aforesaid, shall cease to befog to the said Department of Customs, from whatever Cause arising, provided the said Subscriber shall continue to pay Quarterly the find Contribution of Poundage to the Amount due and payable at the time of

feription, to con- his ceasing to belong to the said Department or Customs, under the tinue a Member, Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription, the fiid Subscriber so leaving the said Department frail, without any Hinder-ance whatever, retain his Intpreft in the said Fund, and contour to be a Subscriber to the said Fund, and be deemed to belong to the same, and his Widow, Children and other immediate Relatives, ai the 1 case may be, shall enjoy all such and the like Benefit therefrom, according to their respective Claims, under the said Rules, Regulations isd Tables of Rates of Subscription, as fully in any respect as if he bd

continued to belong to the Department of Customs.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Profits, Dividend!, i Interests and annual Proceeds which shall from time to time arifc free'the Funds and Securities belonging, or which shall at any time befog to the said Fund, shall from time to time be applied to and hr the Uses, Ends, Intents and Purposes in this Act mentioned, or accocdfeg i to the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription approved and ratified as aforesaid, and to or for no other Use, Intern or Purpose whatsoever.

XV* And be it further enacted, That a Report of the Aeeoosts bf the said Fund (foil on or before the First Day of Sffttwier a

tnrj

U a Subscriber leaves the Customs, and continues to pay his fot Rate of Poundage, and kit rated Sub-

Profits and Dividends to be applied to Benefit of Fund only.

Directors, See. to Repott

AJM816. 56° GEO. III. C.Ixxiw.

every Year be deposited in some convenient Place at the Custom House in the Port of London* which the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Four or more of them, are hereby required to appoint to be the Omce of the Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund, for the Perusal of each and every Subscriber who may demand the same at any convenient or appointed Hour, for the Space of One Galen* dar Month from the said First Day of September*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall, and they are hereby declared to have the full, entire and exclusive Controul and Management of and over the said Fund, and every thing relating thereto, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, under andlubject to such Prorifions, Directions, Regulations and Restric-toons, as may have been made in that behalf; and it shall be lawful for such Directors, if they shall at any time after any such Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription shall have been made think it necessary, from time to time to alter any such Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates-of Subscription, and to make any new and additional Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription which may appear to be e(Tential or expedient for the better Regulation, Management and Controul of the said Fund: Provided always, that no such Alterations of any Rule, Regulation or Table of Rates of Subscription already established, or new Rule, Regulation or Table of Rates of Subscription shall be valid or effectual or enforced, until the same shall have been approved by such Subscribers to the said Fund as may be qualified for that Purpose, and in the manner set forth in the Rules and Regulations in force at the time, and by the Commissioners of the Cuitoms, or any Four or more of them, and ratified and confirmed by such Judge or Baron as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specully pleaded.

SCHEDULE A.

T A. Bn do hereby certify to you. That I accede to the Quarterly Contribution of Poundage authorized by an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in aid of the general Purposes of the " Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund.9*

An B.

Dated ai8

SCHEDULE B.

J A. Bn do hereby certify to you, That I decline acceding to the Quarterly Contribution of Poundage authorized by an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in aid of the general Purposes of the " Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund.99 A. B.

Dated 18

G*on

7S9

on ift September in every Year.

Directors to have full Management of the Fund, and to alter and make new Rule*, See. upon certain Conditions.

Proviso.

A & to be a Public Act-

3 E 3

790

C.faody — lxxviii. 56° GEO. III.

i

j» O.3. c.ebuui.

ax O.3. c. 79-39*40 G % 3. clxlii.

13 G.3. c.15.

47 G. 3. SeflT. a.

c. UviiL

8a.

A.D.Mll

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for amending an Act of the Fifty second Year of H# prefen t Majesty for regulating the Police of the City of lit-burgh and the adjoining Distrifctg, and for other Purposes rte? thereto. (£) [22d June 1816.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Rod from Borrowjlounnef* by the West of Linlithgow, and by hr* phichen, Bathgate and Whiteburn, to the Contes of the Cooooty of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhousebum; and for makisg ud maintaining a certain Road from Borrowjlwnnefs to the so Avon (b) [24th JwM'j

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts, is the City and County of the City of Br\stol, and the liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester and Somerset.

[25th Jm iSi6.j

Cap. Ixxvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Tinr-teenth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Ton od.Parishes of Gruvcfend and Milton, in the County of Ken, act for the better Assessment and Collection of the Poor totoisd other Rates within the Parish of Gravesend.

[26th Jm

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement ad Defier of Coals within the several Parishes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent.

[26th Jwu 1816.]

' TT 7 HERE AS by an Act passed in the Forty ferrotb Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act ferrt-9 pealing the several Acts for regulating the Vend and Dtfoxrj if

Coals within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Lite 1 thereof, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middled, Sonrr,

Kent and Essex, and for making better Provtjion for tbejne, cer-

tain Land Coal Meters were continued or appointed for the Pur- pose of admeasuring Coals within the City and Liberty of Iff9minster, and for that Part of the Duchy of Cornwall adjobeg

thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the FA

Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andm

Holborn, as is in the County of Middlesex / and also for the Citjrf

London, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, ifl tk

County of Middlesex; and also for the several Parishes of Efteh9Thorpe, Chertsey, IVey bridge, IValt on on Thames, Wefi Meulfot9Thames Ditton, Kingston, Richmond, Mortlake, Barnet, Cny

don, Mitcham, Putney, Wandf&orth, Battersea, Lambeth, Clrl9church, Newington, Saint George in the Borough of Souther!*9Saint Saviour's, Saint 6lave, Saint Thomas, Saint John>

Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and Saint Mary, Rotherhhix* h9the County of Surrey, and certain Regulations were thereby made9respecting the Vend and Delivery of Coals fold within Ac fa*

1 Places

56° GEO, III.

a Ixiii.

771

Road or Way hereinafter authorized to be made and constru6led in lieu thereof shall be passable for Carriages and Passengers along the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as that Road to be

Part of the said Road or Way called Harrow IVallt hereinbefore de- !"?*

scribed, shall be Hopped up by rirtue of the Provisions of this A 6k, "* "P0*

in respe6k thereof, that Part of the same, which will lie on the Well

Side of the intended Road from the said Bridge to the Obelisk, shall be and become veiled in His Grace the Arcnbilhop of Canterbury and shall be thenceforth Part and Parcel of the Possessions of the See of Canterbury, but subject to be occupied by the Lessees of the adjoining Lands until the Expiration of their Leases; and that Part of the same which shall lie on the South Side of so much of the Wharf called HearnPs Wharf, as lies Eallward of the said Bridge, shall be and become veiled in the said Archbishop, and shall be thenceforth Part and Parcel of the Possessions of the said See, but subject as aforesaid, and also with, under and subject to all such and the same Powers and Provisions as the same would have been subject to under or by rirtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, in case the same had been included in the Schedule to the said firH recited Act i and that Part of the same which shall lie on the Site of the said intended Road from the said Bridge to the Obelisk, and on the South Side of the Wharf belonging to the Company, formerly the Property of Jervoise Clerk Jervoise, shall thenceforth be and become veiled in the said Company, and the Residue thereof shall be conveyed by the said Company to and become veiled in His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales as Duke of Cornwall, and shall thenceforth be Part and Parcel of the Ell ate of the Duchy of Cornwall called Prince9i Meadows, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Power to make prietors shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, a New Road, to make and conllrud fin lieu of that Part of the said Street or and take Lands. Way called Narrow Wall by this Act authorized to be Hopped up)

a Road or Way of the Width of Thirty Feet and no. more, from or from near to a certain Road called the Commercial Road, at or near where the said Road adjoins the said Street or Way called Narrow Wall, on the EaHern Side of the intended Road leading from the said Bridge to the Obeli/k in Saint George's Fields, to or near that Part of the said Street or Way called Narrow Wall, on the Wellern Side of the said intended Road from the said Bridge to the Obelisk aforesaid, which adjoins or is near to the WeHem Part of the said House, Slaughter House and Yard, in the Occupation of Alexander JSverard, in manner described and delineated in the Map or Plan hereinafter mentioned; and it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, to take and use the several Lands, Grounds, Houses, Tenements and Hereditaments mentioned and specified in4 the Schedule to this Act annexed, for the Purposea of the said recited Acts and this Act, and for completing the several Works in the said recited Acts and this Act mentioned, first making Compensation for the same in manner directed

by the said first recited Act or this Act, and subject to the Provisions and Regulations concerning the Purchase of Lands and Hereditament* contained in the said first recited Act, except so far as the said Provisions and Regulations are repealed or altered by this Act;

3 D 2 and

T92

C. lxxviii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.U16.

Manner of Election.

Principal Coal Meter punishable by Justice* in Sessions for Neglect.

Peualtf.

Labouring Meters subj«& to

the time limited for the Execution of such Office shall expire, tin upon the happening of any such Vacancy, it shall and ray be hr* ful to and for the Churchwardens as hereinafter mentioned, or tk major Part of them, in manner hereinafter directed, to ekd, mbih* ana appoint any other Person to be and aft as Principal Lad Col Meter in the Room or Stead of every such Principal Lad Col Meter who shall die, neglect or mifeonduft himself, or becoo; isci-pable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or whose tine jotd for the Execution of his Office shall expire, and so totiu ywte, a often as any such case shall happen; and every such Person lotsk nominated and appointed Principal Land Coal Meter for (neb Leu in the said County of Kent, in the Room or Stead of any fu& other Principal Meter, shall be elested, nominated and appointed br such Persons, and in manner and Form following; that is to say, the Churchwardens of the several and respective Parishes within tk limits of this Act, shall, by Notice in Writing, specifying the Oca-(ion, and signed by Two or more of the Churchwardens of tk lid Parishes, and left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of each such Churchwarden, as soon as the same can be done after acy such Vacancy shall happen, be summoned to meet and assemblea: the said Principal Land Coal Meter's Office, or at the said fabordi-nate Office appointed by the said Principal Land Coil Meter, <: Twelve of the Clock at Noon on a Day to be mentioned in tk k' Notice not exceeding Seven Days from the Date thereof, at riri Meeting some Person shall be chosen and appointed to faced to tk Office of Principal Land Coal Meter for the Limits aiu&d, ad such Person shall at the Hour of One of the Clock o( ikDiy be elected by the Majority of Perfoos, being Churchwardens of tk said Parishes, as shall be then and there assembled, and such Perkis when so elected shall be and is hereby declared to be Principal Lacd Coal Meter for putting this Act in Execution within the fool Pantiles aforesaid; and every such Person so to be elested, noBBtrd or appointed as aforesaid, shall be, remain and continue Pricpl Land Coal Meter for the said several Parishes until the M Dty of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty seven, uolefs k fall sooner die, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for tk Justices of the* Peace for the said County of Kent % in Gtnenl cr Quarter Sessions assembled, and they are hereby authoring cd required to inquire into, and hear and determine any Oomphis of Fraud or Misbehaviour of the Principal Land Coal Meter for tk time being for the Execution of this Act, in the same manner atky are by Law authorized to inquire into, hear and determine Mi&-meanours; and if such Principal Land Coal Meter shall be bed guilty of any Fraud, Neglect or Misbehaviour, he Ml fork# pay for the Use of His Majesty, his Hein and Successors, fc Fine as such Court, before whom such Complaint shall be mak, bo think fit, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with fucbCds as such Court shall think proper to award and direct; and in case of .a second Offence, the said Justices shall be empowered tormwvetk said Principal Land Coal Meter, and to order the Appcuntmest of another in his Stead, to be elected in manner directedby thisAi

V. And be it further enacted, That each and every Labouri? Land Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent or Servant of the pnndpil L

16 Cod

86° GEO. m.

77S

A*

C. Ixifi.

Buildings and Premises required to be taken and used for the Puf-pofee of the same Act; and upon Payment or Tender of the Amount of such Compensation for such Buildings, and the said Damage, the same, and every Part thereof, together with so much of the Site thereof as shall be necessary and sufficient for making and constructing such New Road, shall be and become veiled in and be the Property of the said Company.

VIII. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefient Majesty, after reciting, that in the making and coastrutiing of the Road, leading from the South Foot of the said intended Bridge, a small triangular Slip er Piece of Ground would intervene between the said Bridge Road and thfe Estate of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wale* as Duke of Cornwall, called Princes Meadowi; and that His said Royal Highness had consented to give up and agreed to assign to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, all the Land which should be required out of the said Estate for the making and constructing the intended Road leading to Stamford Street, without receiving any Compensation or Payment for the Value of the same, in confiaeration that the said Company of Proprietors should purchase the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land which would so intervene between the said first mentioned Road and the said Estate called Prince'/ Meadow*$ and assign the same, without any Compensation or Payment for the Value thereof, unto His Royal Highness the Prince of Wale*, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall; it was further enadtedj that the said Company of Proprietors should and might, and they were thereby authorized and empowered to purchase the said triangular Slip- or Piece of Land thereinbefore mentioned, being of the Length of Nine hundred and sixty four feet, or thereabouts, on the West Side thereof, and of the Breadth of One hundred and sixty Feet, or thereabouts, at the North End thereof; and to assign the same and every Part thereof unto His Royal Highness the Prince of Wale*, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, thenceforth to be and remain for ever Part and Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall: And Whereas face the passing of the said recited Act His Royal Highness the Prince of Wale* hath entered into a Contract for the granting of One Lease or several Leases of the said Estate called Prince9s Meadowt, and of the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land, fox several Terms for Years in the said Contract mentioned, of the Parcels respectively: And Whereas the said Company of Proprietors, in pursuance of such Agreement, and under the several Authorities in the said recited Acts contained, have purchased of the Principal, Fellows and Scholars of Jejus College of Queen Elina-beth's Foundation* within the City and University of Oxford; and of John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thoma* James, their several Estates and Interests of and in the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land, and other Land adjoining thereto; and they nave also, under the like Authorities, purchased of Jcrvo'tfc Clerke Jervoise Esquire, a certain Wharf fronting the River Thame*, and have given Notice of their Intention to purchase a Messuage or Tenement and Yard, both adjoining to the said Estate called Prince* Meadow*, and ex* tending from the said triangular Slip of Land to the River Thoma /. and the said Company of Proprietors are at the Time of passing

3 D 3 MthSL

C. lxxviii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Labouring Coal Meters to attend their Stations.

Notice

Not ittending, &c.

Penaky.

Coal Meters not to be interested iu Sale of Coals*

Penalty.

Punishment.

Land Coal Meters may demand from Ven-

sped and measure, or fee measured or loacted, all such Coals bet wen

Buyer and Seller, and execute such other Duties as are by Lrw

required to be done by a Labouring Land Coal Meter, vithrct

Favour or Hatred., So help me GOD.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said several Land Coal Meters, shall and they are hereby required to zsex it the several Wharfs, Warehouses and other Places, at whaca be cr they shall be Rationed from time to time by the said Principal Lad Coal Meter, each and every Day (Sundayst Good Friday, ChrJ-mas Day and Fall or Thanksgiving Days by ProclamHt»a olr excepted) in each and every Year from the Twenty fifth March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, from the Hoar of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening; iri from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty £hb Dis of March, from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour of Six in the Evening; and if upon Notice being given to tnr Inch Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters so (tattooed, or Notice being left in Writing at his or their Office or Offices, or Place cr Places of Abode, to attend at any Wharf, Warehouse or other P!*: ; to be named in such Notice, within the Limits of his or their Satie: or Stations for the time being, in order to measure or fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required by this Act to be done by any Land Coal Meter at any such Wharf, Waehouse or other Place, or if Notice requiring the Attendance of a Labour* ing Land Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Wantorit or other Place to be named in such Notice^ for the Purpose of meaibag or to fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty reqmied of Labouring Land Coal Meters by this Act, shall be given at tbs Office of the said Principal Land Coal Meter, or at the hid fiiber-dinate Office; and if such Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters shall not attend pursuant to any such Notice within the Space of tour Hours from the giving of the same, and do his or their Duty 1 according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then asd b'every such case every such Labouring Land Coal Meter hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fire; Pounds.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the hid Principal Land Coal Meter, or any of the Persons to be employed under him, shall at any time or times hereafter, during his or their respective Continuance in Office or Employment as afordad, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of any Cods whatsoever, otherwise than in the Discharge of his or their hid it* spective Offices, such Principal Land Coal Meter so offending IsS, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Or hundred Pounds, and such Deputy Coal Meter, and Labouring W Meter respectively, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit ari any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and being thereof respectiriy convicted before the said Court of General or Quarter Seta, shall be dismissed from his or their said respective Office or Employment, and be for ever di&bled from holding or executing the lame or any other under this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoever feU and to be feet or taken away in any Waggon, Cart or other Cr-

dpi

56° GEO. III. C.briiL

775

Wharf of the Breadth aforesaid; and also the Site of that Part of the said Street or Way called the Narrow Wall, hereinbefore described, abutting thereon at aforesaid; and also so much and such Part of the hud Messuage or Tenement and Yard as aforesaid t Provided always, that the said several Parcels of Land so to be transferred and assigned to and retained by the said Company of Proprietors respectively, shall be freed and discharged of and from all Contracts or Agreements entered into by His said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and the said Land so to be conveyed and aligned to His said Royal Highness in lieu thereof shall be liable to and charged with all Contreds or Agreements entered into by His said Royal Highness, to which the said Lands so to be assigned to or retained by the said Company of Proprietors are now liable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That His laid Royal Highness Enabling the the Prince of Woks, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, Prince of Wales shall and may and he and they is and are hereby empowered to make

Leases and Grants, or to enter into any further Contract or Con- &c tracts, for granting One or more Leases of all such Parts of the said exchange, triangular Slip as mall not be transferred and assigned to and retained by the said Company of Proprietors j as also of the said Wharf and Land so to be purchased, conveyed and assigned to His said Royal Highness as aforesaid $ and His mid Royal Highness? his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, and the King or Queen for the time being shall have the same and the like Powers and Authorities in respect to the feed Grotmd or Site so veiled in him and them by force of this Act, as he now hath, or he or they shall or may have, under add by virtue of all or any of the several Acts of Parliament made and palied, one in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to make Leases, Copies and Grants of Officer,

Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness* s Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for the other Pur* poses therein mentioned / another, made and passed in thie Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Royal Highness George Primes of Wales to grant Ltafes of cerfaitt Lands and Prendfes called Prince's Meadows, in the Parifk of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of Hie Jdid Royal Highness*$

Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purtofe of building thereon; and the Other, paded in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, Ptjfftd in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to grant Leases of certain f+and* and Premises called Prince's Meadows, in the Parifk of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal HtghneJPs Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purpose of building thereon.

X. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act or in the Lands belonging

said recked Acts contamed shall extend or be construed to extend to to ofCan"

authorise or empower the said Company to take or use any Lands

or Hereditaments belonging to the See of Canterbury, until ihe^ Cogpcgfetioabs shall have made Competition for the same in manner directed by the made, ftc. find recited Acts or this Act, sese and except only in such manner and for fitch Purports ad the said Company any lawfully take and u$ the (ante, or any Part thereof? by virtue of any Lease or Leafei already granted or hereafter to be granted by the said See.

3Di*XI. An*

Vender, &c. using Sacks of improper Di-tnenfions.

Penalty, fcc.

Coals delivered by Gang Labour need not be put into such Sacks.

What Bushel Measure to be made use of.

12 Ann. Scat. 2. c.iy. § iit ia.

Dealers, tc. using other Bufcel.

Penalty. Servants, &c. of Dealer using other Bushel.

C. Ixsrviii. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 18H

t

and Two Inches in Length by Two Feet and One Inch is Brail and no Sack shall be sealed or marked which shall not, attbetf of the marking or sealing thereof, measure in the Inside thereof Fa Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Isck in Breadth; and if anj Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dah in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, shall use or cause to be used a Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coals within thekmaia respective Limits aforesaid, not sealed or marked as afort&d, or a less Length at the time of using the same than Four Feet ad Tws Inches at the lead in the Inside thereof, or of lefa Breadth the Tws Feet and One Inch at the lead in the Inside thereof, then as is every such case every such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer« Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals shall, for every such Sax so unmarked or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit and psy any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and the Jafbce or Mxts before whom such Con vision shall take place, shall cask every fori Sack found unmarked, or deficient either in Length or Breadth, to be destroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be dcfivwtd by Gang Labour may be conveyed without the Use of such Sacks; asy thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV* And be it further enacted, That no Bofhel ftafl be kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurement of aay Cosh fold within the Limits aforesaid, which shall not be fuchBdbdunit-feribed in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Rag* of Her late Majesty Queen Antu> intituled An Act fir theJfiAjad effectual prefer vine of the Navigation of the River of Ttaary, i« flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagestan, a tbs County of Essex, and for afccrtAmng the Coal Meojwre, sad which shall not have been first stamped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at /iVeflmitfler, or at the Guildhall, Lambs, previously to the same being (o kept or used; and that every such Bushel, previously to being so damped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper Hoops, sad shall be so damped or marked with a Steel Indrument on the uppermot Irci or Copper Hoop; and that every such Bushel shall be krpt without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of fud Bushel all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such Bushel in the Fora: of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at kaft Six Index and the Outside of the Bushel to be the Extremity of the Btfe or such Cone; and that each and every Chaldron of unis flail co*£l of Thirty fix of such Bushels so heaped, and so in proportion for any lefTer Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, shall keep or mb use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Bushel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Bushel as afloitfiud, «d so dampt as aforesaid, or shall in any wise decrease or dinuuft aay such Bushel dampt as aforesaid, or mall permit his, her or ther Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealen in, or Verier or Venders of Coals fb offending, shall forfeit and pay, for every fad Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if ay fed Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or urisr the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders shall make use of, in admeasuring of any Coals, aay JkAel other

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C. lxiii.

777

or Streets communicating therewith respectively, in such manner that any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, may be wanted, which are not contained in the Schedules to the said recited Acts or this Act annexed, or any or either of them, or in any or either of the Maps or Plans in the said recited Acts or this Act mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to carry into Effect such Variations or Aiterations, upon their obtaining the Consent of the several Owners and Occupiers, and other Persons or Parties interested in the said last mentioned Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, and all and every Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy or otherwise, and all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees or Feoffees in Trull for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Ceftuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Person or Persons, and all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein; and all other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered to give such Consent, and thereupon to sell and convey the same, and every Part thereof, to the said Company, in like manner as if such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments had been contained in the said Schedule to this Act annexed.

' XIV. And Whereas several Parts of the Lands and Heredita-

ments which are or will be required for the Purposes of the said

recited A 61s and this A A are of Copyhold or Customary Tenure,

and Doubt8 have arisen as to the manner in which such Copyhold < or Customary Lands and Hereditaments should be conveyed to the

said Company of ProprietorsBe it therefore further enacted. That any such Lands or Hereditaments which are of Copyhold or Customary Tenure mny be surrendered into the Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors of which the same are respectively holden, to the Use of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns; and the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors (nail, if they shall think fit, be thereupon admitted to hold the same unto the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, according to the Cul-tom of the said Manor or Manors, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that if the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the time being of such Manor or Manors, shall be desirous that such Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, mall be enfranchised, Satisfaction shall be made in relpe& thereof; and such Lands and Hereditaments shall be conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, in Fee Simple, in the same or the like manner as any other Lands or Hereditaments to be taken or used for the Purposes of the said A61a.

XV. And

Conveyance of Copyholds.

Proviso for Enfranchisement.

C.lxiii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Power to make an Archway over the New Road.

Committee may agree for Pjtf of Persons for Three Yeats, and issue Tickets.

Lending

Tickets.

Penalty.

Notice of Payment of Toil to be given on a Board.

Delacing Notice.

Penalty.

Toll Collectors to put up their Names.

XV. And Whereat in order to make a gradual Ascent to tk

said Bridge on the South Side thereof, without destroying or is.

commoding the free Passage of Persons, Horses and Ctrriageialoof

the said intended Road hereby authorized to be made from the hid < Road called the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall aforehid, it«will be necessary that an Arch should be constructed or ended

over the said intended Road, and under the ascending Aiwa c or Road to the said Bridge on the South Side thereof; ' Bek therefore further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to act for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at their own proper Coils and Chvgts, fc make or cause to be made an Arch or Aren way over or upon the fud intended Road, of a Width not being less than Twenty fix Feet it the Bottom or widest Space thereof, and of a Height being not lth than Twenty four Feet above the Level of certain Lands called Prince*s Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the Couatyoi Surrey.

XVI. And be R further enacted. That the Committee of tk said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority to contract or agree with any Person or Persons for his, her or thar free Passage over the said Bridge, and along the said Roads, for aiy time or times not exceeding Three Years, at any one thus for such Sum as to the said Committee shall seem meet, and thereupon to Ik One or more Ticket or Tickets to such Person or Persect, to enable him, her or them to pass Toll free over the said Bridge, and aloag the said Roads, for the time for which such Contract Hull have bees made; and if any such Person or Persons shall lend or traisfer fueli Ticket for the Use of any other Person or Persons, and whereby such other Person or Persons shall under colour of such Tick pass over the said Bridge, or through any Turnpike or Toll £v upon any of the said Roads Toll free, such Person or Personj h offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sun aot exceeding Forty Shillings, for th& Use of the said Company.

XVII. And be it further entiled, That the said Company kB and they are hereby directed and required to canfe Notice to be given by or upon a Board, to be constantly affixed on the Front of all the Turnpikes or Toll Houses to be erected on or near the ini Bridge, in large legible Characters, that the Payment of Toll at nj one Turnpike or Gate shall free and exempt the Person or Period paying the same from Payment at any other Turnpike or Gate, for or in respect of passing once over the said Bridge$ and if any Porfos or Persons shall deface or obliterate any Part of the Notice oq such Board, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay as? Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Toll CoBe&r appointed either by the said Company of Proprietors, or by say Lefiee or Lessees under them, to collect the Tolls payable at aay Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of the said recited Ada or this Act, shall and he is hereby required to place hia Out dan and Surname, painted on a Board in kgibie Chamder* id the Front or on same other conspicuous Part of & Toll Houseor Toll Gate, immediately after hia coming on Duty, and dull continue tk same (b placed during the whole time he shall be upon such Duty; and if anyCoUt&or of the said ToUa shall Act pfeot feak Board a

drift

Collectors of*

1816. 56° GEO. III.

Chxvffi

799

Person attending such Cart* Waggon or other Carriage laden Cinnan, fc&noe any such Coals as aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have

given, by or by the Directions of the Vender or Venders,

: r or Dealers, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall,

ng first received the same from the Vender nr Venders, Dealer

talers, or any Person by the Order of the Vender or Venders,

jr or Dealers) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the

hafer or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Ser-

or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or de-

red from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such

tan. Driver or other Person aforesaid so offending (nail, for every

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders What Sum of

r Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, Money to be

sent in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, from any Wharf,

ehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Act, or any Coat* sold by

Is sold as and for Pool Measure, and delivered by Gang Labour Pool Measure.

\ or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Coal Meter I be Rationed, situate within such Limits; or the Occupier or rupiers of any such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, from or r which any such Coals shall be so sent or taken away shall, and It Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or Occupier or Occurs, is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal ter for the Execution of this Act, at and after the Rate of One illing for every Five Chaldron and One Vat so bought and sent to^to Principal: Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, as and for a Compensation for Meter* i Trouble of inspecting or superin ten ding the loading and fending ay such Coals, and such Money shall be repaid by the Purchaser Purchasers of such Coals to the Vender or Venders, Dealer or alers thereof.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Enihling Pur-

rein contained shall extend or be conftraed to extend to hinder or chafers cf Coals

event any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Coals, sold as and forj°!d Pool

wl Measure, from fending such Coals to the Premises of such ^Coals^e^*

irehafer or Purchasers, or to any Landing Place which such Pur- nvere<j without

taler or Purchasers shall appoint, (provided such Landing Place or the Intervention

remifes be not a Coal Wharf, or Place where any Meter shall by of a Meter.

rtue of this Act be stationed, ) or from having such Coals unloaded

id delivered at such Premises or Landing Place, either by Gang

abour or in any other manner, except in or by Means of any Cart,

t/aggon or other Carriage, without the Pretence, Intervention or

afpe&ion of any Land Coal Meter, and without being subject or

able to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money what foe ver

) any Land Coal Meter for or in respect of such Coals j but in case Fes for Attend-

ich Landing Place shall be within the Limits of this Act, and such ance of Meter.

'urchafer or Purchasers shall require the Care or Attendance of a

-rand Coal Meter, then he, (he or they shall have and be entitled to

uch Attendance, upon fending Notice of such his, her or their

pefue to the said Principal. Land Coal Meter's Office or to the

aid subordinate Office, and in such case such Purchaser or Pur-

ihafers shall pay and be charged for the Attendance of such Land

Coal Meter, at and after the aforesaid Rate of One Shilling for

wry Five Chaldron and One Vat of such Coals.

XIX. And

C.lxxviiL

t6n GEO. III.

A.D. 1S1*.

Carman to carry a Bushel Mea* fora io his Cart.

Stamped, Jtc.

Penalty oa Carman. Penalty on Vender, prorifo.

Venders to de-hirer Tickets of Cods sold by Wharf Meafore.

Form.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Dr^ of any Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, loaden with Coals for Si: t or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, birr Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Cr-riers of Coals from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Cnr. or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within tie Lsna aforesaid, shall not hare placed on some conspicuous Part of his Can, Waggon or other Carriage, a perfect Bushel Meafore, of tie Fern, Size or Dimensions, and so stamped or marked as berabeforr directed, (which Measure shall he provided by the Vender or Yewen of, Dealer or Dealers in or Carrier or Carriers of such Coal*, ) for and in every such case every such Carman or Driver of fads Cm, Waggon or other Carriage, not having such Bushel Meaforeiz placed I therein or thereon, shall for every such Offence forfeit azi \ pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the Vender or Vender* of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals, foil forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Proridfi always, that Coals which shall be carried or conveyed so Bdk, or n any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage belonging to the Pnrthafrr or Purchasers of such Coals, may he so carried or conveyed without thr Carman being obliged to carry a Bushel Measure therewith, or ary Person or Persons being subject or liable to aiiy Penalty or Penal: ?' in refoe& thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Voder? of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Cnh, or iron any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the Limits afanfe?, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, from air Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and arc required to deliver or cause to be delivered a printed Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver or other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered the same Ticket so received from sech Vender to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, for or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Cook cootasd in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be (hot or ddnerri therefrom$ and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following:

VENDER'S TICKET.

Mr. A* B.

[Here insert the Name of the Buyer.]

1 T\A KE Notice, That you are to receive herewith [Here isfin tie

Number ] Sacks of [ Here insert the Name of the] Coals [Hr?

insert the Number'] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coal'

[Here insert the Number] Sack.6 of [Here insert the Nametf thj

Coals $ and that by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of so Reign of King George the Third, [Here set forth the Tub ft tfo AS] the Carman is directed to deliver this Ticket before he ioofc < any of the Coals out of his Cart, Waggon or other Carrage; sd

that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart, Waggon or other Carnap,

by which the Carman is directed to measure gratis^ under tie

Penalty of Twenty Pounds, the Coals contained so any One Sack«which the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack is to ? contain Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Oet-

<£de

D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C. lxxviii-

801

side of the Measure being the Extremity of the Base thereof.

C. D.

[ Here in/ert the Nam of the Vender] E. F.

[.Here insert the Name of the Labouring Meter in case of the Coals being Jent from within the DistriS of the said Office. J Dated [Here jnf*r* be Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such Ticket was fgned.f

nd in case any such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealert, shall c deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid to the irchafer or Purchasers of such Coals, or to hit, her or their Ser-nt or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or livered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such ?nder or Venders, Dealer or Dealers shall for every such Offence rfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in case e Carman, Driver of or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon other Carriage, laden with any such Coals aforesaid, to whom such icket shall have been given by, or by the Direction of the Vender or coders, Dealer or Dealers, in order to be delivered to the Purcha-, shall (having so fir (I received the same from the Vender or Ven-rs, Dealer or Dealers, or any Person by the Vender's or Dealer's rders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the jyer or Buyers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or rvants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered >in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman, river or other Person aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit d pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Car-an or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with oals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers ereof by the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such oals, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or om any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, within the Limits afore-id, shall and he is hereby directed to measure gratis, if he shall be quired so to do, the Coals contained in any One of the Sacks con-ined in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, which may be losen by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or his, her - their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting on te behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, with such Bushel Mea-ire as aforesaid, in order that such Purchaser or Purchasers may be itter enabled to judge of the Necessity of having the whole of ch Coals remeasured in manner directed by this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Driver : any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with Coals for Sale,

to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers by the Vender or enders of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, Vessel, .igliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or ther Place within the Limits aforesaid, shall neglelt or refuse to easure by the said Bo(hel Measure such Sack of Coals in manner irein directed, when thereunto required by the Purchaser or Pur-wafers of such Coals, or by his, her or their Servant or Servants, or : her Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such urcbafer or Purchasers, to be measured, or if any such Carman or hirer shall drive away, or permit or suffer the said Cart, Waggon r other Carriage to be driven a^ray without measuring, in manner

86 Gto. III. S F herein

Vender not delivering Ticket,

Penalty.

Carman not delivering Ticket to Purchaser.

Penalty.

Carman required to mealure One Sack, gratis, in each Cart.

Carman driving CojI* away without measuring the Sack.

Peaalty.

Purchasers of Coals foot by Water may have the same remea-forad.

Lightermaa*leaving or not securing Craft.

Penalty on Owner.

Penalty on Lighterman.*Purchaser to fend Notice to Meter's Office of remeasuring.

Meter to attend.

Deficiency found oti Remeasurement.

Penally on Vender.

Ctonriii. O.III. A.D. 1S16.

herein directed, the bid Sack of Coal& or shall hinder, obstruffer otherwise prevent the Purchaser or Purdiafera of such Coaii.oria, her or their Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Personi whom foe ver, from measuring the bid Bushel Measure, or ill or nj Sack or Sacks in such his Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, thesai in every such case, every such Carman or Driver so offendag M lor every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceediig Tm Pounds; and the Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers kbek Coals shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Ponds XXIII* And be it further enacted, That if any PurchafadaT Coals fold and sent to such Purchaser by any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, from any Place within the Limits of this Act, shall think or suspect that the full and lawful Meafore of my fodb Coals has not been sent, and shall, before the Lighterman or otkr Person having the Care or Management of fuchShip, VeftJ, Ligkaf Barge or other Craft, have delivered up to the Purchafier, or io &> her or their Servants, such Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, and quitted the Charge thereof, and before Bast fci be broken of such Coals, signify his or her Desire to base bdi Cods renieasured, then and in every such case the Lightrrma or other Person sent with the Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or Craft ia whicl the bid Coals shall be brought, shall either conunuest tbr Lwfef Place or Premises of the Purchaser of the bid Coals, rift the hid Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, until such Coast or rr-measured, or shall leave such Ship, Vessel, Tigliter, Bailor other Craft properly fallened and made Secure at such Lao&og Hamor Premites, or as near thereto as can be, and permit the fimefo to m main there until such Coals are remeasured, under the Pemky of Ten Pounds on the Owner and Proprietor, and Forty SUDhns on the Lighterman or other Person sent with such Ship, Vdfci, Lifter, Barge or other Craft; and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend or cause to be sent to the Vender or Dealer of the fudCod % or to his or her Wharf, Notice in Writing that the bid Cods ut gomgto be remeasured, and also fend Notice in Writing thereof to the Once of the said Principal Land Coal Meter, or to the said futardmsle Office, and thereupon the Principal Land Coal Meter, or Ose of the Labouring Meters, as the cafejnay be* (not being the Meter safer whose Inipe&ion any fuclt Coals may have been ongjosBy loacted, ) shall, within Four Hours next after such Notice in'Wrinagkfc sc either of the said Offices, attend from such Office where inch fibdoe shall be so left to remeasure the said Coals, and shall acoordqgk it-measure (he same with the Buihel Measure in the Preface in the Vender or Dealer and Purchaser of the said Coils, or thor Agnus or Servants, if any of them shall attend for ihe Purpose of £eag such Coals remeasured, and in case it shall appear upon the Rom* furement of such Coals, by such Principal oh Labouring Cod Near as shall attend lor the Purpose of remeasuring of foa Cosh* that such Coals do not amount to the Quantity for which they*bld, then and in every such case, if such Coals have bees fold aimdfer Pool Measure, the Vender or Venders of. Dealer or Men* sids Coals shall in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four BdMw mi not exceed-Ten BuiheUin any Five Chaldron gndOar Vrt sHCmh so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every BdhclofCoikfctaftdt* fleient in every Five Chaldron and One Vat any Sfasot«*fag

- 8* Forty

56° GEO. III. C. Ixvii — IxxiL

78»

Cap. lxrii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts for 13 O.1. g 15. repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, 15*'

so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Broomfgrove G* c'2

to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making continued.*a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley. (a)

Qaoth June 1816.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. Half Toll over on Sunday. Additional Trustees, J

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, for 7*8 W. 3. amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the c-County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford, is.

in the County of Norfolk. (a) [20th June 1816. J »o 0.3. c. 16.

7 G. 3. c. 76. 3aG. 3. c. ux. continued.

Cap. Ixix.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 29 G. a. g 8s. Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repair- 16 3. g 83.

ing the Road from the North End of the Town of Derby, in the 35G*3«* County of Derby, to Shejfield, in the County of Took, and from Duffteld to Wirksworth, in the County of Derby. (a)

[20th June 1816.]

[Former Tolls between Duffield and Sheffield repealed, and new Tolls granted. New Trustees. ]

Cap. lxx.

An Act for making and maintaining Highways, Roads, Bridges and 15 G.3. c.63. Ouays, and for regulating Ferries in the Shire of Argyll; and for 39*40 G. 3. altering and repairing certain Military and other Roads, Bridges and Quays in the said Shire, and in the Parish of Arrtchar, and rePcaled' Shire of Dumbarton. (a) [20th June 1816«3

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for altering and improving Part of the Turnpike Road, leading from the City of Dublin, to the New Packet Harbour of Howth, for the Conveyance of His Majesty's Mails; and for amending the several Laws relating to the said Road.

[20th June 1816.]

[New and additional Tolls.]

Cap. txxii.

An Act for continuing and amending Four Acts passed in the Reigns 'of their late Maiefties King George the First and King George the Second, and of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Luton to West wood Gate, in the County of Bedford, and from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, (a)

[20th June l8l$0 [Former Tolls repealedt and new Tolls granted. J

Cap

a6 G.3. c.30.

28 G. 3. c.48.

29 G. 3. g 24-31 G. 3. c. 50. 3»G.3.c.3J. 33 G. 3. c. 20. 38 G.3. C.4X.

45 G. 3. c. 43.

46 G.3. c. 134.

13 G. I. c.17.

16 G. a. c. 23.

17 G. a. c.42. 13 G. 3. c 72. 35 G. 3. g 163. continued.

Penalty.

Coal Meter's Payment for Wharf Mealure Coals.

Principal Meter to deliver to Vender, &c. a Ticket.

The Contents of such Ticket.

If Purchaser desire to have particular Sacks re-measured, Proceedings.

In what case Metage to be paid to Vender.

C. lxxviii. 56° GEO. III A.D. lift

dered incapable of acting as a Labouring Coal Meter, sad fork and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coala which shall be sold and delivered, ts act for Wharf Measure, at any Wharf, Warehouse or Place vithnlh Limits of this Act, and so in Proportion for any greater cr leh Quantity than a Chaldron, shall be paid by the Occupier or Osa-piera of the Wharf, Warehouse or Place from which fud Cob are taken, or by the Seller or Vender of such Coak to the fed Principal Land Coal Meter for the Execution of this Act, ui thereupon such Principal Land Coal Meter is hereby required tode-liver, or cause to be delivered, to every Seller of such Coals, ortk Carman who shall cart, lead, drive or carry away the fuse, a Paper Writing, or Ticket, signed by the Principal Laud Coal Meter, d countersigned by the Labouring Coal Meter attending and during the same, in which shall be contained the Christian aid Sutsnr or Names of the respective Seller or Seliers, Vender cr Voders, Dealer or Dealers, and also either the Christian or Surtax or Names of the respective Seller or Seliers, Vender or Veoders, and also either the Christian or Surname or Names or only the Sumac or Names of the Purchaser or Purchasers, Consumer or Gafsaen of the said Coals, and the Quantity of such Coals, and the Day of the Week, Month and Year of the Delivery, and AdnaferaBcir, and Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Nanw of the Caraan or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the hat Gob, ad also shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchiienoi&iui Coals, that if he, (he or they is or are difiatisfied with the Maine thereof, and shall desire to have all such Coals remeasured, fochDtf-satisfaction must he expressed to the Carman, before more tin Ok Sack of such Coals is (hot or unladen from the Waggon, fart or other Carriage conveying the same; and that if fuchPutcWrror Purchasers shall be so diifatissted, and shall desire to bare all or ay of the particular Sacks remaining in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage remeasured, so as to ascertain the Contents of each or acy at such particular Sacks, then that such Desire must be eipdrd to the Carman before any of the Sacks of Coals which such Purchaser or Purchasers shall delire to have remeasured, shall be (hot or o-loaden from the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the fox shall he sent; which, said Ticket, being thus made complete, ad Metage paid, shall he delivered unaltered by the Labouring Co! Meter, countersigning the same ^without* Delay to the Carman or P* son employed to cart, carry, drive or lead the Coals defenbed ia Id Ticket, to the Purchaser or Consumer therein named; whichft Ticket unaltered, the said Carman or Person therein named to he employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals in such Ticket £ Scribed, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respect* Consumers or Purchasers therein named, or to their Agent er Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in TuchT&t for the Use of such Purchaser or Consumer, and thereupon Ifck or they is and are hereby required to pay to the Seller named a U Ticket, the Metage therein specified, and if the Labouring Gal fr ter countersigning such Ticket, shall after Payment or Tender of the Metage charged in pursuance of this Ack, refuse to delrier tfj Ticket as hereinbefore directed to the Carman or Person capM

>D.1816

56* GEO. III

CJxxviii.

805

cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals therein described, such La*

oring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

f Sum not exceeding Fire Pounds; and if such Carman or Person Carman refuting

iployed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals described in such to deliver Tickat

cket, shall, after the same Ticket shall have been so delivered to to purclwJ'tr'

n by the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning the same, either

er or neglect, or refuse to deliver the same Ticket to the Purchaser

Consumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall

'.end to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, such Carman or

nrfon employed to cart, lead or drive the Coals described in such

icket, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not Penalty.

ceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Wharfingtn sealer in Coals shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or cause to giving Bribe* to; given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meter, < leter or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward r Gratuity whatsoever over and above Sixpence per Chaldron erein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Aetage of Coals measured by the Buffiel, or over and above the )ne Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat of Coals fold ly Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, every such Person o offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum Penalty, tot exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXX. And be it Further enacted, That if any Principal or La- Meter* recciv-wuring Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, a false or counter- x^ket*"8 fcited Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman or other Person, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Mooey, Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat of Coals sold by the Pool Measure, for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, or if such Principal Land or Labouring Coal Or permitting Meter shall willingly permit or suffer to be made false Measure of f*lfe Meefure to any Coals, or shall deliver a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of* mad*c* Cods, the who!* of which he shall have not seen measured, or shall couBterfign any Vender's or Dealer's Ticket for any Coals, without having inspected such Coals, or without seeing and taking care that the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been first completely emptied out of and loaded from such particular Room or Rooms so fold, then, and in every such case, every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever Serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Penalty.

Meter.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Quantity what- Vender for not soever of Coals exceeding Eight Bethels, fold or to be sold as and"

for Wharf Measure, shall be sent or driven in any Cart, Waggon or whaif other Carriage, or carried by Gang Labour from any Wharf, Ware- Measure Cod*.

3 F 3 house

80S

C.lxsviiL

56° GEO. III.

A.D.U1&

Pcukj.

Meter permitting Seeks to be used of too ftnall Dimensions.

Penalty.

Venders of Coals sold as Wharf Measure, if dif-satished, may have them re-measured.

Notice by Yen* der.

Meter to at* tend, fee.

Fee for Remee> furtmenu

Excess.

Penality.

Coeli sent by Land Carriage to be remea-ibred, if desired,

or Place, fitDate within the*Limits of this Act, wuhottbnq been measured by such Bufttel Measure as is directed anddefoibet by this Act, or without such Meter's Ticket tt aforesaid, so fyed and countersigned as aforesaid, hatring beta first obtained, or i such Ticket as aforesaid shall not be delivered to the Purchaser cr Pure haters of any such Coals, before any Part of such Oak m (hot or delivered upon the Premiles of such Purchaser or Psrdakrv then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of, Dak «r Dealers in such Coals shall, for every such Offence, forfeit ad py any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if uy Liborog Coal Meter to be appointed purfuaot to this Act, flail ofe, v knowingly permit or suffer any Sack or Sacks to be made dr of for the measuring or carrying of Coals of lets Dianfem the such Sacks as are directed to be used for that Purpose by tka Act, at any Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, tk ad in every such case, every such Labouring Coal Meter shal hr any such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding FiwPwk.

XXXIII. Provided always, aftd be it farther etuded, Tbstif any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coah (old as and for Wharf Measure shall be difiatisfied with tie Mn/woot which (halt have been made of anr such Coals at any Wharf, Ware-house or other Place of Sale within the Limits of this A4 bror under the Inspection of the Labouring Land Coil Meter hook or attending at such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, tixi in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for lack Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before such Cohwict away from such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place of Safe, to W, or cause to be sent, to the Office of the Principal Liad Col Mete for the Execution of this Act, or to the said fubordmte OSe, Notice in Writing fiunifying the Desire of such Vender* Vain of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to hive such Cosli rtsaW and then and in such case such Principal Metrr, or One of the Labouring Meters of or from such Office, not bring the Mete under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally snW, shall, within the Space of Four Hours next after such Notice a Writing left at such Office, attend to remeasure the hid Coals, sc shall accordingly remeasure the same, Sack by Sack, by tk Bok Measure, in the Presence of such Vender or Venders of or Dob or Dealers in such Cools, or his, her or their Agent or Stnai, <* Agents or Servants, and for such Remeasurement such Vender cr Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals shall pay, or anse to be paid, to the said Principal Coal Meter the Sum of Sixp«r for every Chaldron of Coals so remealured, and in case it W appear upon such Remeasurement that the Coals so retncifarrd U

exceed the Quantity for which the same were fold, then aodnhd case if such Excels shall be equal or amount to or exceed Tu Buihels in any Chaldron so reineasured, the Meter who M odd such Coals (nail for every Bushel so exceeding such Qouttj* aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shulingi together sd all the Expences of such Remeasurement.

XXXIV* Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thatif*1 Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servmt orScroft shall be dissatisfied with the Measure of any Cosli fold or to fe

deW

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C. lxiii.

777

or Streets communicating therewith respectively, in such manner that any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, may be wanted, which are not contained in the Schedules to the said recited Acts or tills Act annexed, or any or either of them, or in any or either of the Maps or Plans in the said recited Acts or this Act mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to carry into Effect such Variations or Aiterations, upon their obtaining the Consent of the several Owners and Occupiers, and other Persons or Parties interested in the said last mentioned Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, and all and every Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy or otherwise, and all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees or Feoffees in Trull for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Ceftuique Trulls, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Person or Persons, and all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein; and all other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity what soever is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered to give such Consent, and thereupon to sell and convey the same, and every Part thereof, to the said Company, in like manner as if such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments had been contained in the said Schedule to this Act annexed.

XIV. And Whereas several Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments which are or will be required for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act are of Copyhold or Customary Tenure, and Doubts have arisen as to the manner in which such Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments Should be conveyed to the said Company of ProprietorsBe it therefore further enacted, That any such Lands or Hereditaments which are of Copyhold or Customary Tenure mny be surrendered into the Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors of which the same are respectively holden, to the Use of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns $ and the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors mail, if they shall think fit, be thereupon admitted to hold the same unto the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, according to the Cul-tom of the said Manor or Manors, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that if the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the time being of such Manor or Manors, shall be defi-rout that such Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, mall be enfiranchifed, Satisfaction shall be made in respect thereof; and such Lands and Hereditaments shall be conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, in Fee Simple, in the same or the like manner as any other Lands or Hereditaments to be taken or used for the Purposes of the said Acts.

XV. And

Conveyance of Copyholds.

Proviso for En-franchiseraent.

808

C. lxxviii.

58" GEO. III:

AJ3.1W.

Fee to be paid by Purchaser for Remetfurement.

Deficiency appearing on Re-measurement.

Penalty on Vender.

If Cosh fold for Wharf Measure. Penalty.

Penalty on Labouring Meter.

Penalty on Coal Porters.

When Deficiency, and Coals sold as for Pool Measure. Penalty on Vender.

Penalty.

Proviso.

Meter his or their Option or Desire as to which of the fad Two Ways he or they would wish such Remeasurement to be tiknor made in, then and in evenr such case such Meter shall proofed is remeasure such Coals in such manner, and so as to afeertso tb whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks tab i together, and for such Remeasurement such Purchaser or Porctdai I shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Principal Land Coal Mac or.Coal Meters, of and from the Office to which Notice fai for been sent as aforesaid. Sixpence for every Chaldron of Cask fb remeasured; and in case, upon the Remeasurement of aar fad Coals which shall be so remeasured as to ascertain the Cootentsdf each particular Sack thereof, it shall appear to the Meter so re. measuring the same, that any Sack or Sacks of such Coaii fhAnot contain Three Bushels, then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall for every Sad of Coals that shall be so found deficient on such Rcmeafarawt forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in dr, upon the Remeasurement of any such Coals as aforesaid, which Hall be remeasured in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the same {ball have been sent taken together, it shall appear to such Meter as afmrfad that the Coals thus remeasured do not amount to the Qtanbry far which they were fold, then if such last mentioned Cods hS be been sold as and for Wharf Measure, the Vender or Vndm of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay for ewy Bushel of Coals found deficient any Sum not exceeding lings, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coala so found or wanting in Measure to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Coals shall be so remeasured, and the Labouring Mete under whose Inspection the Coals were first measured shall for every Bushel so deficient forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Titbit 1 Shillings; and the Coal Porters who shall have first meafum) fuel Coals for the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers thereof, M for every Bushel of Coals so wanting forfeit and pay any Sob Ml exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence; but if any such Coals so remeasured in the manner last mentioned, and so found to amount to less than the Quantity for which the same were fold, shall hate bees sold as and for Pool Measure, then the Vender or Venders of, Dcikr, or Dealers in such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Five ChaMrot and One Vat so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Based of Coals so found deficient in every such Five Chaldron and One V* any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case such Defkbcy shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldron and OneVxfc retaeasured, then and in such case such Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every to Bushel so deficient in every such Five Chaldron and One Vat aj Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided nevertheless, thit so such Coals so fold and sent shall be remeasured so as to afttrtsa the whole Quantity of such Coals taken together, after more tk One Sack of such Coals shall have been (hot or debvered foi such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage into or upon the Ma of such Purchaser or Purchasers, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

' XBVIW

56° GEO. III.

C lxxiir.

789

A&A816.

every Year be deposited in some convenient Place at the Custom on i ft September House in the Port of London, which the Commissioners of the Cuf« in every Year* toms, or any Four or more of them, are hereby required to appoint to be the Omce of the Customs Annuity and benevolent Fund, for the Perusal of each and every Subscriber who may demand the same at any convenient or appointed Hour, for the Space of One Calendar Month from the said First Day of September

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall, Diwftont© and they are hereby declared to have the full, entire and exclusive foil M«n-Controul and Management of and over the said Fund, and every ^Sd^nd tu thing relating thereto, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, under alter and make and Tubjed to such Provisions, Directions, Regulations and Restric- new Rule*, &c. lions, as may have been made in that behalf; and it shall be lawful upon certain for such Directors, if they shall at any time after any such Rules, ConAt, 00fc Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription shall have been

made think it necessary, from time to time to alter any such Rules,

Regulations and Tables of Rates-of Subscription, and to make any new and additional Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription which may appear to be efiential or expedient for the better Regulation, Management and Controui of the said Fund:

Provided always, that no such Alterations of any Rule, Regulation Proviib. or Table of Rates of Subscription already established, or new Rule,

Regulation or Table of Rates of Subscription shall be valid or effectual or enforced, until the same shall have been approved by such Subscribers to the said Fuad as may be qualified for that Purpose, and in the manner set forth in the Rules and Regulations in force at the time, and by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Four or more of them, and ratified and confirmed by such Judge or Baron as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Act to be a and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice Public Act of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE A,

T A* B. do hereby certify to you, That I accede to the Quarterly X Contribution of Poundage authorized by an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of "the Reign of His present Majesty, in aid of the general Purposes of the " Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund."

A. B.

Dated.18

SCHEDULE B.

T A. B. do hereby certify to you, That I decline acceding to the x Quarterly Contribution of Poundage authorized by an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in aid of the general Purposes of the< Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund." B*

Dated 18 -

G*p.

3 E 3

Or Labouring Meter refuting te rtnaeafure.

Penalty.

Pordufer ob-ftruding Reroea-furtment.

Penalty.

Carmen to be paid fur being kept.

Rate of Payment.

Regulations ante Coals sold by Weight

lafpe&ion of Coals.

Fee to Principal Meter for in--td»on of Is.

CtnviiL

56* GEO* Hi.

aj), m

Notice aft aforesaid, shall negfefe ot cefofe, within tif&tti Four Hour* after the receipt of such Notice, to feod tLfeuw Meter or Meters to the House, Lodging or other FnibifU Purchaser or Pardnitn accordingly, or if any I*boang Ld Cool Meter or Meter* fhiU refoie or negfeft to kaaSm fa Coala, then and in every such case the Principal or Subordn* Land Coal Meter, or Labouring Land Cool meter or then, b offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit: and pay any ha at exceeding Site Pound*; and if ant such Paeclmfe orFknUe^ or any other Person or Persona, shall pretest, obfatd aiftenp, or attempt to prevent any such Remeafnrement bring preceded* and made by such Labouring Coal Meter or Metera, lent by the hi Principal or Subordinate Land Coal Meter, in ca&uuaaidm such Notice, then and in every such case such Partner or Par-chafer*, or other Person or Person* so offending, fall ferneryfbdi Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tei Fomk

XXXIX. Provided always, and- be it further Tkt via madia* often aft any Cart, Waggon or other Cmriage shall he topped or detained for the Purpose or under Pretence of reneifaing fe Coal*, or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of eiery fad Cat Waggon or other Carriage, shall'be eatitfed to thoSnof Ibn {Mailings per Hour, for every Hour the Cart (Ml befedetmri, fed! fa in Proportion for any Era&ion of an Hoar, oKrrifa the ufoal Cartage of such Coals, which Three Shfegi ktBmr shall be paid by the Vender of or Dealer in the WCofeafe the same or any Part thereof shall upon the RemeakRanttbmri be found deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of fodbCfe, in case the same shall not he resaeaiured, or fall upas ifa measurement he found to amount to the Quantity fer rife to Coala were fold.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Coals which JUlbtUd by Weight, at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place mthii tk Limit* of this Act, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggo* or cfa Carriage to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall be sold tr weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weiribtooaihu of One hundred and twelve Pound* Avoirdupoise, and Tweity fa Hundred Weight shall be deemed and taken to be One Too; nd all such Coal* so to be sold shall be weighed sod loaded ft fa Wharf or Warehouse, or other Place of Safe, in thePrefewrofOft of the Labouring Land Coal Meter* to be appointed purfgpttoM Act, and such Labouring Land Coal Meter it hereby aifaiw and required to superintend and inspedi the weighing and feafegri all such Coak so told by Weight, in order that Inch Mew m fee and he fetiafied that in every such Loading th» M ^cvI*Goal* is actually given, which shall he exprefirainfaVirDOT* Dealer's Ticket, and fitch Meter may refute to coM!e7?J? Vender's or Dealer's Ticket of any such Coals, in case Ml not fee that the full and proper Weight shall he ing to the Quantity which shall he expended in ffa Dealer's Ticket, but such Mdter shall, and he i* hereby

eouoterfign the same, in case the proper Weight (bill be fag to such Quantity of Coals' expressed in such Vender^ r?wfeati; and for such Inspefeaoo of such Coafe fe foM2* be paid by.tba, Vqider 1tr Y&dtr % JPfetf#

56° GEO. III.

<7. lxiii

781

refled with all the Functions, Powers and Authorities by the said cited Act given to the said Commissioners therein mentioned, and all be subject to all the Restrictions, Clauses, Provisoes and nadlments in the same Act contained in relation to the said Comissioners.

XXIV. And be it further enadfeed, That the said recited Acts of e Forty ninth and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty, and 1 and every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, rrovisions, egulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things hatsoever therein contained, so far as the same were in force at ie time of passing this Act, and also so far as the same are not : p ref sly altered or repealed by this Act, shall extend and be con-rued to extend and operate, and be in full Force and Effect, with spefl to all matters and things to be done, or which may arise in ie Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same and rery of them were repeated and reenacted in this Act, and were ade Part thereof; and the same recited Acts and this Act shall, as > all matters and things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be construed i One Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of obtaining nd passing of this Act shall be paid by the said Company out of ie first Monies arising or to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts r of this Act, or any of them, or now in the Hands of the said !ompany.

XXVI. And be il further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed nd taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice f as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially (leaded.

49 3» c.191.

53 G. 3.e. 184. and chit Ad to be construed at one Ad.

For defraying Expence* of Ad.

Public Act

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Parish and County. 35 8 DESCRIPTION of PROPERTY.

1. Shed

3? .. 3. Yard, Ac.

3* Sewer -

PQ at So! 4* Lately a Shed* now

<5 P pulled down, lately

MelTrs. Phelps and

>0 ei Co.

§ S' Yard extending'}

So northward to Nar->

row Wall - -j

5-s 6. Shed - Ditto

<.s 7- Small Dwelling House

& 8. Public House and Yard, White Swan -

OWNERS.

OCCUPIERS.

Strand Bridge Company - - Ditto

{Strand Bridge Company.

- - Ditto.

Archbishop of Can-" terbury; Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Esquire, Leaseholders -

Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Esquire.

- - - - Ditto

- - Ditto.

- - - Ditto -- - - - Ditto -T Archbishop of CanO < terbury; Whitbread > (.and Co. Leaseholders J

Thomas Vince..James Bone.

George Pitman.

C. lxxviiL

S5° GEO.IIL

LMs.

The (taring of of different Sorts of Coals in a Warehouse not to be prevented, provided such Sorts be kept in different Parcels.

Such Coals not to be sold otherwise than h v Wharf Measure. end with the Names of each Son expire (Ted in the Ticket.

Penalty.

Provisions re-(peding Coal Sheds or Warehouses where Coals are fold in Quantities not exceeding One Half Chaldron.

Proviso for Coals to be sold by the Name of " Mixed Coals.*

Act not to prevent Sale of Coals already

Such Coals to he described as Warehouse CoaU.

Fines and Penalties not exceeding Twenty Pounds to be recovered before

XLIII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That vrtw herein contained shall extend, or be taken orconftruedtoeitr<ic at to hinder or prevent any such Vender or Venders of, or Deakroi Dealers in Coals within the Limit! of this Act, from layn? cr storing up for Sale in any Warehouse or Repofitorj, orotbcrc» venient Place, any Quantities whatsoever of Coals of amurSorti, Names or Descriptions as he, (he or they shall respectn'JH'ssi fit, provided such different Sorts, Names or Deforiptiosi i Guii be respodtively laid and kept in such Warehouse or other Repertory in separate and di&intt Pareels, and wholly unmised; s&dpnr^ no such Coals be sold by any other than Wharf Measure, or tsW the true Name or Names of every or any of such Sorts of fodiCsb as shall be sold and sent from any such Warehouse or other Repofitorr being expressed in the Vender's Ticket to be sent themnthtoxT Purchaser or Purchasers, and if any such Vender or Venders, c Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be (old byasy ocher than by Wharf Measure any Coala out of any such Wadwde or other Repository in which Two or more different Sorts of Cotkuj be ffored or deposited, or shall not insert or canfe to be inserted is the Vender's or Dealer9! Ticket to be sent with such Coals the true Name or Names of each and every Sort of such Cosh as lull be sent from or out of any such Warehouse, Repository or other Suce, to any Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every fnefi ale ftej such Vender or Dealer so offending, shall, for every such Osext, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty P«ak XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, TVtwding herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, ton to hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dolma Coals, within the Limits of this A A, who shall keep any Shed, Shop or Warehouse, where Coals shall be sold in Quantities not grater than One Half Chaldron, and where no Coals shall ever be foldh any Quantities exceeding One Half Chaldron, from mixing or bopeg up together, or causing to be mixed or heaped up together m loch Shed, Shop or Warehouse, any Quantity or Quantities ibufotw, of any and as many different Sorts, Names or Defcripboos of Cads, as he, (he or they shall respectively think fit, or from (dlog or causing to be sold, such Coals when so mixed: Provided oevertbekk, that such Coals, when so mixed, shall be sold as, for and by theKusr of " Mixed Coals, 99 and shall not be sold in any Quantities excee&g Half a Chaldron, nor shall be sold at any other Place than ai tk Shop, Shed or Warehouse, where the same shall have been femed XLV. Provided also, and be it further eoacted, That wttaf herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of or Detlrr or Data in Coals within the Limits of this Act, from felling or cn % t#b fold any Mixed Coals whatsoever, which shall have been mini* any time before the passing of this Act: Provided nevertheWi, tit such Coals shall be sold as and for, and shall be defaibedith Vender's or Dealer's Ticket to be sent therewithal and for adty the Name of " Warehouse Coals."

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Pemba* Forfeitures by this Act imposed, f the manner of levying indite vexing whereof is not otherwise hereby directed, ) not exceed Twenty Pounds, shall be sued for within One Cakmdar Month

ifwr

A.D. 181&

56° GEO. in.

C. lxifi.

Buildings and Premises required to be taken and used for thi Puf-poses of the same Ad; and upon Payment or Tender of the Amount of such Compensation for such Buildings, and the said Damage, the same, and every Part thereof, together with so much of the Site thereof as shall be necessary and iufficient for making and constructing such New Road, shall be and become vested in and be the Property of the said Company.

VIII. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, after reciting, that in the making and construtikg of the Road, leading from the South Foot of the said intended'Bridge, a small triangular Slip or Piece of Ground would intervene between the said' Bridge Road and the Estate of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wale* as Duke of Cornwall\ called Prince9! Meadows; and that His said Royal Highness had consented to give up and agreed to assign to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, all the Land which should be required out of the said Estate for the making and con-ftruding the intended Road leading to Stamford Street, without receiving any Compensation or Payment for the Value of the same, in confiaeration that the said Company of Proprietors fhduld purchase the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land which would so intervene between the said first mentioned Road and the said Estate called Prince9s Meadows, and assign the same, without any Compensation or Payment for the Value thereof, unto His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs' and Successors Dukes of Cornwall; it was further enactedj that the said Company of Proprietors should and might, and they were thereby authorized and empowered to purchase the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land thereinbefore mentioned, being of the Length of Nine hundred and fizty four feet, or thereabouts, on the West Side thereof, and of the Breadth of One hundred and sixty Feet, or thereabouts, at the North End thereof; and to assign the same and every Part thereof unto His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, thenceforth to be and remain forever Part and Parcelof the Duchy of Cornwall: And Whereas since the passing of the said recited Act His Royal Highness the Prince or Wales hath entered into a Contract for the granting of One Lease or several Leases of the said Estate called Prince9s Meadows, and of the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land, for several Terms for Years in the said Contract mentioned, of the Parcels respectively: And Whereas the said Company of Proprietors, in pursuance of such Agreement, and under the several Authorities in the said recited Acts contained, have purchased of the Principal, Fellows and Scholars of Jesus College of Queen Elizabeth*s Foundation, . within the City and University of Oxford; and of John Hanburj Beaufoy and Thomas James, their several Estates and Interests of and in the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land, and other Land adjoining thereto; and they nave also, under the like Authorities, purchased of Jervoise Cleric Jervoise Esquire, a certain Wharf fronting the River Thames, and have given Notice of their Intention to purchase a Messuage or Tenement and Yard, both adjoining to the said Estate called Prince9! Meadows, and ex* tending from the said triangular Slip of Land to the River Thames /. and the said Company of Proprietors are at the Time of paffinp

C. lxxviii.

56« GEO. III.

A-t).I6ld

81*

Costs.

Appeal.

Final.

Certiorari.

Summoning

witnesses.

Kqt attending.

Penalty.

Such Pet (one may be apprehended,

and examined on Oath.

Refuting to be fwutn. Scc.

Imprisonment.

Perjury.

Penaltiet above nob how to be recovered.

such Appeal, and may either confirm or qtxafh and amend dm hid Convidnon, and award such Costs to either Party as to them the Bad Justices shall seem just and reasonable, and the Dedfion of the Cmd Justices therein shall be final, binding and conclusive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be qnaftrd or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed bj Ctrharari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Maqeftj's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and teybe lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace bekn whom any such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures shall be Toed for, to Summon before him or them any Person or Persons who shall in or hr the Complaint or Information made to him or them appear to be a xleceflary Witness as to the matters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at a time and Place to be Specified in the Surname tod in case Such Person So Summoned shall not appear according to feeh Summons, then upon due Proof of the Service of such Sammons is manner afore Said, Such Person So Summoned and not appeiring is Compliance therewith, shall forfeit and pay any Sam not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manner tad by fuqh Ways and Means as is hereinbefore directed as to othrr Penalties; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to cause such Person to be apprehended by Warrant, under the Hand tad Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, and to be brought before him or them, and thereupon, whether such Person bast meet upon Summons as aforesaid, or shall be apprehended as afott&d, Justice or Justices shall and may proceed to examine him or her opc* Oath as to the matter of such Complaint or Information; and k case such Person shall refuse to be sworn or to answer, or to give Evidence therein, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his Hand and Sol, or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person so refufixxgto be firms, or to answer or to give Evidence as aforesaid, to the Cornmos Gad or House of Correction of the County or Place in or for which fad Justice or Justices shall then ad, there to remain for any Space of tine not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

L. And be it further enacted, That if anjr Person or Pdfoat spoc his, her or their Examination upon Oath, before any Justice or Jotai df the Peace, acting in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence touching any matter or thing rehhnvto this Act, or if any Person or Persons mall take or make any Me Oath or Affidavit, with respect to any matter or thing relating to tAa Ad, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such to and Penalties as by any Law in Force and Effect, Persons gsfey of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures exceeding the Sum of Tweiity Pounds by this Act impo&d for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, (Hr ad may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bui, Plaint or Infbnutno, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJhMbr, wfcerdb no 'Effoigfl, Protection, Wager of Law or any more mtn One he-parlance shall be allowed by me Person or Persons who JhaO inform

and

AJX1I1S.

56* GEO.IIL

C.btiL

775

Wharf of the Breadth aforesaid; and also the She of that Part of the find Street or Way called die Narrow (Fall, hereinbefore described, abutting thereon at aforesaid; and also so much and such Part of the fold Messuage or Tenement and Yard as aforesaid t Provided always, that the foid several Parcels of Land so to be transferred and assigned to and retained by the said Company of Proprietors respectively, shall be freed and discharged of and from all Contra&a or Agreements entered into by His said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and the said Land so to be conveyed and assigned to His said Royal Highness in Heu thereof shall be liable to and charged with all Contracts or Agreements entered into by His said Royal Highness, to which the said Lands so to be assigned to or retained by the said Company of Proprietors are now liable.

IX. And be it further eroded, That His said Royal Highness Enabling the the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, Prince of Wales shall and may and he and they is and are hereby empowered to make

Leases and Grants, or to enter into any further Contract or Con- &c. ttken in* tnds, for granting One or more Leases of all such Parts of the said exchange, triangular Slip as (nail not be transferred and assigned to and retained by the said Company of Proprietors; as also of the said Wharf and Land so to be purchased, conveyed and assigned to His said Royal Highness as aforesaid; and His mid Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, and the King or Queen for the time being shall have the same and the like Powers and Authorities in wiped to the fotd Grotmd or Site so vested in him and them by force of this Act, as he now hath, or he or they shall or may have, tinder and by virtue of all or any of the several Acts of Parliament made and passed, one in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Hie Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to make Leaps, Copies and Grants of Officer*.

Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness* s Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for the other Pur* poles therein mentioned; another, made and passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His

Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to grant Leases of certain Lands and Premfes called Prince's Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal Highness*s Duchy of Cornwall, for toe Purtofe of building thereon; and the Other, passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, Ptsfid in the Fiftieth Year of His present Mayfly, to enable His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales So grant Leases of certain Lands and Preddjes called Prince's Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal HtghneJPs Dacbp of Cornwall, for the Purpose of building thereon.

X. And be it further eroded, That nothing in this Act or in the Lindt belonging

said recked Acts contained shall extend or be construed to extend to 10 Can-

authorise or empower the find Company to take or use any Lands ^rul£J "^lo

or Hereditaments belonging to the See of Canterbury, until the^ Competition ba. shall have made Compensation for the same in manner directed by the mtdef&c.

find recked Ada or tbk Ad, fove and except only in such manner and for such Purposes atf the said Company may lawfully take and use the fruorie, or any Part thereof, by virtue of any Lease or Leases already granted or hereafter to be granted by the said See.

9D I 1 XI* And-

Clxiii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. ISIS.

Premises Ute of Messrs. Phelps and Company may be taken.

Satiffadion to be made in graft Sums.

Incapacitated Persons empowered to convey Lands to the Gammy by Confetti

XI* And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act eaa&d,

that nothing therein contained should extend or be construed to a*

tend to enable the said Company of Proprietors to take or use or

otherwise to intermeddle with any Wharf, Road, Houses, Buildings,

Grounds or Premises in the said Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in ' the said County of Surrey, then in the Occupation of Sand Phelps, Richard Troward, and Abraham Bracebridge, trading

under the Finn of Phelps and Company, without the Content in

Writing of the said Samuel Phelps, Richard Troward and Abroha* 4 Bracebridge, first had and obtained for that Purpose: And Whereas

the said Company of Proprietors have obtained the Content in

Writing of Sir William Paxton, Knight, Sir Charles Coclmh Baronet, and Charles Greenwood* Esquire, (in whom the same Premises have become vested for all the Estate and Interect, late

of the said Samuel Phelps, Richard Troward and Abraham Breabridge therein, ) authorizing them the said Company of Proprietors

to take and ule for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this 4 Ad, so much and such Part of the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds

and Premises as are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and also

all that Piece or Parcel of Ground formerly called Heameys Wharf} Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority to take and use so much of the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds and Premises, as are mentioned in the said Schedule to this Act, and that the said Piece or Parcel of Ground formerly called HeamPs Wharf shall be subject to such and the same Powers and Provisions as the same would hare been subject to, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, in case no such Consent as aforesaid had been made requisite by the said first recited Act: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors shall not be subject or liable to take or use any greater Part of the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds and Premises, than as aforesaid*

XII* And be it further enacted, That Satisfaction for any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be used or taken for the Purposes or under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, or for any Injury or Damage that shall be done or occasioned in carrying the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, into Execution, shall be made in the manner directed by the said first recited Act, with respect to any Lands taken or used, or any Injury or Damage done in the Execution of the same Ad, except only that the Satisfaction to be made for any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buddings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall hereafter be taken or used for the Purposes or under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, shall always be made by the Payment of a Sum of Money in gross, and not otherwise; and that so much of the said recited Acts, or either of them, as directs such Compensation to be made by an Annual Rent or Annul Payment, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Company of Proprietors, that it will be more convenient and advisable to vary, alter or improve any Part of the Roads by the said recited Acts and this Act authorized to be made, ortheAccefs or Approaches to the said Bridge, or either of them, or any Roads

or

K 1816,

66° GEO. III. C. lxxxii-Jxxxiv.

817

Cap. lxxxii.

Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the 34 G* 3* eign of His present Majesty, for Paving, Lighting, Watching id otherwise improving the several Streets and other Public laces upon certain Lands near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of aint Poner at* in the County of.Middlesex.

[ift July 1816.]*

Cap. Ixxxiii.

Act for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the : ity of CariyU. (6) [ift July 1816.]

Cap. Ixxxiv.

Act for erecting Buildings for the Accommodation of the Court A Chancery.

[2d July 1816.]

I \f HEREAS under and by virtue of an Act made and paised' 53 G.3.c-4* V\ in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present lajesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justicey nd of the several Acts therein mentioned or referred to, and by irtue of divert Orders of the High Court of Chancery made for lat Purpose, in pursuance of the said several Acts, divers Sums of ioney have been from time to time taken out of the common and s eneral Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, which ly dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and placed out a the Marne of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government and Hrliameptary Securities have been carried to an Account, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security )f the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, 9 and the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom have in like manner been laid out and carried to an Account, intituled*Account of Securities pur*

; chafed with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an*

Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery : 9 And Whereas under and by virtue of the above recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Sir Thomas P/umer9 Knight, hath been duly appointed Vice Chancellor of England, and hath hitherto held his Sittings, out of Term, as such Vice Chancellor, in the Council Chamber of the Honourable Society of Lincoln9s Inn, in the County of Middlesex; but the same is not a convenient or proper Place for that Purpose, and such Ufc and Occupation thereof is very Inconvenient to the said Society; and it would be of advantage and an Accommodation to the Public if a proper and convenient Court for the said Vice Chancellor, with or without a proper Communication between the said Court and*Lincoln's Inn Hally was erected and built for holding the Sittings of the said Court, and for the Accommodation of the Suitors thereof:

' And Whereas the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn have Society of Lirv. 4 coofented and agreed to grant a Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground co!n'« Inn has at the West End of and adjoining the Council Chamber of theJ>jest

4 (rid 8ockty, for the Purpose of Building such new Court thereon,

4 on condition that the Fee Simple of such Piece of Land or Ground, ' Court and all Buildings to be erected and built thereon, fhtll be and 560xo. III. 5 G 4 remain

77*

C.lxiii.

56s GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Power to make an Archway over the New Road.

Committee may agree for Pass.tge of Personsfor Three Yeais, and issue Tickets.

Lending

Tickets.

Penalty.

Notice of Payment of Toll to be given on a Board.

Defacing Notice.

Penalty.

Toll Collectors to put up their Names.

Colledon offending

' XV. And Whereas in order to make a gradual Ascent to the

said Bridge on the South Side thereof, without destroying or in- commoding the free Passage of Persons, Horses and Carnages along

the said intended Road hereby authorized to be made from the said Road called the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall aforehid, k < will be necessary that an Arch Should be con&ru£fced or eiedrd over the said intended Road, and under the ascending Avenue

or Road to the said Bridge on the South Side thereof ; Be k therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to sad for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at their own proper Coils and Charges, to make or cause to be made an Arch or Arenway over or upon the hid intended Road, of a Width not being less than Twenty fix Feet it the Bottom or widest Space thereof, and of a Height being not Iris than Twenty four Feet above the Level of certain Lands called Prince* Meadowy in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority to contract or agree with any Person or Perform for his, her or their free Passage over the said Bridge, and along the said Roads, for asy time or times not exceeding Three Years, at any one time for such Sum as to the said Committee shall seem meet, and thereupon toiflbe One or more Ticket or Tickets to such Person or Persons, to enable him, her or them to pass Toll free over the said Bridge, and along the said Roads, for the time for which such Cootrad shall hare bees made; and if any such Person or Persons shall lend or transfer fsefa Ticket for the Use of any other Person or Persons, and whereby such other Person or Persons shall under colour of such Ticket pass over the said Bridge, or through any Turnpike or Toll Bar upon any of the said Roads Toll free, such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for the Use of the said Company.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and they are hereby directed and required to cause Notice to be given by or upon a Board, to be constantly affixed on the Front of all the Turnpikes or Toll Houses to be erected on or near the said Bridge, in large legible Characters, that the Payment of Toll at asy one T urn pike or Gate shall free and exempt the Person or Perfeoi paying the same from Payment at any other Turnpike or Gate, far or in respect of passing once over the said Bridge; and if any Person or Persons shall deface or obliterate any Part of the Notice on such Board, he. She or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Toll Cohedor appointed either by the said Company of Proprietors, or by any LeSTee or Lessees under them, to collect the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of the fold recited Acts or this Act, shall and he is hereby required to place; his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in Srgibte Characters, in the Front or on Some other confpioubus Part of the Toll Houfo or Tafl Gate, immediately after his coming on Duty, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole time he shall be upon such Duty; and if anyColkdor of the said ToUs shall not phot funk Board as

afofdaid.

56° GEO. III. C. lxxxii-Jxxxiv.

817

Cap. Ixxxii.

to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the 34 G* 3* rign of His present Majesty, for Paving, Lighting, Watching c.chxiii. d otherwise improving the several Streets and other Public aces upon certain Lands near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of tint Pancratj in the County of.Middlesex.

[xft July 1816.]'

Cap. Ixxxiii.

Act for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the ity of CarliJL. (6) [ift July 1816.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

Act for erecting Buildings for the Accommodation of the Court I Chancery.

[2d July 1816.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act made and passed 53 G.3. c. 14* f\ in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present tajesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of JuJHcef ' id of the several Acts therein mentioned or referred to, and by rtue of divert Orders of the High Court of Chancery made for tat Purpose, in pursuance of the said several Acts, divers Sums of loney have been from time to time taken out of the common and eneral Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, which y dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and placed out 1 the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government and hurliamentary Securities have been carried to an Account, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security if the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery/ and the Intereil md Dividends arising therefrom have in like manner been laid out uid carried to au Account, intituled*Account of Securities pur* dialed with Surplus Intereil arising from Securities carried to an*

Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery: And Whereas under and by virtue of the above recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Sir Thomas Plume r9 Knight, hath been duly appointed Vice Chancellor of England, and hath hitherto held his Sittings, out of Term, as such Vice Chancellor, in the Council Chamber of the Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex; but the same is not a convenient or proper Place for that Purpose, and such Ufc and Occupation thereof is very Inconvenient to the said Society; and it would be of advantage and an Accommodation to the Public if a proper and convenient Court for the said Vice Chancellor, with or without a proper Communication between the said Court and Lincoln's Inn Hall % was erected and built for holding the Sittings of the said Court, and for the Accommodation of the Suitors thereof:

And Whereas the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn have Society of Lin* confuted and agreed to grant a Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground coin'* hmhas'ai West End of and adjoining the Council Chamber of the #J?jeift

iety, for the Purpose of Building such new Court thereon,

ion that the Fee Simple of such Piece of Land or Ground,Court, buildings to be eroded and built thereon, 'shall be and 0.111. S G < remain

816

Notice.

Treble Costs.

Act not to liter or repeal 47 G. 3. Seff. a. c. Ixriii.

Commencement of Act.

Public Act.

35 G. j. 0, 136. continued.

10 G.3. c. too. 33 0.3. c. 138. 54 G. 3. c. ccs. continued.

33 a.ft.c.35.

I9G.J.C. AX. repealed.

C. lxxviii — lxtxi. 56° GEO. III. AJ).Ul(*

Audi arise; and if any such Adkra or Suit dull be brought befeq Twenty one Days9 Notice shall have been given, or after a iScet Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time \md for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall End for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Pbkis or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her or tbdr A&e or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall hate appear^ or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recomTrtble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as »y Defendant hath for Costs of Suit, in other cases by Law.

LV1. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That noting in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter or vary any Part or Parts of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Myrtj, bat that the said Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Claufa, Peukw and Forfeitures therein contained, shall be as good, valid and e&cbil, to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act (hallcommence and take place from and after the passing thereof.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deesied and taken to be a Public Act and shall be judicially taka Noriaof as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being spedaftr pleaded.

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hor/eh Upright G&, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wmt % to the Top of Kingjdown Hill, in the Parish of Box, in the said County, ft! several other Roads near or adjoining thefeto. (a)

OfthJhriM]

[Additional Trusteet.']

Cap. lxxx.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, For repairing the Highways from Spegnbamland, in the County of Berlin to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts % and other Roads therein rationed, so far as relates to the Speenhamland District of the hid Roads, (a) [a6th 1816.]

[Additional Trvftees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls pastel)

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for the more efiedual Security and Improvement of the Harbour of Now Shorthorn, in the County of Sujex.

t*ftJulj M]

Cep

56° GEO, III.

C, lxiii.

781

veiled with all the Fun ft ions, Powers and Authorities by the said cited Act given to the said Commissioners therein mentioned, and tall be subject to all the Restrictione, Clauses, Provisoes and naftments in the same Act contained in relation to the said Com-illionera.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts of 49 G.3. c. 191. le Forty ninth and Fifty third Years of His present Nfaiefty, and S3 3- 184. 1 and every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, rrovisions,

Legulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things a. hatsoever therein contained, so far as the same were in force at

te time of passing this Act, and also so far as the same are not tpressly altered or repealed by this Act, shall extend and be con-rued to extend and operate, and be in full Force and EfFeft, with rfpeft to all matters and things to be done, or which may arise in le Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same and rery of them were repeated and reenacted in this Act, and were lade Part thereof; and the same recited Acts and this Act shall, as > all matters and things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be construed s One Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of obtaining For defraying nd passing of this Act shall be paid by the said Company out of Expences of be first Monies arising or to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts

r of this Act, or any of them, or now in the Hands of the said Company.

XXVI. And be ft further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed Public Act. nd taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice

f as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially (leaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

1* ii f c ffi8 DESCRIPTION of PROPERTY.

1. Shed

X 2. Yard, Ac.

3- Sewer

Pm JSbS 4* Lately a Shed* now

CD pulled down, lately

MefTrs. Phelps and

— Uh 0 ci f Co.

J» Yard extending'l

w r \ northward to Nar->

row Wall - -J

6. Shed - Ditto

<* 7- Small Dwelling House

& 8. Public House and Yard, White Swan -

OWNERS.

OCCUPIERS.

Strand Bridge Company --- Ditto

{Strand Bridge Company. --- Ditto.

Archbishop of Canterbury; Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles*Greenwood Esquire, Leaseholders -

SirWilliam Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Esquire.

- - - Ditto -

.....Ditto.

--Ditto -

--Ditto -

f Archbishop of Can-1 < terbury; Whitbread > (.and Co. Leaseholders J

Thomas Vince., James Bone.

George Pitman.

818

C.hnuuv,

58*050.111,

AJXim

Sheriff* to im-pannel a Jury to assess the Purchase Money to he paid for the Piemiles herein mentioned.

Wimeflei to be fununoned.

4 remain for ever veiled in the Dud Society, in Trust for the Ulead Accommodation of the said Court of Chancery, and to and for bo other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever: And Whereat ffotirf Grunhill Ruffcll of Lincoln V Inn aforesaid, £fquiz^, i8 entitled to as Estate for hit own Life, with the Power of assigniag the same upon the Terms and according to the Ryles and Regplatfaas of the f*id Society, of and in a certain S?tof ChambfsMucr tk said Council Chamber of the said Society, and certain Row or Chambers over the same; and the said Society are entitled to the Reversion and Inheritance thereof, fbbje& to such Estate and!*

4 terest of the foid Robert G+eenMl Ruffcll therein^ and ft wS be proper that such Chambers and Rooms should be deifvexed up to the foid Society; and that proper Compensation should be made to the said Robert Greenbill Ruffcll for his Estate and Interest there,

4 and for the Loss and Incomrenienoe. he w3l be pot to by hog obliged immediately to remove therefrom, and to goooo of the Fofleffiou thereof to the foid Society % and it fomfoonHrlfal Ac 4 said Society should be reimbnrfed all Charges. and Expenses wrich they have or may be put to for Plans and Eflotnatee far the Bsld- ings for the foid Court, and in the needfery AJtentiaas of their fold Council Chamber, or other wise, in qwsfrqtnce thoonf: ' May it therefore pi case Your Majesty that it map be mn&ei; mi be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Mxyefty, by and fad the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempanl mi Common* in this present Parliament afferphled, and fotfa Authority of the fom* That the Sheriff of the County of Middlejcn faa&fortfc-with, and he is hereby empowered and required to impend (warn apd return not less than Twelve nor more than Twenty Sam fab J ftaotial and indifferent Persons of his. Bailiwick, qualified to Cent as Juries; and the Periods so, to be impanntfted* fomamri and at-'turned as aforesaid are hereby required to cmm nirnen befaae the foid Sheriff at his Office in Bedford Rov> % in Ufa Aurikof Smt Andrew, Holborn* in the so# County* at such turn asfhalibeJpe-cifitd in such Warrant, and to attend the foid Sheriff .or his Deputy at the.said Placeuotil dischnrged by the foid Sheriff ochas iSepaOp; and out of funh Persons so to be nnpanneUed, hmmoofa and-turned, a Jury of Twelve Mjen ftafi be drawn by tbr fold Sheriff* hh D^puity, in such manner as Juries for Trials of, Ifao josnsdtp, His Majesty/s Qoprts at AVcftmioflerum by Law to be draws; and j iu cafo a fumcient Number of Jurymen foul not appear at the me I and Place appointed act.afoftefoid# the fojd Sheriff or Jus Depmy JaD return other honest and indifferent Mefbof the Bjp Standee* or ef others who can be spaadily procured to attend that Service, bring b qualified, as aforesaid, to makft, of the, foid Jury to the Numb* of Twelve, and all Parties copcmnos, may bane thairdnvefiri Chplhnpe against any of the fold Jurymen, but foatttm* cbaUoaf* ahnAmtj; and the f«d Sheriff or hw Deputy <is he*phy enpgnwtdmd aafrioad to summon and call before him any Witoefies touching the matin a in question, and may* if be shall think ikwl ffa.OccaSon* orffmfihe thereto required, order and authorise the foid.Jvfy* oa.ay TWr more of then* to view the Pfa(^ or.Pl»6es^ nwU»rsjB^rhiugs o controvnvfy, and such Jury fosll upon.

well asxhe Oaths tp such fi|»d, 8baoffs>c> bin. IWyii I

hereby enqmwnnpd and required to adbrinttfer) raqpiiWifafa aftfrand

6^ afabetaa,

>.181*.

wono-iii

C. lixxiv.

sit

and give a V?ndi$ fo$ the 9^n or Sums , »f Money which be to' be paid to the said Robert Greenbill Ruff ell9 bia Executors, n'mi(flEMRQrs or Assigns, for the Purchase ot all his Effate add Jreft. id the said Set of Chambers, and the Rooms over the same, by Way of Compensatyou and Satisfaction for the Loss, Expence Inconvenience be shall or may be put to or sustain in being de-red of the PosseOjon thereof, together with all reasonable Coftp.Expences of and attending such Enquiry, and the said Sheriff 11 give Judgment for such Purchase and Compensation Money so ffed by such Jury; which said Verdi & and the Judgment thereon shall be ligned by the said Sheriff or his Deputy, and shall be d in the Report Office of the said High Court of Chancery with t Records of the said Court, and shall be deemed to, be, a Record the said Court to all Intents and Purposes; and the same or an fiat Copy thereof shall be held and allowed to be good Evidence all Courts whatsoever, and shall be binding and conclusive to nil ttents and Purposes upon all Person? whomsoever: Provided that tven Day 8* Notice in Writing at Wail, of the Hour and Place at hich such Jury are so required to be returned, be given to the said jsbert Grtenbill Rvffell, his Executors, Administratars or Assignfc act to the salt} Honourable Society of Lincoln's fnn9 before t£e me of the Meeting of the said Sheriff and Jury, by leaving such loUoe at the Chambers of the said Robert Greenbill Ruff'll in Ancoln's Inn aforesaid, and at the Steward's Office of the find So-iety in the said Inn.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Personp hall in any Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this Act wilfully and corruptly give fajfe Evidence, or otherwise forfwegr bimfeit or themselves before such Sheriff and Jury, in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons shaft and may be orofjecut^d for the same, add upon Conviction thereof shall be subject and liaJtpdr to such and the same Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of and corrupt Perjury are, by the .Laws in being, subjeS and liable Lto.

III. And be it further effaced, That out of the Iqteraft and piyi-dsuds of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to thp said Account, intituled«Account of Monies placed out for the Berftf* arid better Security of the Suitors of the High Cour( of Chadcery/ and put of the Intereff and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, intituled ( Account of Securities pgrehafed with Surplus Intereff arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed put for the Benefit and better Security of the SuitOxt of the High Court of Chancery, ' there shall be psid, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery (but subject and without Prejudice to tb? Payment of all Salaries and all other Payments and Sums of Money, by any former Act directed or authorized to be paid .thereout, or to be hereafter ordered to be paid under the Authority of any former A&j to the said Robert Greenbill Rvffcll> his Executors, Administratprs or Assigns, the Sum so afieffed and awarded by the said Sheriff apd Jury, upon hit making a good Title to and executing a proper Conveyance of all his Effate, Right, Title and Intereff of and in the said Set of Chambers, with the Rooms Or Chambers over the &me, free born Incumbrances, to the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn9 tsd deHvtring up the Poffhffion thereof to the said Society, as directed

3 G 2 by

Perjury.

Court of Chan, eery may order Sums not exceeding 9, 000]. to be p#i4 of the Interest.^f, Monies belonging to the Suitors of the Court for creeling and fitting up convenient Courts of Justire in Lincoln's Inn.

C. lxxviii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Xiibounng Coal Meters to at tend their Stations.

Notice

Not attending, &c.

Penaky.

Coal Meters not to be interested in Sale of Coals.

Penalty.

PunUhment.

Land Coal Meters may demand from Ven-

sped and measure, or fee measured or loaded* all such Coals betweec

Buyer and Seller, and execute such other Duties as are by Lav

' required to be done by a Labouring Land Coal Meter, without Favour or Hatred., So help me GOD.'

X. And be it further enacted, That the said several Labouring Land Coal Meters, shall and they are hereby required to attend«the several Wharfs, Warehouses and other Places, at which he or they shall be Rationed from time to time by the said Principal Land Coal Meter, each and every Day (Sundays, Good Friday, Ckrii* mas Day and Fall or Thanksgiving Days by Proclamation only excepted) in each and every Year from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, from the Hour cf Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening; ar.d from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of March, from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour of Six in the Evening 5 and if upon Notice being given to any fed Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters so Uationed, or Notice being left in Writing at his or their Office or Offices, or Place cr Places of Abode, to attend at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place to be named in such Notice, within the Limits of his or their Statics or Stations for the time being, in order to measure or fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required by this Act to be done by any Land Coal Meter at any such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, or if Notice requiring the Attendance of a Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Warehouse or other Place to be named in such Notice^ for the Purpose of measuring or to fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required of Labouring Land Coal Meters by this Act, shall be given at the Office of the said Principal Land Coal Meter, or at the said fubor-dinate Office; and if such Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters shall not attend pursuant to any such Notice within the Space of tour Hours from the giving of the same, and do his or their Duty according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and is every such case every such Labouring Land Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Principal Land Coal Meter, or any of the Persons to be employed under him, shall at any time or times hereafter, during his or their respective Continuance in Office or Employment as aforesaid, he directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of any Coals whatsoever, otherwise than in the Discharge of his or their said respective Offices, such Principal Land Coal Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, and such Deputy Coal Meter, and Labouring Coil Meter respectively, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and being thereof respectively convicted before the said Court of General or Quarter Seffioos, shall be dismissed from his or their'said respective Office or Employment, and be for ever di&bled from holding or executing the lame or any other under this Act*

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoever fold and to be feat or taken away in any Waggon, Cart or other Car.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III* C. bfcxviii.

ring«, from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, and also all Coals whatsoever fold and to be Tent by Gang Labour, from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Coal Meter shall be stationed, situate within such Limits as aforesaid, shall, previously to such Coals being so sent or taken away, be carefully inspected and examined by the Principal or One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters, in order that such Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meter may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such Coals being sent or taken away in any Cart, Waggon or other Carringe) are of the Sort or Description mentioned in the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of such Coals to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such Coals being to be delivered by Gang Labour) are of the Sort or Description as and for which the same shall be sold; and such Meter is hereby authorized and required to demand of the Vender or Venders, or of the Wharfinger, or other Person with whom the Ship Certificate of any of such Coals shall be left at any Wharf or Place for the Sale of any such Coals, such Ship Certificate, for the Purpose df perusing and inspeding the same, and such Meter shall and he is hereby required to countersign such Ticket or Tickets, if such Meter shall be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort they are described to be in such Ticket or Tickets, but shall not countersign the same without being fofiitisfied, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby also authorized and required, when the whole Quantity of Coals contained in any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, to write or indorse on the Back of the Certificate of such Coals, the Word Delivered and if any such Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Person shall refuse or negle£l to produce and deliver to any such Meter such Ship Certificate on Demand, then, and in every such case, every such Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if any such Meter shall coun-terlign any such Ticket or Tickets, without having first inspected such Coals, and also such Ship Certificate, and witfiout. having reasonable Ground to be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort described in such Vender or Venders* Ticket, or if any such Meter shall not immediately after the whole of the Coals contained in any such Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, demand or call for such Certificate of. such Coals, or shall not immediately on such Certificate being produced indorse the same in manner aforesaid, then, and in every such case, every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Sack shall be made use of in the Delivery of Coals from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, within the Limits aforesaid, except such Sack shall be made of Linen, and shall have been firil sealed and marked with White Paint in Oil at Guildhall, London* or at the Exchequer Office, West-'minster, by* thd proper Officer there, and shall at the time of making Use of such Sack measure in the Ittfide thereof at lead Four Feet*and

*795

der or Wharfinger a Sight of the Ship*i Certificate.

Meter may demand of Vender the Ship Certificate.

Vender refusing.

Penalty. Meter unduly counterfigpihg,

Penalty.

Dimensions of the Sacks.

796

C.Ixxviii.

A.D. 1811

Vender, kc. using Sacks of improper Di* tnenfionx.

Penalty, Sec.

Coals delivered by Gang Labour need not be put into such Sacks.

What Bulbel Measure to be made use of. ia Ann. Scat. a. c.i; . $ ii, ia.

Dealers, Itc. using ether Butiel.

Penalty. Servants, Btc. of Dealer using other Buftiel.

56° GEO. III.

t

and Two Inches in Length by Two Feet and One Inch in Bmdffi and no Sack shall be sealed or marked which shall not, at the til of the marking or sealing thereof, measure in the Iniide thereof Fa Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two led in Breadth; and if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Ddi in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, shall use or cause to be ufeda Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coals within the fermll respective Limits aforesaid, not sealed or marked as aforesaid, on lefa Length at the time of using the same than Four Feet and Tu Inches at the lea/l in the Inside thereof, or of less Breadth thm Ts Feet and One Inch at the lead in the Iniide thereof, then and i every such case every such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals shall, for every such Sad so unmarked or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit and pq any Sum not exceeding Forty Shimngs; and the Juftke or Jaffa before whom such Conviction shall take place, shall cause every fad Sack found unmarked, or deficient either in Length or Breadth, ta be destroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be delivered b Gang Labour may be conveyed without the Use of such Sadi; cy thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Bushel dull be kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurement of any Coals fdl within the Limits aforesaid, which shall not be such Bushel as is dr-feribed in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An AO for the Jptdj nJ effectual preferring of the Navigation of the River of Thames, h Jt°PPtng the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, ii & County of Essex, and for ascertAning the Coal Measure, and wbkJ shall not have been first lumped or marked by the proper Office at the Exchequer Office at lVeflminflert or at the Guildhall, M previously to the same being io kept or used; and that every fad Bu/hel, previously to being so /lamped or marked, shall be fated for Work and Use with iron or Copper Hoops, and shall be b /lamped or marked with a Steel Instrument on the uppermost Inn or Copper Hoop; and that every such Bushel shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of fad Bushel all Coals /ball be duly heaped up in such Bushel in the Fora of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Bushel to be the Extremity of die Base«such Cone; and that each and every Chaldron of Coals shall corii of Thirty fix of such Bushels so heaped, and so in proportion fix any lesser Quantity j and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, /kali keep or oak use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Bushel in the A/* measurement of any Coals other than such Bushel as aforesaid, ri so ilampt as aforesaid, or shall in any wise decrease or dinunish any such Bushel ilampt as aforesaid, or mall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals fb offending, shall forfeit and pay, for every fwk Offence, any Sum sot exceeding Twenty Poundsj and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or unfa the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Vender* shall make use of, in adxneafuring of any Coals, any BoJhel other

4a

A.D. 1810.

56° GEO. III. C.lxxviin

797

than such Bushel as aforesaid, stampt as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall in any manner decrease or diminish any such Bushel flampt as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons raspectively, for every such Offence, shall Imprisotoment,be committed to the House of Correction by any One or more fcc*

Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, there to be kept to hard Labour, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold, sent, taken or Regulation with carried away as and for Pool or River Measure, from any Ship, regard to Coala Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, and to be sent in any Cart, by Pooi

Waggon or other Carriage, from any Wharf or Place within the Measure* Limits of this Act, shall be loaded in Sacks, in the Presence of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters of the Diitrid, which Labouring Land Coal Meter is hereby authorized and required to watch and insped the filling or loading of the Sacks wherein such Coals shall be loacted, and it shall be lawful for such Meter to measure the Dimensions of all or any of such Sacks used in any such Loading before such Sacks shall be filled or loaded; and such Meter shall. When Room of and he is hereby authorized and required, when any Room or Rooms Coals foW> Mt-of Coals in any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or Craft, are or is to Jy

be sold and sent or taken away from any fuen Wharf or other Place taken out.*as and for Pool Measure by any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, to fee that the Coals so loaded and sent or taken away are in fad taken out of the particular Room or Rooms so fold, and likewise that the whole of the Coals contained in any such particular Room or Room so fold are in fad entirely emptied out of such Room or Rooms, and loaded and sent or taken away to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Cods contained in such Room or Rooms; and in case such Meter shall find any Sack or Sacks used for the loading of any such Coals is or are of less Dimensions than required by this Act, or in case it shall appear to such Meter, according to the bell of his Judgment, that any Sack or Sacks used in loading any such Coals do not contain when loaded each the Quantity of Three Bushels of Coals, or in case such Meter shall observe that any such Coals sold as the Coals of any particular Room or Rooms, (nail not in fad be taken out of such particular Room or Rooms so fold or to be sold, or that the whole of the Coals contained in such particular Room or Rooms shall rfot be entirely emptied out of the same, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Meter to retufe to countersign the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every Vender or Venders of.

Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof j and if any Wharfinger, Coal Porter or other Person or Persons, shall in any manner obstruct, hinder or prevent such Meter in or from the Performance of any such Duty or Duties so reouired by this Act, then and in every such case every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence* forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold, sent or taken away as and for Pool Measure from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within

the

Fiading Sacks c>f undue Dimensions

or Coals not duly taken out of Rooms, Ice. Meter may refuse countersign-ing Ticket.

Wharfinger, &e. obstructing, Ac. Meter*

Penalty.

Poo] Measure Cdals when sent by Waggon.

Clkxvui*

56c GEO- 11L

A.D. 1811

the Limits of this Act, and to be delivered to the ftirchafer or Pur. chafers thereof, in my Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and lx, {he and they is and are hereby required to deliver, or cade to be delivered, a Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, c has, her or their Servant or Servants, before i.ny Part of the Col* contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage shall be (hot c delivered therefrom; and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in tie Words and Form following s

Form of Vender's Ticket to be (tut there* witJt.

Vender, See. not delivering Tic* ket counter, signed by Meter to Purchaser,

See.

4 MR* insert the Name of the Purchaser] Tab

tice, that you are to receive herewith [Here mfert the Nnk]

4 Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coats [Here insert the As*

ber] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals [Here infer, in Number] Sacks of Coals, [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, fc inspecting the Loading and Quality of which Coals you are, r.

4 the Receipt of this Ticket, in Conformity to an Act of Parliaoect

made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King Georg tb

Third, [ Here Jetforth the Title of this Attl^ to pay the underiigKC f £ F.

[Here insert the Name of the Vender] the Sum of [Hot*

4 fert the Amount of the Compensation direScd by this All to k jb to such Principal Meter for the Inspection of such Coals, calakn.

4 the fume as by this A3 arrested] being at and after the Rate of Ok

Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat sold to and to be re*

4 ceived by you herewith \ and by the same A ft this Ticket i>

4 .directed to be delivered to you before any of the Coals are Ik

out of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, and that a Butbel Measure is in such Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, by whkl the Carman is directed to Mealure gratis, under the Penalty oi Ten Pounds, the Coals contained in any One Sack, which ik Purchaser or his Servant or Servants may require, which Sack ista contain Three Buftiels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, tie Height of such Cone to be at lead Six Inches, and the Outlik f of the Measure to be the Extremity of the Base of such Co,

4 and that, in case of your being dissatisfied with the Coals now fee:

4 you are entitled by the same Act to have the same reraeafuredby

the Bushel Measure, provided you immediately, and before wy more of the Coals than One Sack shall be (hot or delivered free the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the same are brought.

4 fend Notice in Writing of your Delire to have the same renw*

4 fared to either of the Land Coal Meters* Offices appointed by virtue of the said Act, also to the Vender or Venders of such Coal:

4 C. D.

[Here insert the Name of the Vender]. A. F* [Here itjfi the Nam of the Meter and the Office, and Place the Office is ftuetdy Dated [Here insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Its when such Ticket was fgned]

And in case such Vender or Vendors of or Dealer or Defckri a Coals, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket ai start-laid, and so countersigned by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchafr or Purchaser* of such Coals, or to Ins, her or their Servant or Sc* vants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered froa such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any such Coat a aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit tnd pay aj Sum not exceeding Teg Pounds*and in case the Caraa^ Drim»

P vanity.

56° GEO.IIL

C.tocviK

799

>ther Person attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden Ctrman, fcc.noc with any such Coals as aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have ^2tct to Pur-been given, by or by the Directions of the Vender or Venders, chtfer.

Dealer or Dealers, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall,

( having first received the same from the VendeF or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or any Person by the Order of the Vender or Venders,

Dealer or Dealers) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or de-delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver or other Person aforesaid so offending mall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders What Sum of of or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, Money to b« and sent in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, from any Wharf,

Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Act, or any Coal# sold by Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, and delivered by Gang Labour Pool Measure. from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Coal Meter

shall be stationed, situate within such Limits; or the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, from or over which any such Coals shall be so sent or taken away shall, and such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or Occupier or Occupiers, is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal Meter for the Execution of this Act, at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat so bought and sent to Fec to Principal the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, as and for a Compensation for Meter* the Trouble of inspecting or superintending the loading and fending away such Coals, and such Money shall be repaid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals to the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers thereof.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Enabling Pur-

herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to hinder or chafers cf Coals prevent any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Coals, sold as and for Fo°l

Pool Meaiure, from fending such Coals to the Premises of such Colhde- Purchaser or Purchasers, or to any Landing Place which such Pur- iiTCred without chafer or Purchasers shall appoint, (provided such Landing Place or the Intervention Premises be not a Coal Wharf, or Place where any Meter shall by of a Meter, virtue of this Act be stationed, ) or from having such Coals unloaded

and delivered at such Premises or Landing Place, either by Gang Labour or in any other manner, except in or by Means of any Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, without the Pretence, Intervention or

Inspection of any Land Coal Meter, and without being subject or

liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever

to any Land Coal Meter for or in respect of such Coals; but in case Fee for Atteud-

such Landing Place shall be within the Limits of this Act, and such nice of Meter.

Purchaser or Purchasers shall require the Care or Attendance of a

Land Coal Meter, then he, (he or they shall have and be entitled to

such Attendance, upon fending Notice of such his, her or their

Desire to the said Principal Land Coal Meter's Office or to the

laid subordinate Office, and in such case such Purchaser or Pur-

hafers shall pay and be charged for the Attendance of such Land

Coal Meter, at and after the aforesaid Rate of One Shilling for

every Five Chaldron and One Vat of such Coals.

XIX. And

C. IxxviiL

56* GEO. m.

A.D.HU

Or Labouring Meter refuting t# remeasure.

Penally.

Pordufer ob-ftruding Reroea-furemem.

Peaalty.

Carmen to be paid for being

Rate of Payment*

Regulations ante Coals sold by Weight

fafpeAion of Coals.

Fee to Principal Meter for In-spetiion of

Notice tt afoiefirid, shall negk& o* refofe, within the fya ( Four Hofuv after the receipt of such Notice, to fend tLfou Meter, or Meter* to the House, Lodging or other Pmsfeief fk Purchaser or Purehafera accordingly, or if any Laboun^ La Coal Meter or Meter* ftiaH refuTe or neglect to manta k Coals, then and in every such case the Piinbpal or Sohonta Land Coal Meter* or Labouring Land Coal Meter or Ifo* { offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit sad pay ay Sex os exceeding Fife Pounds; and if any such Purchaser or h&fat or any other Person or Persons, shall prevent, obftrad arjssn^ or attempt to present any such Remeasurement being procerded t and made by such Labouring Coal Meter or Mettn, fentbytkh Principal or Subordinate Land Coal Meter, in corieqaaorof jq such Notice, then and in every such case such Purchfa or Pa chafers, or other Person or Persons so offending, fbaB farm fad Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tea Ponds

XXXIX* Provided always, and: be it further cnafiatTkibn aadias often as any Cart, Waggon or other: Canute foil he stopped or detained for the Purpose or under Pretence of ftatifaigtk Coals, or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of. every fhch Cart Waggon or other Carriage, shall be entitled to thoSnmof fln* Shilling* per Hour, for every Hour the Cast flail behdeturi, iad fa in Proportion for any Fra&ion of an Hour, ©itradita the ufoal Cartage of such Coala, which Three ShiUjap/erHar feall be paid by the Vender of or Dealer in the M rim same or auy Part thereof shall upon the RemetfemeudBri be found deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of taCfe in case the same shall not be remealored, or shall upon fad b meafnrement be found to amount to the Quantity for which fed Coals were fold.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Coals which UlbeWJ by Weight, at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place rife tk Limits of this Act, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggoa or ofe Carriage to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, fell be W«weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Wridtecoito of One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupoise, and Twnti» Hundred Weight shall be deemed and taken to be One Ton;all such Coals so to be sold shall be weighed and loaded it & Wharf or Warehouse, or other Place of Safe, in the Presence of Or of the Labouring Land Coal Meters to be appointed porfuuttod* A&f and such Labouring Land Coal Meter ia hereby user and required to superintend and insped the weighing wd lo*W* all such Coals so Sold by Weight, in order tint such fee and be satisfied that in every such Loading the full i Coala ia actually given, which shall be eaprefied in the Vem* Dealers Ticket* and such Meter may refuse to ouwterfin* Vender1* or Dealer's Ticket of any such Coals, in case (wW AnM not fee that the full and proper Weight shall be gi^ ing to the Quantity which shall be eapreffed in such Veadfrt Dealer1* Ticket, but such Meter shall, and he iatafbf uounterfign the same, in case the proper Weight shall be gi*fl*? fog so such Quantity of Coals expressed in such Veodrr't#

' TpdMt and for flick.Inspectfeo of such Conk so W-W

Suit Wpid

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C. Ixxviii,

801

side of the Measure being the Extremity of the Base thereof.

C, U.

[litre insert the Name of the Vender] E F.

[Here insert

the Name of the Labouring Meter in case of the Coals being sent

from within the DistriS of the fdid Office^ Dated [Here insert

the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such Ticket«wasfgned.y

And in case any such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coah. shall be ihot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been given by, or by the Direction of the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or any Person by the Vender's or Dealer's Orders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be ihot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver or other Person aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof by the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, within the Limits aforesaid, shall and he is hereby directed to measure gratis, if he shall be required so to do, the Coals contained in any One of the Sacks contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, which may be chosen by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Cods, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting on the behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, with such Buihel Measure as aforesaid, in order that such Purchaser or Purchasers may be better enabled to judge of the Neceility of having the whole of such Coals remeasured in manner directed by this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers by the Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the Limits aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to measure by thie said Buihel Measure such Sack of Coals in manner herein directed, when thereunto required by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or by his, her or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers, to be measured, or if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or suffer the said Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be driven a^ray without measuring, in manner

56 Gto* ill. S F herein

Vender not delivering Ticket,

Penalty.

Carman not delivering Ticket to Purchaser.

Penalty.

Carman required to measure One Sack, gratis, in each Cart.

Carman driving Coals away without measuring the Sack.

ClxxviiL

55° GEO. III.

A.D.M

The (taring up of different Sorts of Coals in a Warehouse not to be prevented, provided Inch Sorts be kept in different Parcels.

Such Coals not to be sold otherwise than by Wharf Measure, and with the Names of each Sort ezprefled in the Ticket.

Pt&aky. Provisions respecting Coal Sheds or Ware-houses where Coals are fold in Quantities not eiceeding One Half Chaldron.

Proviso for Coals to be sold by the Name of " Mixed Coals."

Act not to prevent Sale of Coala already

Such Coals to be described as Warehouse Coals.

Fines and Penalties not exceeding Twenty Pounds to be recovered before

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That soda* herein contained shall extend, or be taken or construed to extend, £ as to hinder or prevent any such Vender or Venders of, or Dolercr Dealers in Coals within the Limits of this Act, from laying or storing up for Sale in any Warehouse or Repository, or other c«-venient Place, any Quantities whatsoever of Coals of as maojSom, Names or Descriptions as he, (he or they shall respedmlr think fit, provided such different Sorts, Names or Descriptiooi of Gals be respectively laid and kept in such Warehouse or other Rfpofaory in separate and distinct Pareels, and wholly unmixed; andpronded no such Coals be sold by any other than Wharf Messure, or vita the true Name or Names of every or any of such Sorts of fochCois as shall be sold and Cent from any such Warehouse or other Repertory being expressed in the Vender's Ticket to be sent theirwitli to aay Purchaser or Purchasers, and if any such Vender or Yoders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be (old byasy other than by Wharf Measure any Coals out of any such Wrcbodcor other Repository in which Two or more different Sorts of Coskttj be stored or deposited, or shall not insert or cause to be inserted is the Vender's or Dealer's Ticket to be sent with such Coals the true Name or Names of each and every Sort of such Coils as IW be sent from or out of any such Warehouse, Repository or other Pbce, to any Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every such ait trtn such Vender or Dealer so offending, shall, for every Arch Oisce, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pouk XLIV. Provided always, and be it further exuded, Ttaftctbisg herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dnkn is Coals, within the Limits of this Act, who shall keep any Shed, Shop or Warehouse, where Coals shall be sold in Quantities not grrater than One Half Chaldron, and where no Coals shall ever be Udh any Quantities exceeding One Half Chaldron, frqmmixiogorimps; up together, or causing to be mixed or heaped up together is fich Shed, Shop or Warehouse, any Quantity or Quantities whatform, of any and as many different Sorts, Names or Descriptiooi of CaA as he, (he or they shall respectively think fit, or from fdhag or causing to be sold, such Coals when so mixed: Provided oewtfe that such Coals, when so mixed, shall be sold as, for and by the Nik of " Mixed Coals, " and shall not be sold in any Quantities exceedkg Half a Chaldron, nor shall be sold at any other Place than it tk Shop, Shed or Warehouse, where the same shall have been so mi XLV. Provided also, and be it further eoacted, That ootteg herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so«* hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dolsi in Coals within the Limits of this Act, from felling or canfing to k fold any Mixed Coals whatsoever, which shall have been mixed t any time before the passing of this Act: Provided nevertWffi, tbs such Coals shall be sold as and for, and shall be describedktk Vender's or Dealer's Ticket to be sent therewith si and for andbj the Name of M Warehouse Coals."

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Peoalties« Forfeitures by this Act imposed, f the manner of levying and r«o» vering whereof is not otherwise hereby directed, ) not exceed^ Twenty Pounds, shall be sued for within One Calendar Uo&ibotf

is

58 GEO. III.

C Ixxviit.

809

Forty Shillings; and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bu-fheU in any Five Chaldron and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such case such Vender or Dealer of such Coals shall forfeit and pay fV>r every such Bushel so found deficient any Sum not exceeding Five P«why* Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; but in case any such Coals so re-measured and found deficient shall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Measure, then and in such case the Vender or Venders of,

Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel so found deficient any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further eoacted, That the By whom Ex-Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter to be ap- peace* of Repointed by virtue of this A A, so remeasuring, shall be paid the Sum «furement of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured by him, and ire to*(b in 'Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron;

and if upon any such Remeasurement the whole of the Coals so re-measured shall be found less than the Quantity for Which the whole Of such Coals shall be sold, then and in such case the Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, pay the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then and in such case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing CodiYoldhy

herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require Po°* ^asur* any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure to be measured by the gJJjjJj

Bushel Measure previously to such Coals being loaded and sent away unierf ntto* in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage from the Vender's or Dealer's of Purchaser. Wharf or Place of Sale, unless by the Define of the Purchaser of

any such Coals.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold, or loaded Coal* sold by to be sold as and for Wharf Measure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Wharf Measure Bushels, at or from any Place or Places withio the Limits of this -

A A, shall be measured in the Presence of One of the said Labour- Land Coal M«-

ing Coal Meters to be appointed by virtue of this Act, by the Bu- tar.

fhel Measure heaped up as by this A A is directed; and the said

Labouring Coal Meters, and every of them, shall and may, and they

and he are and is hereby authorized and required to fill up any

Bushel or Bulhela of any such Coals as shall appear to him or them

deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the

Person or Persons lo vending or contraAing for the Sale of the said

Coals, or so loading any such Coals for Sale.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Labouring Meters suffering Coal Meter shall wittingly or willingly suffer any Coals exceeding Wharf Measure Eight Busheis, which shall be sold or loaded to be sold as and for CoalV° be sent Wharf Measure, to be sent from any Wharf, Warehouse ot other j^ngroetfured. Place within the Limits of his Office, without such Coals being

measured in the manner herein directed, or shall not give Information tfwreof to the Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by virtue of flih Act, or to the said subordinate Office, within Four Days next fc stich Coals shall have been measured, then and in every such trie stich Labouring Goal Meter shall for ever thenceforth be ren-'9F 2 dered

Penalty.

Coal Meter's Payment for Wharf Mealure Coals.

Principal Meter to deliver to Vender, &c. a Ticket.

The Contents of such Ticket.

If Purchaser desire to have particular Sacks re-measured, Proceedings.

In what case Metage to be paid to Vender.

C. IxxviiL 56° GEO. III A.D. 1816.

dered incapable of acting aa a Labouring Coal Meter, and forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coale which shall be sold and delivered, at and for Wharf Measure, at any Wharf, Warehouse or Place within the Limits of this Act, and so in Proportion for any greater or Ids Quantity than a Chaldron, shall be paid by the Occupier or Oao-piere of the Wharf, Warehouse or Place from which such Coili are taken, or by the Seller or Vender of such Coals to the said Principal Land Coal Meter for the Execution of this Act, and thereupon such Principal Land Coal Meter is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carman who shall cart, lead, drive or carry away the same, a Piper Writing, or Ticket, signed by the Principal Land Coal Meter, and countersigned by the Labouring Coal Meter attending and deliver, ing the same, in which shall be contained the Christian and Surname or Names of the respective Seller or Seliers, Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, and also either the Christian or Surname or Names of the respective Seller or Seliers, Vender or Venders, and also either the Christian or Surname or Names or only the Surname or Names of the Purchaser or Purchasers, Consumer or Consumen of the said Coals, and the Quantity of such Coals, and the Dsyof the Week, Month and Year of the Delivery, and Admeasurement, and Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Carman or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the same Coals, and also shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the hid Coals, that if he, (he or they is or are distatisfied with the Meafmt thereof, and shall desire to have all such Coals remeasured, such Dif-satisfaction must be expressed to the Carman, before more tlr.n 0* Sack of such Coals is (hot or unladen from the Waggon, Cart or other Carriage conveying the same; and that if such Purchaser or Purchasers shall he so distatisfied, and shall desire to have all or any of the particular Sacks remaining in such Cart, Waggon or other 6r- i riage remeasured, so as to ascertain the Contents of each or any of l such particular Sacks, then that such Desire must be expressed to the Carman before any of the Sacks of Coals which such Purchaser or Purchasers shall desire to have remeasured, shall be (hot or on*, loaden from the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the fane shall he sent; which, said Ticket, being thus made complete, and Metage paid, shall be delivered unaltered by the Labouring Coal Meter, countersigning the same, withour Delay to the Carman or Per* son employed to cart, carry, drive or lead the Coals described in such Ticket, to the Purchaser or Consumer therein named; which said Ticket unaltered, the said Carman or Person therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals in such Ticket described, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respedi* Consumers or Purchasers therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket for the Use of such Purchaser or Consumer, and thereupon he, k or they is and are hereby required to pay to the Sellernamedin fudt Ticket, the Metage therein Specified, and if the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning such Ticket, shall after Payment or Tender of tk Metage charged in pursuance of this Act, refuse to deliver (W Ticket as hereinbefore directed to the Carman or PerfQA employed

to

56° GEO. III. C.lxxviii.

805

to cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals therein described, such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds 5 and if such Carman or Peiion Carman refusing employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals described in such to deliver Ticket Ticket, shall, after the same Ticket shall have been so delivered to 10 PurclMrtr* him by the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning the same, either alter or neglect, or refuse to deliver the same Ticket to the Purchaser or Consumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not Penalty, exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Wharfingers Dealer in Coals shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or cause to giving Bribe* to be given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meterl*

Meter or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward

or Gratuity whatsoever over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Metage of Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat of Coals sold by Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum Penalty, not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal or La- Meter* recciv-bouring Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed pursuant to , n* Br, .b€S*0' this Act, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, a false or counter- Ticket*18 fcited Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman or other

Person, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons

whomsoever, or shall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender

of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward or Gratuity

whatsoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed

to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured

by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five

Chaldron and One Vat of Coals sold by the Pool Measure, for the

Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of

Coals sold by Weight, or if such Principal Land or Labouring Coal Or permitting

Meter shall willingly permit or suffer to be made false Measure of faMe Measure to

any Coals, or shall deliver a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of made»&c«

Coals, the whc!« of which he shall have not seen measured, or shall

couaterfign any Vender's or Dealer's Ticket for any Coals, without

having inspected such Coals, or without seeing and taking care that

the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of

any particular Room or Rooms of any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge

or other Craft, shall have been first completely emptied out of and

loaded from such particular Room or Rooms so fold, then, and in

every such case, every such Meter so offending shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and be

rendered incapable of ever serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Penalty.

Meter.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Quantity what- for

soever of Coals exceeding Eight Bethels, fold or to be sold as and

for Wharf Measure, shall be sent or driven in any Cart, Waggon or whaif other Carriage, or carried by Gang Labour from any Wharf, ware- Measure Coal*.

S F 3 house

80S

C. lxxviiL

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Penalty.

Meter permitting Sacks to be used of too small Ditqenfions.

Penalty.

Venders of Coals sold as Wharf Measure, if dif. fat is Bed, may have them remeasured.

Notice by Vender.

Meter to at* tend, &c.

Fee for Remea-furement*

Excels.

Penalty.

Cods sent by Land Carriage to be rentes-

house or Place, situate within thr Limits of this Act, wiiboat bating been measured by such Bushel Measure as is directed and described by this Act, or without such Meter's Ticket as aforesaid, so figued and countersigned as aforesaid, having been firffi obtained, or if such Ticket as aforesaid shall not be delivered to the Purchaser <r Purchasers of any such Coals, before any Part of such Coals at (hot or delivered upon the Piemiles of such Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds*

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Laboarisg Coal Meter to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall use, «knowingly permit or suffer any Sack or Sacks to be made use of for the measuring or carrying of Coals of less Dimenfiooi tha such Sacks as are directed to be used for that Purpose by tha Ad, at any Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, then asd in every such case, every such Labouring Coal Meter shall for erey such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXIII* Provided always, aftd be it further enacted, Thit if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure shall be dissatisfied with the Meafurrawt which shall have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Ware-house or other Place of Sale within the Limits of this Act, by or under the Inspection of the Labouring Land Coal Meter (btiod or attending at such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, then in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before such CoaJi sit lot away from such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place of Sale, to fend, or cause to be sent, to the Office of the Principal Land Coal Mete for the Execution of this Act, or to the said subordinate Office, Notice in Writing fi unifying the Desire of such Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to have such Coals remeasured, and then and in such case such Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters of or from such Office, not being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally measurai, shall, within the Space of Four Hours next after such Notice is Writing left at such Office, attend to remeasure the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the same. Sack by Sack, by the Bulbd Measure, in the Presence of such Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, or his, her or their Agent or Servant, or Agents or Servants, and for such Remeasurement such Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Principal Coal Meter the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured, and in case it shall appear upon such Remeasurement that the Coals so remeasured (W.exceed the Quantity for which the same were fold, then and io such case if such Excem shall be equal or amount to or exceed Tvo*Bushels in any Chaldron so remeasured, the Meter who first meafuttd such Coals shall for every Bu/hei so exceeding such Quantity x aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings together with all the Expences of such Remeasurement*

XXXIV* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their. Servant or Servants,

(bred, if desired, b* difotpfied with tha Measure of any C00I4 fold or to k

W*GEO. III.

C. Ixxviii*

*07

delivered within the Limits of this Act, and sent to him* her or them* bylb* Pur-in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall signify to the Carman, chtftr. ojr other Person attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage Hu, her or their Desire to hare tfye Coals contained in such Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals remeasure*^, then and in every such case the Carman or Driver of such Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, in which such Coals shall be hrought, ihatfTand he is hereby required to continue and remain at the House,

Judging or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchafert of such

Coais, with such Coals, and the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage,

until such Coals are remeasured j and if any such Carman or Driver Carman driving

shall drive away, or permit or fuller to be driven away, any suchy*y befort

Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, before the Coals contained therein rem€t'

shall be remeasured, without the Consent of the Purchaser or Pqr- .red*

chafers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and

in every such case, such Carman or Driver shall for every such

Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds* Penalty.

XXXV* And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Purchafert to*Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, so desiring such fend Notice to Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be Meter's Office, remeasured shall, and he, Ihe or they is and are hereby required to .feml, or cause to be sent, to the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or mea fared. Dealers in the said Coals, or to his, her or their Wharf, Warehouse or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are to be remeasured, and such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall, and he, Ihe or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any One of the Offices of the said Principal Land Coal Meter of his, her or the^r.Desire to have such Coals remeasured, and thereupon the Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters, (not being the Meter under whole Inspection the said Coals were originally measured, )

shall within the Space of Four Hours next after such Notice in Meter tost-Writing, left at either of the said Offices, attend from such Office tend, &c.

where Inch Notice shall be so left at the House, Lodging or other Fremises, of such Purchaser or Purchasers as shall be expressed in such Notice, for the Purpose of remeasuring the said Coals, and (nail accordingly remeasure the same in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers and Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them shall attend to fee the lame remeasured; and in case such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, Vender not at-or Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Agent or Servant, tending to fee Agents or Servants, shall not attend for the Purpose of seeing such £*" Coals so remeasured, then such Meter shall proceed on the mesuuring j"'1

of such Coals in his, her or their Absence, and such Meter (haQ, and he is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchaser qr Purchasers of such Coals, to remeasure such Coals either by the djiftin& Sacks, so as to afeertaiu the Contents of each particular, Sack of such Coals which shall remain in such Cart, Waggon or qther Carriage, or else.to remeasure such Coals in such manner, and (o as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in «all the Sacks taken together; and in case the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals mall not either before or immediately upon the Arrival of such Meter fi r cause to be signified to such

tit*

j.»

808

C. lxxviii.

50" GEO. III.

A.D. 18151

Fee to be paid by Purchaser for Remeasurement.

Deficiency appearing on Re- measurement.

Penalty on Vender.

If Coals fold for Wharf Measure. Penalty.

Penalty on Labouring Meter.

Penalty ou Coal Porters.

When Deficiency, and Coals sold as for Pool Measure. Penalty on Vender.

Penalty.

Proviso.

Meter his or their Option or Desire as to which of the said Two Ways he or they would wish such Remeasurement to be taken or made in, then and in every such case such Meter shall proceed to remeasure such Coals in such manner, and so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and for such Remeasurement such Purchaser or Purchafen shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Principal Land Coal Meter or Coal Meters, of and from the Office to which Notice shall have been sent as aforesaid. Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and in case, upon the Remeasurement of any foeh Coals which shall be so remeasured as to ascertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, it shall appear to the Meter so ir-measuring the same, that any Sack or Sacks of such Coals shall not contain Three Bufiiels, then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall for every Sack of Coals that shall be so found deficient on such Remeasurement forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case, npoa the Remeasurement of any such Coals as aforesaid, which shall be remeasured in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the same shall have been sent taken together, it shall appear to such Meter as aforesaid that the Coals thus remeasured do not amount, to the Quantity for which they were fold, then if such last mentioned Coals shall have been sold as and for Wharf Measure, the Vender or Venders of. Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals found deficient any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wanting in Measure to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Coals shall be so remeasured, and the Labouring Meter under whose Inspection the Coals were first measured shall for every Bushel so deficient forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and the Coal Porters who shall have first measured foeh Coals For the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers thereof, (hill for every Bushel of Coals so wanting forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence; but if any such Coals so remeasured in the manner last mentioned, and so found to amount to less than the Quantity for which the same were fold, shall have been sold as and for Pool Measure, then the Vender or Venders of. Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and not exceed Ten Buftiels in any Five Chaldron and One Vat so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every such Five Chaldron and One Vat any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldron and One Vat to rrtneasured, then and in such case such Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so deficient in every such Five Chaldron and One Vat any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that no such Coals so fold and sent shall be remeasured so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals taken together, after more than One Sack of such Coals shall have been (not or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage into or upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchafen, anything hereinbefore contained to tha contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And

56- GEO. III.

C IxxviiL

m

XXXVI. And be it farther enacted, That if upon such Re. measurement of any Coals fold and lent as and for Pool Measure by any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, and which Remeasurement shall hare been made in such manner as to ascertain the whole

Suantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, e Coals so remeasured shall be found to be less or more than at the Rate of Three Bushels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks specified in the Vender's or Dealer's Ticket of such Coals, then the Meter who counterfiened such Vender's or Dealer's Ticket of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency or Excess shall exceed Four Bushels in any Fire Chaldron and One Vat of such Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so exceeding or fa deficient in every such Five Chaldron and One Vat any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be so made so as to ascertain the whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks sent taken together, of any such Coals fold and sent as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, the whole of such Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then the Vender or Venders of. Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of iuca Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals; and if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be made so as to ascertain the Quantity contained in each and every of the particular Sacks sent, of any Coals sold as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, it shall be found that One Fourth Part or more of the Number of the Sacks of such Coals fold and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, do not contain the

Suantity of Three Bushels each respectively, then the Vender or endere of. Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of the Remeasurement thereof; but if the Number of such particular Sacks so found deficient shall not amount to One Fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of such Coals so fold and sent, then and in such case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after any such Notice as by this A A directed shall have been given by or on the behalf of any Purchaser or Purchasers, at either of the said Principal or Subordinate Offices, requiring the Attendance of anj Meter from either of such Offices, for the Purpose of remea-furing any Coals, fold either for Wharf or Pool Measure, then and in every such case a Meter or Meters shall be required to attend from the said Office, for the Purpose of making the Remeasurement, and such respective Labouring Meter or Labouring Meters shall* Und is, and are hereby required and authorized to remeafurr any such Coals which he or they shall be so sent to re measure, whether the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals shall or not be desirous of

3 such Remeasurement proceeded .in, any thing therein con-to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any Such Principal or Subordinate Land Coal Meter* after having received any_ such

In case Coala fol4 for Pool Measure proving deficient on Remeasuremeau

Penalty om Meter.

By whom Ex* pencea of Rome afurement tie to be peid.

Principal Meters not fending a Labouring Meter to nea-sure Coals.,

C. Ixxviii.

5<3° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

C0A1.

Appeal.

Final.

Certiorari,

Summoning

Witnesses.

Not attending.

Penalty.

Such Petfims may be appre. heacted,

and examined on Oath.

Refufittg to be fa or n, &c.

Imprisonment.

Perjury.

Penaltiet above soL how to be recovered.

fuel Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and amend the bid Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them the said Justices shall seem just and reasonable, and the Dedfion of the had Justices therein shall be final, binding and cunclufrye; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be qoa&ed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed by Ccitierari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His liyeir'f Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

'XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may V lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures shall be foed for, to summon before him or them any Person or Persons who shall ia or by die Complaint or Information made to him or them appear to be s rtecefiary Witness as to the matters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at a time and Place to be specified in the Siumm^ ud in case such Person To summoned shall not appear according tsfodb Summons, then upon due Proof of the Service of such SonuaoM is manner aforesaid, such Person so summoned and not appearing in Compliance therewith, shall forfeit and pay any Sam not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manner and by such Ways and Means as is hereinbefore directed as toother Penalties; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Juftkc or Justices ta cause such Person to be apprehended by Warrant, under the Bud md Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, andtobebragfct before him or them, and thereupon, whether such Person hoInn Upon Summons at aforesaid, or shall be apprehended as afocehti, sack Justice or Justices shall and may proceed to examine him or her spoc Oath as to the matter of such Complaint or Information; and is csfe such Person shall refuse to be sworn or to answer, or to give Eridevct therein, then and in every such case it shall and may beuwfu!toed for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under hit Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person so refilling to befirora,

Or to answer or to give Evidence as aforesaid, to the Common Gad or House of CorreAion of the County or Place in or for which such Justice or Justices shall then aA, there to remain for any Space of time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Frirfonsspai hi8, her or their Examination upon Oath, before any Justice or Jaibces df the Peace, aAing in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully sod corruptly give false Evidence touching any matter or thing rehtioe to this Act, or if any Person or Persons mall take or make any W& Oath or Affidavit, with respect to any matter or thing relating to AA, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pra j and Penalties as by any Law in Force and EfieA, Persons geftty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds by this Act inyafcA for any Offence or Offences committed against this A A, (bast mi may be recovered by AAion of Debt, Bui, Plaint or Inform*, in any of His Majesty'e Courts of Record at Wejbah$*r % whertfc, no 'Essoign, ProteAion, Wager of Law or any more Ate One Imparlance shall be allowed by tie Person or Persons who ftaB inform

ad

I

56° GEO. IlL C.lxxviiL SU

thereof, or by the Occupier or Occupier* of the Whadb Warehouse or other Place from whence such Coals shall be feat, to the Principal Land Coal Meter, Sixpence for every Ton of Coals so weighed under the Meter's Inspection, and so in Proportion for aoy greater or less Quantity than One Ton, and such Sum of Mopey shall he repaid to such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers by the Purchafef or Purchasers of such Coals*

XLL And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of Vender'* Ticket or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals so sold by Weight within the bf, tb Limits of this Act, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the y

Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her qr their Servant or 8 Servants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart* Waggon or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloacted, a Paper or Ticket in Form< following; (, th# is to say),

Mr. A. B.

[Here insert the Name of the Buyer."] Form. 1

TTAKE Notice, That you are to receive herewith [Here insert

the Number] Tons [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, for inspecting which Coals you are, in conformity to an Act of Par-

liament made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George«the Third, [Here set forth the Title of this Act] to repay me the

undersigned [Here insert the Name of the Seller] the Sum of [Here

insert the Amount of the InfteBion Charge] being at and after the«Rate of Sixpence For every Ton of Coals sold to and to be received

by you herewith.' f

( Signed) C. D.

[Here insert the Name of the Seller.]

(Countersigned) E. F.

[Here insert the Name of the Meter.J

And in case such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, do not Vender not d*. deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Ticket as. aforesaid, and £o liveringTicket countersigned' by a Meter as aforesaid, . to the Purohafeiior Purchasers 10 Parch»Ter. of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants before any.>

*Part of such Coals are unloaden, every such Vender, or Dealer shall .for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding-Twenty Penalty. Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attend- C*n!Mn ing any itich Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any fuph Coals to whom any fuen Ticket shall have been given by or oy the urc a Orders of the Vender or Dealer, 'in order to.be delivered to the Pur? chafer, shall (having so firit received the same from the Vendor,

Dealer or any Person by the Direction of the Vender or. Dealeik) xefufe or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants,

before aiiy Part of such Coals shall be unloacted, such Carman, Driver

of other Person so offeuding, shall for every such Offence forfeit and Penalty, pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Goals Coils to be sold whatsoever fold within the Limits of this Act, save and except only either by Weight such Coals as shall be sold by Weight in manner aforesaid, mall be Ch^-

fold either by the Chaldron, such Chaldron to consist of Thirty fix n or u 1

of such Bushels so heaped up as aforesaid* or else by such Bushelas aforesaid, or by the Half Bufiiel, Peck mr Half Peck, provided such smaller Measure shall be same Aliquot Part of such Buihel Meaiqpe, any thing, herein contained to the contrary nafcwrithstand^y^

Notice.

Treble Costs.

Act not to liter or repeal 47 G. 3. Seff. 2. c. tarlii.

Commencement of A a.

Public Act.

35G.j-c.136.

continued.

10 G.3. c. 100. 33 0.3. c. 138. 54 G. 3. c. 00. continued.

33 0.2* c. 35*

29 G. 3. c. 21. repealed.

C. lxxriii — lxtxi. GEO. III. AJX.1MS. 1|

shall arise; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before I Twenty one Days' Notice shall have been given, or after a faficv-t'Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time linked for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Pfamti£ or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their Adics or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Pbnrtff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Co ft a, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit, in other cases by Lav*.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter or vary any Part or Parts of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majrftj, but that the said Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Pfea&kks and Forfeitures therein contained, shall be as good, valid aadrlcdwl, to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place from and after the passing thereof.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being (pcdaffy pleaded.

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His prefist Majesty, for repairing the Road from Horselj Upright Gakt, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts* to the Top of Kingjdown Hill, in the Parish of Box* in the said County, and several other Roads near or adjoining thefeto. (a)

[26th June iSi&j

Additional Trustees.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powm of several Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing tie Highways from Speenbamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Speenbamland Dili rid of the (ad Roads, (a) [26th Juju 1816.]

[Additional TruJUes Former Tolls to cea/e, new Tolls granted*]

Cap. Ixxxi.

An Act for the more effectual Security and Improvement of the Harbour of Now Sborebam, in the County of Sussex.

[I ft July 1816.]

Caf*

). 1816*

66° GEO. III. C. Ixxxii-Jxxxiv.

817

Cap. lxxxii.

Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the 34G«3.

Leign of His present Majesty, for Paving, Lighting, Watching 'd*1'-nd otherwise improving the several Streets and other Public laces upon certain Lands near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of 'amt Patter as, in the County of.Middlesex.

[ift July 1816.]

Cap. Ixxxiii.

Act for improving the Road from the City of Glasgonu to the ^ity of Carli/le. (b) [ift July 1816.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

i A A for erecting Buildings for the Accommodation of the Court Chancery.

[2d July 1816.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act made and passed 53 G.3.c-4-in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Jujliee, ' ind of the several Acts therein mentioned or referred to, and by virtue of divers Orders of the High Court of Chancery made for chat Purpose, in pursuance of the said several Acts, divers Sums of Money have been from time to time taken out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government and Parliamentary Securities have been carried to an Account, intituled ' Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom have in like manner been laid out and carried to an Account, intituled Account of Securities pur* chafed with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery : And Whereas under and by virtue of the above recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Sir Thomas Plamer,

Knight, hath been duly appointed Vice Chancellor of England, and hath hitherto held his Sittings, out of Term, as such Vice Chancellor, in the Council Chamber of the Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex; but the same is not a convenient or proper Place for that Purpose, and such Ufc and Occupation thereof is very Inconvenient to the said Society; and ' it would be of advantage and an Accommodation to the Public if ' a proper and convenient Court for the said Vice Chancellor, with 1 or without a proper Communication between the said Court and ' Lincoln's Inn Hall, was erected and built for holding the Sittings of the said Court, and for the Accommodation of the Suitors thereof:

And Whereas the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn have Society of Lirv- consented and agreed to grant a Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground coin'* Innhu at the West EiXd of and adjoining the Council Chamber of the granted a Piers laid Society, for the Purpose of Building such new Court thereon, ^illlri- #^4 on condition that the Fee Simple of such Piece of Land or Ground, ' Court

4 and all Buildings to be erected and built thereon, shall be and 56Gso. III. SG 4 remain

818

C. Uuutiv.

S«*GEO.HU

AJXlWi

Sheriff to im-pannel a Jury to a fiefs the Purchase Money to he paid for the Premiles herein mentioned.

4 remain for ever veiled in the said Society, in Trust for the Use and Accommodation of the said Court, of Chancery, and to and for no

other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever: And Whereas Mdtrt Greenbill Russell of Lincoln'* Inn aforesaid, Esquire, i* entitled In& '* Estate for his own Life, with the Power of assigning the hue

4 upon the Terms and according to the Rule* and Regalatm of

the ftid Society, of apd in a certain Syt of Chymbfsnom At 4 said Council Chamber of the said Society, and certain Row or

Chambers over the same; and the said Society are entitled ta the

Reversion and Inheritance thereof, CabjeA to such Estate adla-

terest of the said Robert GreenbiU RuffeU therein^ audit wfi he proper that such Chambers and Rooms should be defiveved np to the said Society; and that proper Compensation {hould be nade to the said Robert Greenhill RuffeU for bn Estate and Interest therno, and for the Loft and Inconvenience, he w9 be put to bybrisg obliged immediately to remove therefrom, and to gnu up the Pefiession thereof to the said Society $ and it isjuufooeHrJtbai the said Society should be ram bur fed all Obliges, and Expeaces which they have or may be put to for Plans and Eftkmttes for the dvMings for the said Court, and in the necefevry AJtcnuiuos uf thnr

fair! Pniinril PlianaKpr. or ntllArnriG>. in rnnfrnnrirr A — mf; 1

Witnesset to be fumooooed.

laid Council Chamber, or otherwise,

May it therefore pjeafe Your Majesty, that it mar be «Ad; and be it enacted by The King's Most ExcdLfon* Majesty, by and noth the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Common*, ia this prefen t Parliament affemWed* and bytheAflthonty of the famq, That the Sheriff of the County of ABddlefno Mlforthwith, and he is hereby empowered and required to impair!, Smugo apd return not less than Twelve nor more than Twenty foot £db-ftantial and indifferent Persons of his Bailiwick, qualified to fern qo Juries; and the Persons so, to be impanneffect, frowned and r-turned as affirefaid are hereby required to cro rodappou briar the said Sheriff at his Office in Bedford Row* in Ur fbxrikuf A»f Andrew, Holborn, in the said County* at such time as (haliteJf*-eified in such Warrant, and to attend the said Sheriflor his {kpoty at the.said Placeuntil discharged by the said Sheriff on his Deputy; and out of fu*h Penfops ffi to be impanneUed, famnwdLand-turned* a Jury of Twelve Man ffia}! be drawn by the said Sheriff* hiu Demnty, in Xugh manner us Julies for Trials of. Has jorodj* His Majesty/s Qoprts at Westmiifkr*# by Law to be dram; and in case a sufficien* Numbered Jurymen shall nqt appear at the dor and Place appointed as .asque^pd* the said Sheriff or.kuu Deputy Aafl return, other honest and indifferent Me*, of the Bye Studs* ore! others, who can be spaedily procured to attend that Service, being is qualified as aforesaid* to nsnkfe up the(said Joey to tbebNnxnter of Twelve, and all Parties, copom^A my have theirfluv*fisl Chttny agpinft any of the said Jurymyn, but IhattiUOt jcbaUouro. the Any; and the said Sheriff or his Deputy-is hereby einpgwrwwd uuquml to summon and cull before him any Witmelfes tcnching-t.hu wtmk questiou, apd if he shall, thinfefit*xHlfo: G«C^ thereto required, order and authorise the said^Jvry# ofi jny Tuaflf more of theip, to view the Piece or. PlUOOS^ miliars iDcvihiros s controvevfy, and such Jury ffiaU upgn.rtl^X)cfri^idhidbCw»a» well as the Oaths to such the, Sheriffs hia fhiwrij

hereby empowered a#dequi*ed to adminitor) taqfptniaft

A.t). 181& 56* GEO, III C. horviu. wi&

andfpe for the same within Three Calendar Morith* after the Offrart1 or Offences shall be committed, and One Moiety of all such Fines,

Penalties or Forfeitures shall be to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof (together with Treble Costs of Suit) shall be to and for the Use of the rerfon or 'Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

LII. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be Dttrcfr aot unmade for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue-of this wtat

Ad, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the °*Fonn*

Patty or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Sum* mons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage sustained in an Action on the Case.

LIII. And, for the more.easy and speedy Conridion of Offenders Form of On* against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the vtftion.

Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet,

4 JftE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

A. B. is convicted before me, One of His

4 Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

4 \Here Specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed, at the case may be] contrary to an Act of Par*

4 {lament made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [Here insert the Title of this Act}. Given

under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above written.*

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Plaintiff not to shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or recover afar Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty one Days before such Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fjpecifying the Cause of such Attion; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action Limitation of or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any A&knu. thing done in pursuance of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the said County where the Cause of Action

shall

820

C. lxxxiv.

56° geo. nr.

A.D. 1816.

Courts, &c. to be veiled in the Society of Lin* cob's Inn, in Trait

Bxpences

Act.'

of the

If Suitors* Money be wanted, the Money taken to become a Debt due from the Public.

by the said High Coart of Chancery, and aKo to the Trnfiatr of the said Honourable Society for the time being, for the Ufa and ob the Account of the said Society, such Sum or Soma of Money m they shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Court to have bees paid, laid out or expended by them for Plans or Eftfamtes far the said Court, and in toe Alterations in their said CouncS Chamber, uecessary and consequent to such intended new Building or other wise, in relation thereto; and also such Sum or Sums of Money, tad at such time or times, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Brians, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for theCoftodyof the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, shall in his and tbdr Discretion deem necessary, and not exceeding the Sum of Mae thoe* sand Pounds, to be applied under the Direction of the End Coart, j in erecting, building and completing a proper and convenient Court of Justice in Lincoln's Inn aforesaid, for the said Vice ChnaoeBor of i England, upon a Plan to be approved of by the said Society, wherem I the Business of the said Court may be transacted and carried os; and in filing up the said Court with proper Furniture, Nccdaries and Conveniencies, and for transaCting the Business thereof; and also such further Sum or Sums of Money, either yearly or in grab, over and above the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, as (haD beaeceBarr for keeping the same in Repair, and for insuring and keeping the same insured from Lof9 or Damage by Fire, at such Infaraocr Offer or Offices, and in such manner, and in such Name or Name* and for such Sum or Sums, as the said Court shall from time to time order and dire d.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the bid Court* and tin Rooms and Cellars thereunto belonging, shall continue n£edin the Trustees for the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn, and then Successors, for ever, in Trust nevertheless for the Use of the hid Court; and that the same shall be used for the public Porpofcs br this Act directed in respect of the same, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever, except that in case at any thne hereafter the same shall cease to be used for the Purposes aforesaid, then dr same shall revert to and become the absolute Property of the fad Society.

V. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dwi-den da of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities, porckafed; and to be purchased as aforesaid, Handing in the Name of the Ac- I countant General of the said Court, to the several Accounts heron- 1 before mentioned, or either of them, the Expences incurred m procuring and passing this Act, and the Cods, Charges and Expose* of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, (U1 be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, Thai if at any time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money to be bid out and expended in pursuance of this Act shall be wanted to aofver any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, or any Salaries, Payments or Sums of Money payable or ordered or granted, or to become payable or ordered or granted, under or by virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of 1 any Order or Orders made or to be made under the Authority df

icy

3. 181

56° GEO. III. C. Ixxxiv — Ixxxvii.

821

CucK AA or A6to heretofore passed, and the Stocks and Funds Cash then standing in the Name of the Accountant General of said Court, to the several Accounts before mentioned or. either hem, shall not be sufficient to answer and satisfy the same, that same Money taken from the said Fund for the Purposes and virtue of this Act, shall be and be considered a Debt due from*Public, and shall be answered and made good by Parliament ordingly.

/II- And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed I taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially acted.

Cap. lxxxv.

n Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for making a Canal from the Grand Junction Canal in the Parish of Paddington to the River Thames, in the Parish of Limehouse.

[2d July 1816.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

in Ad to alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha. (b)

[2d July 1816. j

Cap. Ixxxvii.

\n Ad to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for granting certain Powers to the Gas Light and Coke Company.

[2d July 1816.]

WHERE AS. an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company, to be incorporated by Charter, to be called The Gas Light and Coke Company, for making inflammable Air, for lighting of the Streets of the Metropolis, and for procuring Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Ajphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor and Essential Oil from Coal, and for the Purposes relating thereto: And Whereas His Majesty, by his Royal Charter bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ( twelve, did incorporate the said Company in pursuance of and sub- jed to the Provisions of the said Act, by the said Name of The Gas Light and Coke Company: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty,

4 for granting certain Powers and Authorities to the Gas Light and Coke Company: And Whereas the said Company have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of the said recited ( Acts and the said Charter, and have established large and extensive Works, and have afforded a Supply of Gas to a considerable Part of the Cities of London and Westminster: And Whereas the Inha* 4 bitants of various Parts of the said Cities are deflrous to be supplied with Gas for their private Use, and have made Application jjo the said Company to extend their Works for that Purpofi^y And 1 Whereas, in ordefr to enable the said Company to incpgSle their

3 G 34 Works,

Public Act.

52 G.3. C.CXCV.

3?G. 3. c.19. (10

39 G. 3. c.46.

50 G- 3. c. cliiii.

Charter, 30th April 181a.

54 G. 3. c. cxvi.

C. Ixxxiv.

56° geo. nr.

A.D. 1818.

Courts, &c. to be vested in the Society of Lincoln's Inn, in Trait

Bxpences of the Ad.-

If Suitors' Money be wanted, the Money taken to become a Debt due from the Public.

by the said High Court of Chancery, and also to the Treafiatrof the said Honourable Society for the time being, for the Ufc ad a'the Account of the said Society, such Sura or Sums of Moaey as they shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Court to have been paid, laid out or expended by them for Plans or Eftinata for the 1 said 'Court, and in the Alterations in their Cud Conned Chamber, uecefTary and consequent to such intended new Building or cgfaervik, in relation thereto; and also such Sum or Suras of Money, ad at such time or times, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britan, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for theCaftodydike Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, shall in his and their Discretion deem necessary, and not exceeding the Sum of Nae thus-sand Pounds, to be applied under the Direction of the End Court, in erecting, building and completing a proper and conveniest Court of Justice in Lincoln'/ Inn aforesaid, for the said Vice Quncdfer of England, upon a Plan to be approved of by the said Society, wherein the Business of the said Court may be t ran faded and earned on; and in filing up the said Court with proper Furniture, Necdbnes and Conveniences, and for transading the Business thereof; and also such further Sum or Sums of Money, either yearly or in grab, o?er and above the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, as fhaDbenece&y for keeping the same in Repair, and for insuring and keeping the same insured from Loss or Damage by Fire, at such Infuraoce Office or Offices, and in such manner, and in such Name or Nine* md for such Sum or Sums, as the said Court shall from time to date order and direct.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Court, aid the Rooms and Cellars thereunto belonging, shall continue veiled in the Trustees for the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's /as, and their Successors, for ever, in Trust nevertheless for the Use of the Cad Court; and that the same shall be used for the public Purpofa bj this Act directed in respect of the same, and to or for no other Uk or Purpose whatsoever, except that in case at any time hereafter 1he same shall cease to be used for the Purposes aforesaid, then the same shall revert to and become the absolute Property of the bid Society.

V. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities, pnrdafcd and to be purchased as aforesaid, (landing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, to the several Accounts herek-before mentioned, or either of them, the Expences incurred b procuring and passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expenoes of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. That if at any time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money to be bid out and expended in pursuance of this Act shall be wanted to answer atiy of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, or any Salaries, Payments or Sums of Money payable or ordered or granted, or to become payable or ordered or granted, under or by virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of any Order or Orders made or to be made under the Authorky of

any

X>. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C. lxxxiv-r-lxxxvii.

r such AA or Acts heretofore patted, and the Stocks and Funds I Cash then standing in the Name of the Accountant General of Said Court, to the federal Accounts before mentioned or. either them, Audi not be fuf&cient to answer and fati&fy the same, that: same Money taken from the said Fund for the Purposes and virtue of this Act, shall be and be considered a Debt due from

: Public, and shall be answered and made good by Parliament cordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Public Act. d taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially eaded.

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Fifty second 52 G.3 c.cxcv. Year of His present Majesty, for making a Canal from the Grand Junction Canal in the Parish of Paddington to the River Thames, in the Parish of Limehouse.

[2d July 1816.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed in 370.3.0.19. the Parliament of Ireland, for repairing and improving the Roads PO leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha. (b) 39 G. 3. c.46.

[2d July 1816.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for granting certain Powers to the Gas Light and Coke Company.

[2d July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the co G. 3. cclitii. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company, to be incorporated by Charter, to be called The Gas Light and Coke Company, for making inflammable Air, for lighting of the Streets of the Metropolis,

' and for procuring Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniaccd Liquor and Essential Oil from Coal, and for the Purposes relating thereto: And Whereas His Majesty, by his Royal Charter bearing Charter, 30th*Date the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and April 1811.

twelve, did incorporate the said Company in pursuance of and sub- jed to the Provisions of the said Act, by the said Name of The Gas 1 Light and Coke Company: And Whereas an Act was passed in the

Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 54 g. 3. c.cxvu*An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty,

for granting certain Powers and Authorities to the Gas Light and c Coke Company: And Whereas the said Company have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of the said recited Acts and the said Charter, and have established large and extensive Works, and have afforded a Supply of Gas to a considerable Part of the Cities of London and Westminster: And Whereas the Inha*

4 bitants of various Parts of the said Cities are desirous to be supplied with Gas for their private Use, and have made Application^ the said Company to extend their Works for that PurpoAnd 1 Whereas, in order to enable the said Company to incigale their

3 G 3 '4 Works,

C. lxxxiv.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Courts, &c. to be «dted in the Society of Lincoln*! Inn, in TrufL

Bxpences of the Ad.'

If Suitors* Money be wanted, the Money taken to become a Debt due from the Public.

by the said High Court of Chancery, and also to the Trwliuerof the said Honourable Society for the time being, for the Use and os the Account of the said Society, such Sum or Sums of Money a they shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Court to hate ben paid, laid out or expended by them for Plans or Estimates for the said Court, and in the Alterations in their said Council Chamber, wecefTary and consequent to such intended new Building or otherwise, in relation thereto; and also such Sum or Sums of Money, and it such time or times, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britw, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, shall in his and tiff Discretion deem necessary, and not exceeding the Sum of Nine thro-sand Pounds, to be applied under the Direction of the find Court, in erecting, building and completing a proper and convenient Court of Justice in Lincoln*t Inn aforesaid, for the said Vice Chancellor of England, upon a Plan to be approved of by the said Society, wherein the Business of the said Court may be transacted and carried od; and in siting up the said Court with proper Furniture, Neccffarin and Conveniences, and for transacting the Business thereof; and also such further Sum or Sums of Money, either yearly or in gross, over and above the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, as shall be necefhry for keeping the same in Repair, and for insuring and keeping the same insured from Loss or Damage by Fire, at such Insurance Office or Offices, and in such manner, and in such Name or Names, and for such Sum or Sums, as the said Court shall from time to time order and direct.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Court, and the Rooms and Cellars thereunto belonging, shall continue veiled in the Trustees for the said Honourable Society of Lincoln*t Innt and their Successors, for ever, in Trust nevertheless for the Use of the said Court; and that the same shall be used for the public Purpose bj this Act directed in respect of the same, and to or for no other lTle qr Purpose whatsoever, except that in case at any time hereafter the same shall cease to be used for the Purposes aforesaid, then the same shall revert to and become the absolute Property of the said Society.

V. And be it' further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dm* dends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities, pnrdufed and to be purchased as aforesaid, Handing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, to the Several Accounts hereinbefore mentioned, or either of them, the Expencet incurred in procuring and passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expeocn of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Enflad, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if at any time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money to be hid out and expended in pursuance of this Act shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, or any Salaries, Payments or Sums of Money payable or ordered or granted, or to become payable or ordered or granted, under or by virtue of any former Act or A 6b of Parliament, or by virtue of any Order or Orders made or to be made under the^uthority

- - - SOT

D. 181ft.

GEO. ML

C.hnncvii.

fc>ns, Restrictfons, Penalties and Forfeiture* as in and by the said Hted Ad or either of them, are expressed and contained of and deeming the Shares created by virtue thereof, and now veiled in b several and respective Proprietors of and in the said Underking; lind the Admission of all and every Person and Persons to tj finch new Share or Shares, by any Order or Resolution of the id Company, or their Court of Directors, shall be and be deemed > he a good and effectual Title to such Person or Persons, and his, )* or their respective Executor!, Administrators or Assigns, on b» her or their paying to the said Company, or their Tceaforer or IVeafarera for the time being, the Sum or Sums of Money required t> be paid for such Share! respectively, within the time limited in aeh Order or Resolution for that Purpose: Provided always that 10 Person shall be entitled to vote at any General ot Special Meeting rf the said Company, in respect of any Shares created by virtue of his Act, until he or she shall have been possessed thereof for the Space rf Three Calendar Months.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be the Property of more than one Person, the Owner or Proprietor whose Name shall have been ehtered first m Order in the Books of the said Company, shall for all the Purposes of the said Company be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares; and all Notices required by the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Company, shall and may be giten to or served upon such Person whose Name shall To stand first in Order in the Books of the said Company; and such Service upon such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Service upon all the Ownero or Proprietor! of such Share or Shares, for all the Purposes for which fudi Service is intended to be made upon the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares by the said recked Acts and this Act, or either of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Proprietor of Two or more Shares in the said Company's Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such Shares at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at such General or Special Meetings as aforesaid, either in Person or by Proxy, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking ! Provided nevertheless, that nb Person shall deliver in Proxies for mote than Ten Proprietors* and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made hi the Form following 5 +ideJ$ett9

4 T rf* B. of one of the Proprietors

of and in the Ga$ Light and Coke Company do hereby no.

4 mlnate, constitute and appoint C. D. of

to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my Absence, to vote or

give my A (Tent to of DHTent from any Business, matter or thing relating to the said Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or pro-

posed at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, in

4 inch manner as he the said C» D. shall think proper, according to Ms Opiriion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any thing relating thereto. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Harid the Day of

3 G 4

Shares (trading in the Names of more than one Person, the Person whose Name Hands first shall for all the Purposet of this Act be deemed the Owner.

Empowering Proprietors of Shares to vote by Proxy.

Form.

VI. And

824

C.taDEVU.

56° GEO. ill.

A.D. 1814.

Power to light of HouTm, kc. from the Ma ns.

Power to em ploy Manufacturers »r>H Deal-ers of the Materials to hr uled in lighting up House, under the Cootroul of the Company.

Penalty.

Power to lay Mains, and to erefl Machinery requisite for securing a competent Supply of Gas to Dwelling Houses, &c and to alter or amend imperfect Work; hut not to break up Pavements, &c. without Con sent of Commissioners or Trustees.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, in such cases as to them shall seem meet and convenient, to cany, fit up and fumifh any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or other ne-eflary Apparatus, from any main Pipe laid in any Street, Highway, Road, Lane, Passage or Place by the said Company, by virtu of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any or either of then, m, to or through any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same, army public or private Lamp, from any such Main, with the Coofem of the Owner or Occupier of such Dwelling House or Moofet, Mm-fadories, public or private Buildings, but not otherwise: Provided always, that the said Company, in carrying into Execution the Power hereby granted, in respect of fitting up any such Dwelling Houses, Manufadories, public or private Buildings, shall employ or appoint such Manufacturers of, or Dealers of the Materials to he used; as to the said Company shall seem meet and proper, and such Manufacturers or Dealers shall execute the same under and ttjed to the Superintendance, Coutroul and Direction of the said Company: Provided also, that the said Company.shall not, an any Account or upon any Pretence whatever, employ or (et to work, in fitting up any such Dwelling Houses, Manufadories, public or private Buildings, any Workman or Servant or any other Period in the Pay or Employ of the said Company; nor lull the said Company themselves manufacture, fell or vend aoy of the Materiab requisite, except Stop Cocks and Burners, nor directly «iodncdly take or derive any Emolument, Advantage or Profit from Inch Works, upon pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with full Coils of Suit, to the Party who shall foe for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at IVcJlminster9 in which no EiToin, Protection, Wager of Law, oar more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to lay any Mata re* quifite for the Supply of any Dwelling House or Houses, Mano* fadories, public or private Buildings, and to ered and set up, by themselves or their Agents, Servants and Workmen, any Machine or other Apparatus necessary or requisite for securing to such Dwell, ing House or Houses, Manufadories, public or private Buddings a proper and competent Supply of Gas, or for measuring and ascertaining the Extent of such Supply, and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which shall have been placed in such Dwelling Houses, Manufadories, public or private Buildings, any thing in the said recited Acts or this Act, or any or either of tfarm, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or authorize or empower the said Company, or any Officer or Person now or hereafter appointed or employed by the said Company, or any other Person or Perfoas whomsoever, at any time or times hereafter to break or take up or remove any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatsoever or wheresoever, in order to lay down main Pipe

or

A.D. 181 A.

*°G£0. III.

CVbnrxvii.

823

latiofls, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures as in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them, are expressed and contained of and concerning the Shares created by virtue thereof, and no* veiled in the several and respective Proprietors of and in the said Undertaking; and the Admifton of all and every Person and Persons to any such new Share or Shares, by any Order or Resolution of the ibid Company, or their Court of Directors, shall be and be deemed to be U good and effectual Title to such Person or Persons, and his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators or Afltgns, on Im, her or their paying to the said Company, or their Treaforer or Trwrfurers for the time being, the Sum or Sums of Money required to be paid for such Shares respectively, within the time limited in such Order or Resolution for that Purpose: Provkfed always that no Person shall be entitled to vote at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, m tefpe& of any Shares created by virtue of this Act, until he or she shall have been poff&ffed thereof for the Space of Three Calendar Months.

IV. And be it further Snacted, That when utiy Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be the Property of more than one Pbrfon, the Owner or Proprietor whose Name shall have been entered forft in Order in the Books of the said Company, shall for all the Purposes of the said Company be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares; and all Notices required by the said retiled Acts and this Act, or either of them, to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shanes in the said Company, shall and may be given to or served upon such Person whose Name shall so stand fitft in Order in the Books of the said* Company; and such Service upon such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Service upon all the Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, for all the Purposes for which such Service Is intended to be made upon the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares by the said recked Acts and this Act, of either of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Proprietor of Two or more Shares in the said Company's Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such Shares at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at such General or Special Meetings as aforesaid, either in Person or by Proxy, every Such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking: Provided nevertheless, that nb Person shall deliver in Proxies for more than Ten Proprietors, and the Appointment of such Proxies may be itiade in the Form following; oidtiicet,

4 T A. J3. of one of the Proprietors

of and in the GaS Light and Coke Company do hereby norriinate, constitute and appoint C. D. of

to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my Absence, to vote or give my A (Tent to Of DHTent from any Business, matter or thing relating to the said Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or pro-

Sfed at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, in : h manner as he the said C. D. shall think proper, according to Ms Opiiiion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any thing relating thereto. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set toy Harid the Day of .*

VI. And

Shires (trading in the Names of

more than one Person, the Person whose Name (lands first shall for all the Purposet of this Act be deemed the Owner.

Empowering Proprietors of Shares to vote by Proxy.

Form.

3 G 4

8*4

Chonwii.

58° GEO. III.

A .1). 18 is.

Poorer to fm ploy Manufacturers anH Deal< ers of the Materials to He used in lighting up Houfis, under the Contrail of the Company.

P°Tw .VL A, id* itL farther That it Audi be lawful for At

from the°Ma-ns. Company, and they are hereby fully authorized and empooad, in such cases as to them shall seem meet and convenient, to cmy, it up and furnish any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or othtt- ot-eflary Apparatus, from any main Pipe laid in any Street, Highway, Road, Lane, Passage or Place by the said Company, by vitae of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any or either of them, a, to or through any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, jaMic or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same, army public or private Lamp, from any such Mam, with the Omfioa d the Owner or Occupier of such Dwelling House or Hooiin, Mass* factories, public or private Buildings, but not otherwise: Prodded always, that the said Company, in carrying into Execution the Power hereby granted, in respect of fitting up any such Dwefiag Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, shall employ or appoint such Manufacturers of, or Dealers of the Materials to be used; as to the said Company shall seem meet and proper, and such Manufacturers or Dealers shall execute the same under and fdbjeft to the Superintendance, Cootroul and Direction of the find Company: Provided also, that the said Company.shall not, on any Account or upon any Pretence whatever, employ or fit to work, in fitting up any such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, pnh&c or private Buildings, any Workman or Servant or any other Ferfia in the Pay or Employ of the said Company; nor shall the Hud Company themselves manufacture, fell or vend any of the Mfterials requisite, except Stop Cocks and Burners, nor directly or odheEtiy take or derive any Emolument, Advantage or Profit from fact Works, upon pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with full Colts of Suit, to the Party who shall foe for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Cafi, Biflf Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no EfToin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to lay any Main it-requisite for fe- Su^lte*or Supply of any Dwelling House or Houses, Mass-curing a com- factories, public or private Buildings, and to erect and set up, by petent Supply of themselves or their Agents, Servants and Workmen, any Machine Gat to Dwelling or other Apparatus necessary or requisite for securing to such DweA-Housea, &cjand^ ing House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buddings, Imperfcfik Work*a ProPer an^ competent Supply of Gas, or for measuring and afeer-butnot to break' taining the Extent of such Supply, and also to alter or amend any up Pavement*, bad or imperfect Work which shall have been placed in such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, any thing in the said recited Acts or this Act, or any or either of them, to the contrary thereof in anywise not with (landing: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or authorize or empower the said Company, or any Officer or Person now or hereafter appointed or employed by the said Company, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, at any time or times hereafter to break or take up or remove any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatsoever or wheresoever, in order to lay down main Pipe

Penalty.

Power to lay Maioi, and to

Sec. without Con fern of Coinmif-(ioners or Trustees.

A.D. 1816-

56" GEO. III.

C. lxxxfii.

825

or Pipes to convey Gas* without the Consent of the Comraissioners, Trudeee or other Persons having the Superintendence or Controul or Property of or in such Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of any such Streets, Roads or public Places, or a competent Number of them, from time to time in Writing fird obtained, but that nothing in this Clause contained shall be deemed or condrued to extend to prevent the said Company from repairing such main Pipes after such Consent obtained as- aforesaid, or from breaking or taking up or removing any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatsoever, for the Purpose of laying down or repairing any service Pipe or Pipes leading from such main Pipes, after such Consent so obtained as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements or Ground in any of the Streets, Roads or public Places within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the Suburbs, Precincts and Liberties thereof respectively, for the Purpose of making or laying down or repairing any Main or Mains of Pipes, or any Pipe or Pipes, or of altering the Position of or repairing any Pipes, Stop Cocks, Valves or Syphons, or other Works, or for any other Purpose, unless Notice in Writing of their Intention to break or take up such Pavement or Ground, signed by the Principal Clerk or Secretary, or Inspector or Surveyor to the said Company, specifying the Street, Road or public Place, and the particular Part of such Street, Road or public Place in which such Pavement or Ground is intended to be broken or taken up, shall have been given to a Surveyor of the Pavemen ts or Roads lor the time being, (duly appointed and notified in pursuance of any Act of Parliament now or hereafter in force for that Purpose, ) of the parochial or other Did rid or Place wherein such Street, Road or public Place, the Pavement, Ground or Soil whereof is so intended to be broken or taken up shall be situate, or shall have been left for him at his Dwelling House or Office within such parochial or other Didrid or Place, for the Space of Three Hours at the lead, before such Pavement or Ground or any Part thereof shall be so broken or taken up, except in all cases of ludden Emergency, in which such Notice as aforesaid shall be given to such Surveyor of Pavements or Roads as soon as possible after such Pavement or Ground, or any Part thereof, shall be broken or taken up; and that the said Company shall not break or take up or dif-turb or cause to be broken or taken up or didurbed, the Pavement or Ground in any Street, Road or public Place within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purpose of laying down any Mains or Pipes, except service Pipes of a Diameter not exceeding One Inch in the Bore, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Controul of the Pavements or RoAds, Ground or Soil, in any parochial or other Didrid or Place, signified under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer or Officers, fird obtained; and that if the said Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavement or Ground- without such Notice being given or left as aforesaid

(except

Rest rift ions respecting break' ing up Pavement*.

Nodes of breakup Pavement,

&c.

Company breaking up Pavement without Notice, &c.

CfettorfL

5<T GEO.HL

AJ>. 1BK.

IK

(oaeept as tffbrefarfd), or shall break or take of, or difhirb or oak to be broken, token of or disturbed, mj of such Pramest or Ground, for die Purpose of laying down any Mains or Pipes (except service Pipes os afbreknd) without such Oanftwt as aforesaid, then and in every such case the find Company shall forfeit and pay to tk Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons haring the Control of tke Pavements or Roads within the parochial or other District or Place in which such Pavement or Ground so broken or takes of or disturbed shall be situate, or to their Treafnrer, Clerk or Surrrror, Penalty. or to such other Person as they may appoint, the Sum of Treaty

Pounds for every fqnare Foot of Pavement or Ground which (hH be so broken or taken up without such Notice or Cetifent as aforesai, to he recorered with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty'i Courts of Record at Westminster % by Addon of Debt, or os the Case, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance fhaM be allowed: Provided always, that the said Company shall not be fobjeft or table to the Payment of more than one Pen sky, or to more thn or Action, Sait or other Proceeding in respect of any one Offence coo-mkted, whether by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of IMiament, now or hereafter in force, airy Law, Statute, Ufagtor Custom to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. lUqidring On»- IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever and so cfcrt a the peny to-reMats fcjd Company foal! have lawfully broken up or removed the Stones, fter^lpes] &c! Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of arry Street, Road, Highwiyfr have been iaid ptibhc Place, Or Sny Part thereof, the fetid Company (hill and they down. afe hereby required immediately then after to remftate tmd make good

such Ground, Sod or Pavement, in 0s gotod found State and Condition as the Tame was or were in at the time of being so broken of, to the Sarisfaftion of the Surveyor of the Commissioom or Trdtas of such Pavement, Soil or Ground rfefpe&ivfcly; and the fold Coo-pany shall carry away all surplus Earth, Frith and Rubhilh occasioned thereby, at their own Costs and Charges; and that during the Works of the fetid Company, and retaliating such Ground, Sod or Phvement as aforefarid, the said Company mall provide proper Watchmen, with neceflkry Lamps, and otherwise securb and guird the said Works, so as to prevent any Damage or Inconvcmtoce Company not re- happening to Passengert, Cattle or Carriages j and in case the fad ment^Mid not" Company fh&H neglect and make Default in making good and rero-repaying Com- Gating inch Ground, 80A or Paverttent as aforesaid, Within TVfiitf

miflfoner* the four Hours tlext after Notice given to or left for the said Company

Expences. it their Hottfe or Osten, it fhau be lawful for the said Cofnmifiorwi or Trustees to reinstate and make good such Grourid, Soil or Pitt* meat; and the Charges and Expencetr thereof shall be reimborfed and repaid by the fafa Company, or their Treafoter, to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or their respective Tfeafurer j and in Deftok of Payment thereof within Seten Days neat after Demand thereof in Writing shaft have been made by the Clerk of the said Commissiosm or Trustees, such Sum or Stuns of Money so paid by them foil and tostf be recovered of and from the feud Coftpany of their Ttw-forer, Clerk or Agent, by Addon Of Debt, in attf erf Hi* Mafetyi Action* Cotms of Record at Wefindnjltr; and in which Afttetf or Aftkmi.

no Effete, Protestton or Wager at Law, Of moit ihA doe balance, shall be allowed.

5^©E0.1IL

#27

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Dtftroying fh*M wMfuiW -and mibckuflv, and to the Prejudice of the fold Com- Work*, pany or of their Undertaking, break, throw down, destroy, take away, damage or injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Trunk,

VaHe, Syphon, Machine, Erection or Budding kid, placed, erected or set up by the kid Company, by virtue of the said recked Act* and this Act, or either of them, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution the several Powers and Authorities given to and vested in the said Company, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty af Felony; and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully eonVi&ed, shall be Cubjeft to the like Punishment and Penalties as in cxfea of Grand Larceny; and the Court by or before PunMhment. whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like manner a9 Felons are directed to be punidied by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in cases of Petty Larceny.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Directors Report of of the said Company shall, and they are hereby required, within One Work* to be Calendar Month after every Half Yearly General Meeting of the [*"|arr° ^es^# said Company, or oftener if required by the Right Honourable the f^thl Home* Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being, Department, to transmit to the said Secretary of State a Report in Writing, Half Yearly at signed by the Governor, Deputy Governor or one of the Directors

of the said Company, of the State of the said Company and of their Works, and the Means possessed by the said Company for securing the Continuance of their Operations, and such other matters relating to the Works and Proceedings of the said Company as the said Secretary of State shall from time to time require.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Stations and Works Sutioni and of the said Company shall be open at all convenient times for the Work* to bt Inspection and Examination of such Person or Persons as the said t^nfMaionof Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being shall perfoni tp-appoint from time to time for that Purpose; and the said Company pointed by the (haD, and they are hereby required, to conform to such Regulations Secretary of and Proceedings in the several Parts of their Works and Operations, State*

as well in respect of those already erected or executed, as of such as shall hereafter be ere died and executed, as the said Secretary of State shall consider necessary and proper, and shall direct to be adopted, for the better and more effectually lighting the several Parts of the Metropolis and the Suburbs, Liberties and Precincts thereof, where the Mains and Pipes of the said Company shall lie, and for more effectually securing a proper and permanent Supply of Gas for lighting the public Lamps therein, and for assisting and advancing the Benefits to be derived from an active and efficient Police, and for such other Purposes as to the said Secretary of State shall seem meet and proper for the Advantage of the Public.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Autho- 5° G. 3. cclxix. rities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Privileges, Penalties, #g. - c.cxvi Forfeitures, Clauses, Restrictions, matters and things whatsoever con-^thbAd to tained in the said recited Acts, so far as the same were in force at be cooftrued as the time of passing this Act, and so far as the same are not ex- one Ad. pressly altered or repealed by this Act, shall extend and be construed

to

8*8

56° GEO. III. A.D. 1816.

Public aa.

to extend and operate, and be in same with respect to the Sam a? Money allowed to be raised, and to the additional Sham to be made or created under this Act, and also with respect to all matim and things whatfeever, which may happen or anse in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes m if the lame and every Part thereof were repeated and rceiaftrd m tha Ad, and were made Part thereof; and the said recited Acts and this Act shall, as to all matters and things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be conftroed as one Ad.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deened and taken to be a public Ad, and shall be judicially Notice cf as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specuBy pleaded.

1.1816. 56° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 1 — 7.

829

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

D WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY* BE GIVEN IN

EVIDENCE.

B. To each of these Acts is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others."

Cap. I.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Alwinton, in the County of Northumberland.

[4th March 1816.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for inclosing the Common or Waftc Grbund, called Holton Mqfs or Moore Moss, within the Manor and Township of Moore9 in the County Palatine of Chester.

[and March 1816.]

Cap. 3.

An Act for ratifying and confirming certain Exchanges made under an Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blidworthf in the County of Nottingham.

[ 11 th April 1816. J

Cap 4.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thorp Arch and Wal-ton, in the County of the City of York* [nth April 181&]

Cap 3*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newbum9 in the County of Northumberland.

[1 ith April 1816.]

Cap 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Heaton9 in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

[1 ith April 1816«]

Cap. 7.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rifon9 in the County of tork.

[nth April 1816.]

JPr#C. 8 — 16.

50 0O. IIL

A.D. 1816.

Cap. 8.

An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands and Heredkament*, belonging to the Free Grammar School of King Edmmni the Sixth, in the Town or Borough of Grantham, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be frtrird upon the Trusts on which such Messuages, Lands and Heredkaaeats are held.

[2ift May iBrf.]

Cap p.

An Act for confirming and effeduating a Partition of a Meflhagt, Farm and Lands, called Westhourn, otherwise Wcjtbory Farms in the Parishes of Paddington, Kenhngtaa and Chel/ea, or same or one of them, in the County of MideUesea, in which the VetY RAer-eud WilTtam Beaumont Bujhy, Doctor in Divinity, and WiSfan Heroey Esquire, ban* undivided Moieties [a*l May 1818.]

Cap. 1 a.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of £cchik/MIr and especially within the Ty thing of Eqfi Woodhay othersrtfe Wy&ty, in the County of Southampton [21st May 1816 ]

Cap. ii«

An Act to commute for a Corn Rent the Ty thes sad Dues payable to the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Sant Mich+l upon Wore, in the County'Palatiifc of' Loot after

fitfUBgrrihd]

Cap W.

An Act for efibcting'an Exchange of an-Eftaje devifod bytht W5H of the Reterend Maury Zaacb for an Eftale befogging t» Mt Ltmtkar Esquire, in Fee Simple* [31ft. May 1816, ]

Cap jj.

An Act for ueftior, orvtain EfUtes so the Parish of Lade, the County of Tort* Part? of the £fUt*BB devised by tht Will of CkrUbfbaf\Otto Lordfiifiop ofan Trufaq^-tobe Sold, sad faatbjgafctPittfthe Money arising by such .Sate in the Ptvcbifcof other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. £ 31st May 1816.]

Cap 14*

An Act* for resting Parts df the fettfod EftatW of Staff*/ Aliafy Esquire, in the County of Chester % in a Trustee, to be sold $ asd for purchasing other Estates, <0 lye^settled to the same Ufa.

frift'JKy'iMj

Cap. 15.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Bortoick and Parish of tParton, in the Gounty Palatinfc otLandtfkr.

[31 ft May i8id]

Cap. 16.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the H*mfet of Alton, in tJjeRu&of Anil itk th^jCounty of Worcester [31st May rf id]

Cof.

>. 1816-

5G° GEO. IU.

Prva 17 — 26.

SSI

Cft>* IT*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wellington* in the 'ounty, of Somerset.

[^i^May i8i&]

Cap. i8,

Act for inclosing Leeds in the Manor of A/krigg, in the Parish »f Aifgarth and County of TerL [31st AT*816.]

Wiotmeia to The King for Right to Stone and Right, of Soil in AJfrrigg Pa&ure and Nemtbiggtn Pasture, § 16. Allotment to The King as Lord of Manor for Right of Soil of the other Lands to be divided, &c. under this Act, §8. Extract of so much of Award as relates to His Majesty. Allotments to be transmitted to Land Revenue Office^ § 38*.

Cap. 19*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of HomufoU+in the P^rish p£ Dronfield, in the County of Derby* [31st May 1816.] Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, § 21.

Cap. to*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of BrUJlvjtJflc* in the Parish of Thornhill, in the West Riding of the County of York*

[31st May 1816.]

Cap. 21.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the PariQies of Church Strata*, WM-anfioto and Edgton, in the County of Salop.

[31st May 1810.]

Cap. 22.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Pasiftiiof Loadtfbo-rough, in the , £aft. fading of the County of York*

[31st May 1816.]

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, f 21.

Cap. 23.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Whiflon, in the County of York* [31st May 1816.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Small Tithes, f 20. Great " Tithes absolute in the Manors of Whiflon an*J Morthen, , § 23. u Allotment and Compensation for Groat Tithes and l^oduflea in the " Minor of Morthen, $28.

Cap. 24.

An Act for inclosing Land! in the Manor of, Stainlind, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York.

[g; A May816.]

Proviso for His Majesty* Right to Tithes*..$56*

Cap. 25.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Saggqrt, in the County of'Dublin* [jtft.T*f

Cap. 26.

An Act formclosing Wifi Sc dgmoor in the County of Stmtrfct*'

[31st May 1816.] Cap

882

Pr. C. 27 — 34.

3<P GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Cap. 2^*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fe'ck+kins, the

County of Worcester.

[Maj 1816.]

Cap. 28.

An. Act for filling certain Land* and Heritages in the Shire of Berwick^entaileciby AfoV late Earl bf Roftberj, decesrkd, ferfty.*ment of the Balance of the Price of certain other Landspsrckfa? and eptailod by him; and for pure haling and entailing other Lands.more convenient to the family Estates.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. 29.

An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the WiH of Nttk1 Hyde Esquire, deceased# in Trustees, in Trail, to be sold, ud for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purdah of other Estates, ; t6 be settled to the same Uses as the Hates fa fold.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. 30.

An Act for making the Trustees of Prifca Coborn*s Charity a Body Corporate, and For enabling them to fell Part of the Estates belonging to the said Charity, and to apply the Money arising therefrom in manner therein mentioned, and to grant Building Leafs of other Part of the Estates belonging to the said Chanty, act to appoint new Trustees of such of the Copyhold Estates Woogwg to the said Charity as are not to be sold.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap 31

An Act for uniting the Redory of Great Birch, in the County of Essex, with the adjoining Redory of Little Birth, in the fasar County, after the next Avoidance of either Benefice.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. 32.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, and John Knight Efqnirr, of certain Lands in the County of Worcester.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. 33.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parities of NevucajUc nnJtrLju, Trentham, Woolftanton and Stoke upon Trent, in the County 0/ Stafford.

[20th June 1816.]

" Sale of The King's Allotment in Knutton lVaJley before or aftfr " Award, § 70* Tidies of Common Fields in Ne % i>castle?wkn-11 tinguished, § 89. Regulation as to Compensation for such M Tidies, and varying the Tithe Rents, § 95 — 101. Prosifo for w Mines to His Majesty within the Copyhold Part of the Common " Fields, $ 114.

Cap. 34.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Linds in tk Parish of Dalhamf in the County of Suffolk.

[20th June 1816.]

Allotment in Part Compenfiition for Tithes, § 26. Annoal Resu M in lieu of Tithes ascertained, § 43. When Tithes to case, #47.

A.D. 1816.

S6*-GEO. III.

Pr. C. 35 — 43,

Cap. 35.

An Act for in doling Lands within the Manors, Townships or Divi. lions of Strickland Kettle and Nether Stavely, in the Parish of Kirkby in KeifRal, in the County of Weflnorlqnd.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. 36.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sonning9 in the Counties of Berks and Oxford.

[20th June 1816.]

Proviso for Rights of Tithe Owners, § 47* Allotments in re--spect of Tithe free Lands to be Tithe free, f 48. Corn Rents in lieu of Tithes to Vicar ascertained, f 49 — 51. 53. Tithes payable till Award of Commissioners shall other wise direct, $ 52.

Cap. 37.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Arujlley9 in the County of Montgomery.

[20th June 1816.]

Cap. 38.

An Act for vetting certain Lands belonging to the Reverend Henry Chatfield9 in the Rector for the time being of the Parish of Bab combe in the County of Sussex9 in Exchange for the Parsonage House of Balcombe, and the Glebe Lands belonging to the Said Parish; and for enabling the said Henry ChatfieTd to build a new Parsonage House upon the first mentioned Lands.

[22d June 1816.]

Cap. 39.

An Act for establishing and effectuating an Exchange made between the Reverend Egerton Robert Neve9 Rector of Middleton Stoney9 in the County of oxford9 and the Mott Noble John Duke of Bedford9 and George Bainbridge Esquire, of Glebe and other Lands in Middleton Stoney aforesaid.

[22d June 1816.]

Cap. 40.

An Act for rendering valid the Sale of certain Estates in the County 49 3*c* 8f.

of Argyll9 and a Salmon Fishing in the County of Inverness9 of George Marquis of Tweeddale, made under the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty.

[25th June 1816.]

Cap. 41.

An Act for vetting Part of the Settled Estates of the Reverend Sir Charles John Anderson Baronet in the County of York9 in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[25th June 1816.]

Cap. 42.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of CorJbam9 in the County of Wilts.

[26th June 1816.]

Cap. 43.

An Act for vetting the undivided Parts or Shares of Robert Boyd the Younger, John Boyd and Uriah Boyd9 Infants, of and in certain settled Estates in the Parishes of Charlton and Woolwich, in

834 Pr. C. 43 — 47. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 1816.

the County of Kent, in Trustees for Sale, and for investing the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled 1 to the lame Ufea.

[1st July 1816.]

Cap. 44.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Framcir Boymim \ Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Prodoce ia or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances on the said Estates.
---
[2d July 1816.]

[19 G. 3. c. 48.]

Cap. 45.

An Act for effecting an Exchange of certain Settled Estates of John Wharton Esquire, for certain other Estates belonging to him in Fee Simple, situate in the Counties of York, Westmoreland and Durham.

[2d July 1816.]

[49 G.3. c.163.]

Cap 46.

An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Trust Estates devised by the Will of Philip Burton Esquire, deceased.

[2d July 1816.]

Cap. 47.

An Act for vesting a certain Settled Estate of Ann Sylvester and others,in Westcott over Westcott and Nether Westcott, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be sold for paying off Incumbrances thereon, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

[2d July 1816.]

[INDEX removed.]

