A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 1. C. i-iii. 223

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE*

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the ensuing Acts as are temporary will be known by referring to the following Lijl, according to the corresponding Betters in the Title of each A3.

(#) For 21 Years, &c.

[i. e. to the end of the then next Session] from a Day named in the Act.

(3) For 21 Years, &C. from the passing of the A3.

(c) For 21 Years, C5 c. after the End of the Term under former Acts. All Acts in this Lijl, not difinguished by the Letters (q. P.) are Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following. u And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed " and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken cc Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without u being specially pleaded."

(q. P.) Quasi Publick Acts, i. e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following. u And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed tc by the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof u by all Judges, Justices, and others."

Cap. i.

AN Act for extending the Term, and altering the Powers of an^c.xxiv. Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Bowyer, of Pall Mall, in the City tf Westminster, Esquire, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings,

Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance.

[19th February 1807.]

[Time for the disposing of the Collection extended to the Drawing of she First State Lottery after the passing of the A3, or the 4th of July subsequentd]

Cap. ii.

An Act to continue and amend Two A As, passed in the Fourth and 4 G. 3. c. 87, Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and 25 G. 3. c. 119. widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon, (c).

[17th March 1807.]

Cap. iii.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Fourth and 4 G. 3. 0.S2. Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road 25 G. 3. c. 121* from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chef erf eld to Derby, at or near a Place called Openwood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Depby. (c).

[17th. March 1807.]

3 Cap.

224

Civ — vii.

47° GEO. III. Sess. a.

A.D. 1807.

5 G. 3. c.S.

6 G. 3. c. 6.

10 G. 3. c. 29.

8 G. 3. c. 55. 10 G. 3. c. 60.

No Sewer shall be hereafter made or constru<sted in the said Limits, without Notice being sent to the Commissioners of Sewers.

Cap. iv.

An Act for extending to Sums of greater Amount than Forty Shillings, the Provisions of Three Acts, passed in the Fifth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of His present Majesty, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, Bromley and Beckenham, Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Leffness, in the County of Kent, and of Wallingt on, in the County or Surrey, and for amending the said Acts.

[17th March 1807.]

44 Jurisdiction extended to 5I.

Cap. v.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Eighth and Tenth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Christophers Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North-East End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge, (b).

[17th March 1807.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Honiton Turnpike Road, near Yard Farm, in the Parish of Upottery, in the County of Devon, to the Ilminster Turnpike Road, near the Village of Horton, in the Parish of Ilminster, in the County of Somerset. (a).

[17th March 1807.]

Cap. vii.

An Act to enlarge the Powers and extend the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex.

[17th March 1807 ]

44 Recital of Stat. 3 Jac. 1. c. 14. and 2 W. & M. c. 8. §14. — u Jurisdiction of the Commissioners extended to all Sewers West of London, as far as a certain Watercourse which divides Chelsea from Fulham, and to the Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. George Bloomsbury, St. Pancras, St. Mary-le-Bone, St. John Hampstead, 44 Wilfden, Paddington, Kenftngton, and Chelsea. § I. — Commissioners <c empowered to widen, deepen, and alter the present Sewers, and 4< to make new ones, See. §2.

III. And Whereas great Evils have arisen, and considerable Expence hath been and is still likely to be occasioned to the said Commission, by the improper Construction of new Sewers, to carry off the Water and Soil from Lands and Buildings into the Sewers under f the Management of the said Commissioners, and from bad and improper Materials being used therein, previously to the same new Sewers being taken under the Management of the said Commissioners, whereby the same are liable soon to fall into Decay, and become a 4 Nuisance to the Inhabitants and other His Majesty's Subjects be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That, previous to the making of any new Sewer in any Street, Lane, or publick Way, or in any Part intended to be or become a Street, Lane, or publick Way within the Limits of the said Commission, or which shall be intended to carry or drain off Water from any House, Building, Yard, or Ground, into any Sewer under the Management or within the Jurisdiction of the said Commission of Sewers, Notice in Writing shall be

C. vii — xL

225

given to the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits aforesaid for the Time being, or to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, at their Office;

[Publick Act.]

Sand that such new Sewer or Sewers shall be constructed and made in such Manner and Form, and with such Materials and Workmanship, under the Survey and Controul and according to the Direction of the said Commissioners of Sewers, their Surveyor or other Person by them duly authorized, and not otherwise; or in Default thereof the said Commissioners, or any Six of them, may cause such Sewer to be prostrated, demolished, put down, corrested, amended, reformed, or rebuilt, as the Case may require, after their Wisdom and Discretion, and shall and may cause the Expence thereof to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making or causing to be made such Sewer contrary to this Statute, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Six of them, or may otherwise punish such Offender or Offenders by Fines, Amerciaments, Pains, or other like Means as are provided by any of «the Statutes of Sewers in case of Nonpayment of Taxes or Assessments, taxed or assessed under and by virtue of such Statutes, or any of them. u §4.

Cap. viii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers

of an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, ^zG. 3. for repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Chapel-en-le-Frith, to, or near to, Enterclough Bridge, in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, and in the County Palatine of Chester. (b).

[23d March 1807.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the

Sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for 6 G. 3. repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Corner to Waif all 27 G. 3. and Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocher Hilly and several other Roads in the County of Stafford, so far as' the same relate to the Two first Districts of Road therein comprized, (r).

[23d March 1807.]

Cap. x.

An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the

Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for^q^taking down and rebuilding the Body of the Parish Church of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and for repairing the Tower thereof and building a Vfry Room near or adjoining to tire said Church, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act.

[23d March 1807.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the

Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth and Thirty-seventh 30 G. Years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain 37 G.; Roads in the County of Fife, and for making and keeping in Repair several other Roads in the said County.

[9th April 1807.]

47 Geo. III. Q Cap.

c. iaS.

c. 99* c. 90.

c, iv;

3- c* 93-3. c. 180.

226

C. xii — xx.'

A.D. 1807.

Sec former Act. 37 G. 3. c. 52.

25 G. 2. c. 34.

5G.3 <*56-

ijG. 3- c. 69.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 1.

Cap. xii*

An Act for further regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Fife, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said County.

[9th April 1807 .3

Cap. xiii.

An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour, in the Counties of RoJ's and Cromarty, and that Part of the County of Nairn which is locally situated in the County of Ross; and for more effectually making and repairing the Roads and Bridges within the same; and for making and maintaining the great Poll; Road from the Confines of Inverncfsffoire to the Confines of the Shire of Sutherland. (5).

[9th April 1807.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Birmingham and Hamlet of Deritend thereto adjoining, in the County of Warwick.

[9th April 1807.]

Jurisdiction extended to 5I.

Cap. xv.

An Act for enlarging the Church-yard belonging to the Parish of Saint Martin, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for providing an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground for the Dfe of the said Pari/Ji.

[9th April 1807.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, arid altering* and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts. passed in the Fifth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Porthdethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesey. (b.)

[9th April 1807.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)

[9th April 1807.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Corfenfide, within the Manor of Ridsdale, in the County of Northumberland. (q. P.)

[9th April 1807.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Irjlead, in the County of Norfolk, (q P.)

[9th April 1807.]

Cap. XX.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Liberty or Township of Basford\ in the Parish of Chcddleton, in the County of Stafford. (q.P.)

[23d March 1807.]

Cap.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess.i. xxi — xxvii. 227

Cap. xxi.

An Act for vesting in new Trustees certain Trull Estates comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Venables Lord Vernon, with Loulfa Barbara Lady Vernon his late Wife. (q. P.) [25th March 1807.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for amending, altering, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, to the respective Towns of Margate and Ramsgate, in the Me of Thanet, in the said County; and for reducing, for a limited Time, the Tolls and Duties now payable at Sandwich Bridge, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His late 23 G. 2. c. 55. Majesty. (a) [25th April 1807.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for repealing Two Acts made in the Eighth and Eleventh 8 G. 3. c.; q. Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Reads leading ^al^d* through the County of Selkirk, and for the better making and ^ea e repairing the said Roads, and other Roads in the said County, (b.)

[25 th April 1807.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for repealing Two Acts, made in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth 4.G. 3. c. 85. Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road 25 G- 3- c. 120. from Scots Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the RePeaicti-Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremoss, in the County of Roxburgh, and for the better making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road. (a).

[25th April 1807.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Foxley Hatch, in the Parish of Croydon, into the Town of Rsigate, in the County of Surrey. (b).

[25th April 1807.]

Compensation made to Trustees of Sutton Roads under 28 G. 2.

4C c. 28. 10 G. 3. c. 84, and 39 iff 40 G. 3. c. cxii. §66.

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

Powers, of Two Acts, ' passed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years 5 G. 3. c, iot* of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Little 3* c* ll1* Bridge over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Ropet's Fields and the Bell Inn in Wisbeach, and the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of the Bear in WaVoken, in the County of Norfolk, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned. (c).

[25th April 1807.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years 5 G. 3. c. 93. of His present Majesty, for repairing federal Roads leading from G. 3. 0.136* the Town of Minehead, and from Dunjler and Watchet, in the County of Somerset, and for improving certain other Roads therein described, in the said County. (a).

[23th April 1807.]

Q 2 Cap.

i28

C. xxviii.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 1.

A.D. 1807.

Grant of King Ldward 6, 2btn June 1552.

Agreement 15th June 1782 between the City and the Hospitals.

S2 G. 3. c. 77.

Chapel from Time immemorial.

Cab. xxviii.

An Act for granting to the Chapel lately rebuilt in the Royal Hospital of Bridewell, all the Rights and-Privileges belonging to the former Chapel of the said Hospital, lately taken down.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS by certain Letters Patent bearing Date at WeJI-'^minster, the Twenty-sixth Day of June, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, and in the Year of oitr f Lord One thousand five hundred and fifty-two, the said King did

give and grant unto the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of c the City of London, and their Successors, (among other Things) all

that his Manor, Chief Messuage, Tenement, and Mansion House,

called bridewell otherwise Bridewell Place) with all and singular its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, situate, lying, and being c in the Parish of Saint Bride, Fleet Street) in London, upon the special charitable Trulls in the said Letters Patent mentioned and set forth

4 And Whereas by virtue of the Laws, Ordinances, and P egulations,

made and now in force, concerning the said Hospital of Bridewell, c and of certain Articles of Agreement bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and made or expressed to be made between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions,

4 Revenues and Goods of (with other Hospitals therein mentioned)

the said Hospital called Bridewell) and the President, Treasurer, and

acting Governors of the same Hospital; and of an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

4. An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement ( between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London,

4 Governors of the Possessvns, Revenues) and Goods of the Hospitals of Edward King of England ihe Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and of the Hospitals of Henry the Eighth, King of

England, called The House of the Poor) in West Smithfield, near London, and of the House and Hospital called Bethlehem, and the PresidentS) Treasurers, and acting Governors of the said several Hof pit ah, the actual Government, Ordering, Management, and Disposition of the said Hospital of Bridewell, and of the Estates, Possessions,

4 Revenues, Business, and Concerns thereof, were committed and confirmed to, and are now veiled in and executed by certain Persons styled 4£ The President, Treasurer, and Governors of the United 4f Hospitals of Bridewell and Bethlehem f con filling of the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City for the Time being, and of Twelve of, the Common Councilmen of the said City for the Time being,

appointed such Governors by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled, and of several other Persons elected such Governors at General Courts or Committees holden for the said Hospitals of Bridewell and Bethlehem, according to the Rules and Orders in that Behalf: And Whereas there hath been within the said Hospital of Bridewell, from Time immemorial, a Chapel for the Spiritual Use and Edification of the several Pe.fons inhabiting within the said Hospital of Bridewell and the Precinct thereof, called Bridewell Precinct, in which Chapel the Service of the Church of England, as by Law established, hath been regularly performed, the Sacraments of such Church duly

admijoift^red*

A.D. 18c>7«

47° GEO. III. Sess. 1.

C. xxviii.

29

administered, and Marriages solemnized by a Minister of the said Church: And Whereas the said Chapel, on account of its decayed Former Chapel State, hath been lately taken down, and another Chapel built within the Distance of a few Yards from the Scite of the former Chapel

4 And Whereas in consequence of the present Chapel having been so eredfed upon a Scite of Ground in some Degree different from that occupied by the former Chapel, Doubts have arisen whether Mar riages, solemnized therein, would be valid and legal for the Removal of which Doubts, be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when and as soon as the said Chapel, so lately built in the said Hospital of Bridewell, shall be duly consecrated, according to the Ul'age of the United Church of England and Ireland, it shall and may be lawful, to and for the officiating Miniiler for the Time being in the said Chapel, the Form of to publish Banns of Matrimony therein, and to solemnize Marriages an

therein, according to the Form of Solemnization of Matrimony con- v lovno.iso tained in the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of England and Ireland, and not otherwise; and in pursuance of the Provisions and Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages, and all Marriages so solemnized in the said Chapel, shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the Law, as if such Marriages had been solemnued in the antient Chapel, so taken down as aforesaid, and a Register of every such Marriage, ora Copy thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity, as Evidence of such Marriage in such and the like Manner, as the Register of any Marriage, solemnized in any Parish Church is received in Evidence.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Chapel so lately Chapel shall be

puller down a ir] pteienc rebuilt on a Scite a few Yards dist.int from the former. y Doubts as to Validity of Marriages.

A.frer present Chapel shall he >; .-nfeented. Marriages shall b solemnized tueiein, according to

26 G. 3. c. 33.

Rights, See. of the former Chapel.

rebuilt, shall have and be entitled to all and singular the Rights, entuhd t > all th Privileges, and Immunities, possessed by the ancient Chapel, so taken down of the said Hospital of Iriee welly and the Precinct thereof, in as full, ample and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes; and such new Chapel shall be maintained, repaired, a d supported in such and the like Manner as the fa ancient Chapel, lately taken down, was maintained, repaired, and supported.

I [I. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Chaplain shall be and for the President, Treasurer, and Governors for the Time being annually elected of the United Hospitals of bridewell arid Eethleheniy annually to eleCl before^olte<* an officiating Chaplain for the said Chapel, and to provide for the Support of such Chaplain at their own Difcr-tion out of the Funds and Revenues of the said Hospital of Bridewell, in such and the like Maimer as the said President, Treasurer, and Governors were enabled to elect an officiating Chaplain of the said ancient Chapel so taken down, and to provide for the Support of such Chaplain: And the said Preident, Treasurer, and Governors for the Time being, shall have, hold, exercise, and enjoy such and the like Rights, Powers,

Privileges, and Immunities, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions with respect to such Chapel so lately built, as the said President, Treasurer, and Governors had held, exercised, and enjoyed, and were subject ana liable to3 with respect to such ancient Chapel so taken down.

Q 3 Cap.

Governors shall fiefs the same.R ights with >elp=: <ff to the present, as to the ancient Chapel.

230

C xxix.

47° GEO. III. Sess. i.

A.D. 1807.

i rg. 3. c. 27

15 G. 3. c. 46.

3 7 G. 3. c. 48.

No Person shall fish between loU.October and loth January, vor between Pen on Saturday Night and Two t'M Monday Morning, nor in the Mv-urfi of i*h- Rive Per..dry 30b to iq].

Cap. xxix.

An Act to amend and render more effectual Three Acts, made in the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of the Fisheries of the River Tweed.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, certain Provisons and Regulations were established for the Preservation, and Improvement of the said Fisheries: And Whereas another Act was made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River

£ And Whereas another Act was made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering,

( amendingi and rendering more effectual Two Acts made in the Eleventh

and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the ( Regulation and Improvement of the Fisheries in the River Tweed,

and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and also within

6 the Mouth or Entrance of the said River: And Whereas it has been found by Experience that the Penalties for killing Fish within i the Periods prohibited by the said Acts of the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, have, from the increased Price ' of Fish, become totally inadequate to the Purpose intended; and it is therefore expedient that the Amount of the Penalties should be encreased: And Whereas it is expedient more effectually to detest ' and prevent all unlawful Modes of fishing and taking Fish in the said

Rivers and Streams, to appoint Water Bailiffs, and to grant a Rate or Assessment upon the Rent of the said Fisheries for their Payment,

and to make further Regulations for the Protection and Improvement of the said Fisheries: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to fish for any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, or any Fish denominated Red Fish in any antient Grants of Fishing, in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, at any Time or Times between the Tenth Day of Octobery in any Year, and the Tenth Day of January^ in the Year following, or between Ten of the Clock on Saturday

Eight and Two of the Clock on Monday Morning, nor shall it be lawful, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, for any JErfcn or Persons, excepting as herein after excepted, to fish for any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, Whitling, or Red Fish, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed; and in case any Person or Persons shall fish contrary to the Prohibitions aforesaid, every such Person or Persons io offending, shall, for every fuel*

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. r. C. xxix. a31

Offence, forfeit arid pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff Depute, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, Whitling, or Red Fish taken, together with the Fish so taken, and the Boats, Tackle, Nets,

Engines, and other Devices made use of in fishing for any such Fish; and the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, shall order and direct such Boats, Tackle, Nets, Engines, and, other Devices la be cut in Pieces, burnt, or other wise destroyed.

II. And be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall buy or fell, NoPeifon shall or have in his or their Custody or Possession any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon ieI1 or know.ngly Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, knowing the same to have been jilted killed or taken in the said River Tweedy or in any River, Rivulet, Time.

Penalty iol. to 5U

To prevent the Dettru^lion of

Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweed, within the Periods, of the Annual or Weekly Close Times before mentioned, or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River; and every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, for every such Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the pairing of this Act, no Person or Persons shall place, lay, set, continue, or draw, any Net, Creel, Hamper, Engine, or other Device whatsoever, in a

the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, p-ntIiry or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which communicates 30!. to 10U with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance thereof,

in order to kill or take any Spawn, Fry, or young Brood, of any such Fish as aforesaid, nor purchase or have in his, her, or their t

Possession, any such Spawn, Fry, or young Broad, between the

First Day of April, and the First Day of June in any Year; and

in case any Person or Persons shall act contrary thereto, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty

Pounds, and not less than Ten Pounds, for every Parcel of Spawn,

Fry, or young Brood of Fish, caught by him, her, or them, or which, though not caught by him, her, or them, shall be found in his, her, or their Possession, between the said First Day of April and the said First Day of June*

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of To prevent this Act, no Person or Persons shall beat the Water, or place or set beating rh<» any white Gbje6I, or any other Thing whatsoever, in, over, or Water, and across the said River Tweed, or in, over, or across any River, of Rivulet, Brook or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, the Run Fish, which communicates with the said River Tweed, or in the Mouth or Penalty Entrance of the said River Tweedy so as to prevent the said Fish 3°l- to 1A from entering the said River Tweedy or from going up and down the said River, or any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut aforesaid, nor shall by any other Ways, or in any other Manner, prevent the said Fish from entering the said River, and going up and down the said Rivers and Waters before described; and every Person offending contrary thereto, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten. Pounds.

Q4

C. xxix. 47° GEO. III. Sess. i. A.D. 1807.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons within Five Miles of the said River Tweed, or of any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, communicating' with the said River Tweedy shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, at any Time or Times, between the said Tenth Day of October., and Tenth Day of January, the Proof that such Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, was not taken or killed in the said River. Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook ., or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which communicates with the said. River Tweed, between the said Tenth Day of October, and Tenth Day of January, shall lie upon the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same lh all be found.

Warrants to be

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Justice fe uxh U!e or Ju^ces5 or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, at any Time or Times after

Cans &c the Passing this upon Information in Writing upon Oath

of Carriers, &c. to or them made, and he or they is and are hereby required to authorize and directs, by Warrant under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, in England, or his or their Hand or Hands in Scotland, any Eligh or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, and any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five, to be i'evevally named and described in such Warrant, to search the Carts, or other Vesseles of Carriers and Higlers, for all Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, and Whitling, or Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of Fish, caught contrary to the Provisions of this or any of the above recited Acts, and the same, on Discoyery, to seize and carry away.

For the

VII. And for the further Prevention of illegal Pradfices com-

Prcv.nion of < mitted by idle and disorderly Persons, in and upon the aforesaid illegal Practices, < Fisheries, and of the §ale of the Fish taken and caught by Means 01 ' thereof, ' be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act,

upon Complaint, and Information in Writing, upon Oath, made to any One or more Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, that the Informant hath probable Cause to suspect and believe, and doth suspect and believe, that any Person or Persons within the Jurisdiction of the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff, before whom the Information is laid, not being Owners or Occupiers of any Fishery or Fisheries. or otherwise entitled to fish in the said River Tweed, or 1 within the Mouth pr Entrance thereof, or on the Shore beyond the.

Mouth or Entrance of the same, or in the Rivers pr Streams running into the same,) hath or have in his or their Possession or Custody any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, 'which have been illegally taken or caught contrary to the Provisions of this or any former Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices, and Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby required to authorize and direct, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, ' or Hands and Seals in England, or his or their Hand or Elands in Scotland, any High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, to ex- amine and search the Packages, Baskets, or Hampers of any such Person or Persons, at any Place or Places where they may be found,

' 9*

232

Persons having Fish in theh P..{T iTi n in C<ole Time, to piove, if required, tt at they u ere not caught in the Tweed,

C.Xxixo

233

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 1.

or at the Market where the same are exposed or offered for Sale; and if upon such Search any Salmon, Qilfe, Salmon Trout, Ball Trout, or Whirling, shall be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such High or Petty Con (table, or Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, to seize the same, and the Packages, Baskets, or Hampers in which they shall be found, and to put and place the same in some secure Place or Places for the safe Custody thereof; and to bring the Body or Bodies of the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found before the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute respectively, to arffwer and account for the same: and the Proof that the Fish (so found upon Search as aforesaid) were taken by any Person or Persons legally entitled to fish for the same shall lie upon the said Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found, and if he, she, or they shall fail to make good the same, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom he, she, or they shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall, on Conviction, severally forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor lets than Ten Pounds, at the D'ifcretion of the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom the Conviction shall be had, and aiio the Fish so taken, and the Package^, Baflcets or Hampers, that contain the same.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Occupier and Occu- Bats, Nets, &c, piers of any Fishery or Fisheries in the said River Tweedy or in the^|i^r^mov'crl Rivers and Streams running into the same, and of Fisheries, being cu.fe Timely Property, in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, I hall, and they the Occupier? and each and every of them is and are hereby required to remove ot Fthcries. and carry away from their several Fishings, Fishing Shields, Boat Stands, Net Greens, Landing Places, and the Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto, all Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle, used and employed by them in the taking and killing such Fish as aforesaid, on or before the Thirteenth Day of October in every Year, to be named by the Commissioners or Overseers hereby appointed, to some Place or Places where the same can be securely lodged and kept so as to prevent their being used in fishing, and there to remain until the Seventh L ay of January, in the following Year; and in case any such Occupier or Occupiers shall retufe or neglect to remove all and every such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle as aforesaid, and the same, so removed, to keep secured from the said Fisheries and Premises at the Time aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so refilling or neglecting, on being convicted thereof before any one or more such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Ff not removed such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, upon Appli- by them, t -be cation to him or them made in Writing, under the Hands of any Two or more of the Proprietors or Occupiers of Fisheries in the 'Ju

said River Tweed, and he and they is and are hereby directed and re-. quired to authorize and direct, by Warrant under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals in England, and under his and their Eland or Hands in Scotland, any High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, or Water Bailiff or Water BaiLffs to be appointed under the Authority of this A<ff, and any Number of iWfons not

exceeding

2 34

C. xxix.

Mitigation «f

Penalties

retrained.

For Regulation &c.

47° GEO. III. Sess.i. A.D. 1807.

exceeding Five, to be fevernlly named and described in the Warrant, to search between the Thirteenth Day of October, and the Seventh Day of January, in every Year all and every the Fishery and Fisheries, Fishing Shields, Boat Stands, Net Greens, Landing Places, and the Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto, and all such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle, as they shall find upon such Search, to remove and carry away to some Place or Places, where the same can be securely lodged and kept, till the Seventh Day of January, in the following Year, at the Expence of the said Owner or Owners; and if the Owner or Owners thereof shall be known or found, to bring him, her, or them, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found, before the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute respectively, to answer and account for the same; and every such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, respectively, upon due Proof thereof, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, over and above the Expences of such Proceeding; and if the Owner or Owners thereof, or Person or Persons who placed, occupied, or used the same, cannot be found, then the said Constable, peace Officer, Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, and Persons authorized as aforesaid, shall cause public Notice to be given on the Church or Chapel Door of the P'arish, Township, or Place where the same shall be found, and if the same shall not be owned within Eh ht Days thereafter, the same shall be carried before the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, who directed the Search for the same; and the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, respectively, shall proceed to condemn the same, on Proof that no Person or Persons had laid Claim thereto, and may and shall order all such Boats, Oars, Engines, and other Tackle to be burnt, cut in Pieces, or otherwise destroyed; and if in pursuance of such Sea; ch, such High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, and such Persons so appointed as aforesaid, shall find the Door of any Fishery, Shield or Out-house locked up, and upon Request the Occupier shall refuse to open the same, it shall be lawful for the said Peace Officer, and other Persons aforesaid, to break open the said Door and search for all such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle as aforesaid, and if found, to dispose of the same in Manner herein-before directed.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to, nor in the Power of the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom any Conviction, with regard to the Weekly Close Time, shall be made, to mitigate the Penalties herein contained, in relation thereto, to a less Sum than the highest Rate, unless the Offence shall have been committed within Half an Hour after Ten of the Clock on Saturday Night, or after One of the Clock on Monday Morning, in which Case the Penalty may be mitigated as herein-before directed.

XI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of thiS( Act, all Mill Dams, Dikes, Wears, and other permanent Obstructions to the Run of the Fiffi in the said River Tweed, or any River or Rivulet, Brook or Stream, running into the same, shall be so altered

and constructed as to permit and allow of the free Run of the Fish over them in the ordinary and mean State of such Rivers or Rivulets, Brooks or Streams, and in case the Proprietors or Occupiers of such Mill Dams, Dikes, Wears, and Obstructions, shall neglect so to alter and construct them, it shall and may be lawful to the Commissioners,

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 1. C. xxix. 235

or Overseers, herein after mentioned, or any Three or more of them, to fend a Requisition in Writing to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the same, so to alter them within Fourteenfpavs after such Requisition shall be made, and in Default thereof, it mall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and Overseers, or any Three or more of them, to order and direct such Alteration to be made at; _ the Expence of the Proprietors of the same, such Expence tpijbe levied and recovered in the same Manner as is herein after directed*

\vith respect to the levying and recovering of Penalties and % fr?r-feitures. I '*

XII. And be it enacted, That if in the U.fe of Pout Nets used taken in for the taking of Trout, the Person or Persons using the same shall take any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitiing, he, prop, ictor or she, or they shall restore the same to the Proprietor or Occupier of the Occupier of the Fishery, upon Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, Fishing, nor less than Five Pounds, for every Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout,

Bull Trout, or Whitiing, detained or appropriated by him, her, or them.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Per- No Nets, son or Persons not authorized by Licence or Leave in Writing, under Leifters, &c. the Hand of any Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, of^ tobe used, any Fishery in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook wltbuutL, Cc, 5cc-or Stream, running into the same, to fish with or use any Net or

any Leifter, Salmon Spear, or similar Engine, and the Person or Persons convicted of offending herein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, and the Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted, shall order and direct such Nets, Leifters, or Salmon Spears, to be burnt, cut to Pieces, or otherwise destroyed.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person No Persons not or Persons within Five Miles of the said River 2 'weedy or of any River authorized to Rivulet, Brook or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, com- p^the municating with the said River Tweed, not duly authorized by ^cts or Engine* Licence or Leave in Writing, under the Hand of any Owner or a fore fa id, under Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Fishery in the said River a Penalty. Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, running into the same, to have in his, her, or their Possession, except for the Purpose of manufacturing or felling the same, or repairing the same, forv some Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of Fisheries in the said River Tweed, or some River, Rivulet, Brook or Strcam, running into the same, any of the Nets or Engines herein-before mentioned; and the Person or Persons convicted of offending herein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds: And the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted, shall order and direct such Nets pr Engines to be burnt* cut in Pieces, or otherwise destroyed.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Justice Search Warrant* or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, upon Information in t > be granted Writing, upon Oath to him or them made, and he and they is and are I°r theie. hereby required to authorize and direct, by Warrant, under his and

their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals in England, or his or their Hand or Hand? in Scotland, any High or Petty Constable or other Peace

236

C. xxir.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 1.

The Names of

Proprietors to be painted on Boats.

Saving of Rights to Man< rs, Seigniories, and Royahifj>, wii hin ft e Mouth or Entrance uf (tie River Tweed.

Peace Officer, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, or other Person or Persons not exceeding Five, to be specially named and described in the Warrant, to search in the Day Time the Houses of Persons not duly authorized to use or have in their Possession any of the Nets or Engines herein-before mentioned, and the same on Discovery to seize and carry away.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all and every Boat or Boats hereafter To be used in the Fisheries aforesaid, shall have, upon some conspicuous Place thereof the Name of the Proprietor or Proprietors painted thereon, in Letters of Two Inches in Length, upon Failure wherein the Proprietor of every such Boat shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

XVII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That nothing herein contained shall in any wise prejudice or affect the Right of the Owners or Proprietors, Tenants or Occupiers of Fisheries, or the Right of any other Person or Persons who now are, or at any Time or Timfs hereafter {ball or may be seised, possessed of, or entitled to, any Manors, Seigniories, or Royalties, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or upon the Shores beyond the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the same, but that all and every such Owners and Proprietors, Tenants or Occupiers and other Person or Persons last mentioned shall have and enjoy all such Right of fishing, within the said Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or upon the Shores beyond the Limits of the same, as they have hitherto lawfully exercisetl and enjoyed, or could or might have lawfully enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made, so as such Right be used and exercised at such Times and Seasons only, under such Regulations, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures as are herein-before directed concerning the Fisheries in the said River Tweed, and within the Mouth or Entrance thereof, and the Shores beyond the same; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

" Commissioners and Overseers of the Fithings appointed and em-<f powered to levy Rates to pay Expences of the Execution of this " Act. §18 — 31.

Former Acts Continued, except as altered.

Persons

aggrieved By the Act of any Justice, mav appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, Exceptions, Limitations, Forms of Convidlionand Certificate thereof (mutatis mutandis) Matters and Things in the said Three recited Acts, or in any of them contained, and not altered by this Act, shall be deemed and taken to extend, and shall extend to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were here again repeated and re-enacted.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, given in virtue of any of the Powers granted by this Act, or by any of the said recited Acts, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, where such Judgment shall be given, at their then next Ge- neral Quarter Sessions, but no such Appeal shall be received, heard, or determined, unless the Appellant or Appellants shall first give, or cause to be given, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing, to the Justice or Justices from whole Judgment, Sentence, or Determination, he, she, or they shall appeal, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such

Appeal,

CXXIX.

237

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 1.

Appeal, and shall also enter into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of such Justice or Justices; and the said Justices at their said Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and of such Recognizance having been entered into as aforesaid, shall hear and determine every such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award and order to the Party, for whom and in whose Behalf such Appeal shall be determined, such Costs and Charges as they in their Discretion shall think reasonable and just, to be paid by the Party or Parties against whom such Appeal shall be determined, and in case such Costs and Charges shall not be paid within the Space of Six Days, the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons ordered to pay the same; and if the Person or Persons ordered to pay such Coifs shall happen to remove, or go into any County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court where such Appeal shall be brought or heard, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of or for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Person shall inhabit or be found, and every such Justice of the Peace is hereby required, upon Request to him for that Purpose to be made, and a true Copy of the Order for the Payment of such Costs and Charges produced, and proved by some credible Witness upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), by Warrant in due Form of Law, to cause the Money mentioned in such Order to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Pe son that shall be ordered and ought to pay the same; and the Determination of the said Justices at such Quarter Session shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever: And that all and every And those-Person anc aggrieved of any of

recited Acts, may appeal to the Lords of Justiciary in the next Cir- appeal to the

cuit Court of the Circuit wherein such County or Shire shall lie, in Lords of the Way, Manner, and Form, and under and upon the Limitations clrcuim

and Conditioqsprescribed by and contained in an Act of Parliament ircul

passed in the ^Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty,

for taking away and abolifiling the Heritable Jurisdictions in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

1 Persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves, 4gg, eyed bT by any Judgment of any Sheriff Depute, given in virtue the Powers granted by this Act, or by any of the said nJlr. mm- '

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Penalties or Forfeitures for Recovery and Offences against this Act, the Mode of Recovery whereof is not by A?p-'aiion of this Act other wise particularly provided, may be levied and recovered ^enalrics and by Distress and Sab of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, before any olftltures* one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, or before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff Depute, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, where the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, either by the

3JS C. xxixf47° GEO. III. Seffl l. A.D. 1807.

v Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more Witness or Witnesses, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, or by Warrant or Warrants in due Form of Law of such Justice or Justices, and Sheriff Depute, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, (all which Warrants such Justice, Justices, and Sheriff Depute, are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer such Oath or Oaths,) and the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be so levied and paid shall from Time to Time be applied, One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, Town-Jf the Proportion ship, or Place; and in case the Proportion of the Penalties directed of Penalties, to be paid or applied to such Overseers shall not be claimed in Six <hreaed to be Months from the Date of the Conviction or Convictions, the Whole

ben Jtd e ma nd^d aPP^ec^ to the Informer or Informers; and the Justice or

in Six Months, Justices, or Sheriff Depute, by or before whom any Conviction shall the Whale to be made, shall direct his or their Clerk or Clerks within Twenty-one

the Informer* Days after the Date of the Conviction, to intimate the same to the

Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place, as may be entitled to a Proportion of the Penalties as aforesaid, and the Overplus remaining (if any) after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Costs and Charges attending the levying and recovering thereof are deducted shall, on Demand, be returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid in Fourteen Days after such Distress, that then it shall be lawful for such Justice, Justices, and Sheriff Depute, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to commit every such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months or less than Three Calendar Months, as the said Justice or Justices and Sheriff Depute upon Consideration of the Circumstances shall think fit.

Limitations of

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall Actions against be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing execuHng this done or to he done by virtue of this Act within that Part of Great in England. Britain called England, the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, until after Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be intended to be so brought, or left at his or their last or usual Places of Abode, setting forth the Cause of such Action; and that every Action brought for any Thing done or to be done as aforesaid shall be brought within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and be laid and tried in the County or Place where the FaCl was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by virtue hereof; and if on the Trial of such Action it shall appear that the lame was brought before the Expiration of Fourteen Days next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall have

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Self. 1. C. xxix, xxx. 239

arisen, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, that then and in any of the Cases aforesaid the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all Cases where a Verdict shall be found far the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue the same after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or shall be nonsuited, or if, upon Demurrer,

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have Treble Co ft s, and have the TreMe Costs to-like Remedies for recovering the same as Defendants have for recover- Dcfcnctanrs. ing their Costs in other Cases by Law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Prose- Mode of

cution for any Offence or Offences against this Act in that Part of m

Great Britain called Scotland, shall be, by Way of summary Petition f Scotland^ or Complaint, to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or to

the Sheriff Depute for the County where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action shall be Limitation of brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be Adfciuns, under done, by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of the said former Acts, lhlrs or formet made in the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and ThirtyTeventh Years of His scotUad present Majesty, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless

such Action shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and in all such Actionsthe Defendant or Defendants, if absolved or affoitzied from the Action, shall have and be entitled to full Costs of Suit*

4< Public AdL §37*

Cap. xxx.

An Act to enable The Globe Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS several Persons have formed themselves into a Society or Partnership, under the Name of The Globe Insurance Company, and have subscribed very considerable Sums, in order to carry on the Business of infunng Houses, and other Property, from Loss or Damage by Fire; to effect Insurances on Lives, and r to grant and purchase Annuities: And Whereas the Public hath f been greatly benefited by the Formation of such Society or Partnership, with a competent Capital to carry on the same, and a considerable Revenue is derived to His Majesty therefrom: And Whereas Difficulties have ariien, and may from Time to Time arise, as well in recovering Debts, which may grow due to the said Society or Partnership, called The Globe Insurance Company, as in prosecuting Persons who may steal or embezzle the Property of, or who may commit, or be guilty of any other Offence against, or with Intent to

injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership; as by Law all the several Subscribers or Proprietors to and in such Society or Partnership mull, in such Cases, sue and prosecute by their several and distinct Names and Descriptions: And whereas an Act was passed in

the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 17 G. 3. <?. zS*

for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the better Protection

24°

C. xxx.

Soits may be mIs ituted in the Name of the 'Iioafurer.

This Act shall not incorporate the Society, or dit'chnrge them fioni

ResponsibiJiiy.

47° GEO. III. Seff-t. A.D. 1807.

of Infants against such Grants $ whereby it was and is required, that a

Memorial of every Instrufnent granting any such Annuity or Rent

Change as is therein mentioned, should, within the Time therein ' mentioned, be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery \ and that such Memorial should, among other Particulars, contain the Names c of all the Parties, and for whom any of them were Trustees: And

Whreeas the said Society or Partnership, by reason of the Number c of Persons who are or may be interested therein, is unable to comply

with the Requifttions of the said Act in the last mentioned Respect,

and is prevented thereby from rendering the Contracts of the said 1 Society or Partnership for the Purchase or Sale of Annuities effectual and valid; Wherefore, for the more easily carrying into Execution

the several Undertakings herein-before mentioned, and for removing the Difficulties aforesaid, may it please Your Majesty that it may c be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Actions and Suits to be commenced or instituted by or on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership against any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall or lawfully may be commenced or instituted and prosecuted in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership, as the nominal Plaintiff or Plaintiffs for and on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership; and that all Prosecutions to be brought or instituted by or on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership for Fraud upon or against, or for Embezzlement, Robbery of, or dealing the Property of the said Society or Partnership, or for any other Offence committed against, or with Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership, shall or lawfully may be so brought or instituted, and carried on, in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and in all Indictments and Informations it shall be lawful to state the Property of the said Society or Partnership to be the Property of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and any Offence committed with Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership shall and lawfully may in such Prosecution be laid to have been committed with Intent to injure or defraud the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and any Offender or Offenders may thereupon be lawfully convicted of any such Offence, and the Death, Resignation or Removal, or other Act of such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall not abate any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed, construed, or taken to extend, to incorporate the said Society or Partnership; or to relieve or discharge the said Society or Partnership, or any of the Members thereof, or Subscribers thereto respectively, from any Responsibility, Contracts., Duties, or Obligations whatsoever, which by Law they may now, or at any Time hereafter, be subject or liable to, either as between such Society or Partnership and others, or between the or any of the individual Members of such Society or Partnership and others, or among themselves, or in any other Manner whatsoever.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess.x. C. xxx — xxxv.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Society or Partnership to inrol, in the High Court of Chancery, a Memorial of every Deed, Bond, In strument, or other Assurance, whereby any Annuity or Rent Charge shall, from and after the passing of this Act* be granted to or by the said Society pr Partnership, for One or more Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years, or greater Estate determinable on One or more Life or Lives, in the Names of the Parties to such Deed, Bond, Instrument, or other Assurance; and such (Enrolment shall (all other Requisites of the said recited Act being duly complied with,) be as good and effectual to' all Intents and Purposes as if the Names of all the Persons for whom such Parties respectively, or any or either of them, shall be Trustees or a Trustee, were or was stated therein, any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Public Act.]

§ 4.

Cap. xxxi.

An Act to enable The Albion Fire and Life Insurance Company to fiie in the Name of their Secretary, and to inroll Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

[See Chap. xxx. of this SeJfontt[

Cap. xxxii.

An Act to enable The London Life Association to sue in the Name of their President, and to enroll Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

[dA Chap, Xxx. of this Sejfwn.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to enable The Pelican Life Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inroll Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

[dVe Chap. xxx. of this Sessionh\

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act to enable The Provident Institution to sue in the Name of their managing Director, and to inroll Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

f&'i? Chap. XXX, of this Seffon,

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and the Vills of Ramsgate and Sarr, and the Parishes of Minster, Saint Lawrence, Stonar, Monkton, and Saint Nicholas, in the Isle of Thanet; Walmer, AJId next Sandwich, Fajlry, Wing ham, Staple, Goodnestone next Wingham, Chittenden? Nonnington, Woodnejbbrough otherwise Winjborow, Eythorne, Word otherwise Worth, Elmftont, Preston next Wingham, Ickham, Wick* hambreux, Waldershare, Barf ref. on, Shepherdfwell otherwise Sib*> bertfwould, Wymenfwould, Barham, Patrixbourn, Bifaopbourn,

Beakfourn, Littlebourn, Stodmarsh, and Stounnouth, in the County of Kent.

[25th April 1807.]

47 GeO. Ill* R Cap.&x&vU

' 241

Society may inrol Memo! Jal of A flu ranees in the Name of the Parties thereto.

Op p pc

C. xxxvi — xl.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 1.

A.D. 1807.

243

*5 <5- 3- c. 64.

2 G 3. C. 21.

2 G. 3. C. 2 5. V c* 30* 3 c- 5°* 3* c- 22. 3- c- 9°* 3- c- 53*

Punishment for deploying Works, Felony within Clergy.1

Cap. XXXVI.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Hales Owen, Rowley Regis, Harbourne, West Bromwich, Tipton, and the Manor of Bradley, in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford.

[25th April 1807.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Elloe, in the County of Lincoln, and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court constituted by the said Act to the Parishes of Surfleet and Gosberton, in the Hundred of Kir ton, in the said County.

[25th April 1807.]

[thirifdidion extended to 5 l.J

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for altering and enlarging so much of the Powers of several Acts, made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Eleventh, Fourteenth, and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent, as relate to the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and to certain Places called Holborn above the Bars, and Middle Row, in Ho Horn, in the said County, and for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch of the said Parishes.

[25th April 1807.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parish of Martham, in the County of Norfolk.

[25th April 1807.]

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, break down, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Flood-gate, Bridge, Dike, Sluice, or Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used for the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being convicted. thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony; and the Court before which such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be punished in like Manner as" Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award inch Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. xl.

An Act for enabling certain Persons therein named to carry into Execution a Partition lately made under a Decree of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, of the Moyfer Estate, in the County of Toth, and the County of the City of Fork, on the Part of the Reverend Richard Gee, Robert Whyte Esquire, and Thomas Metcalfe Esquire. (q. P.)

[25th April 1807.]

A.D. 1807.

C. xli — xliii.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 1. C. xli — xliii. 243

Cap. xli.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Crosby, in the Parishes

of Frodingham and Flixborough, in the County of Lincoln. (q. P.)

[25th 1807.]

Allotments of Land to be made in Compensation for all Tythes in the Township of Crosby (except such antient Inclosures therein as may be in the Parish of West Halton> §12 — 16.)

Cap. xlii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mere, in the County of Wilts. (q. P.)

[25th April 1807.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for inclosing and draining Lands within the Parishes of Repps with Bajlnvlck and Eccles next the Sea, in the County of Norfolk.

[25th April 1807.]

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons punishment for shall wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, break down, demolish, or deploying destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice, or Works, Felony Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made within Clergy or erected, supported, maintained, or used for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being convicted, ' shall be guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

