A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. C. i, U. 47S

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter in the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i.e. to the End of the next Session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c, from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

All Acts in this List, not distinguished by the Letters (q.P.) are Publick Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form Following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded."

(q.P.) Quasi-Publick Acts, i.e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others."

---

Cap. i.

AN Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Borough and Parish of Bofton3 and the Hundreds of Shirk-beck and Kirlon (except the Parishes of Gcfkerton and Sufteet) in the County of Lincoln.

[25th July 1S07.J

u Former AT 25 G. 2. c. J. repealed, and also so much of former " AT 19 G. 3. c 43. as relates to the Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, ic L evert on > Bennington, B utter wick, and Fi eft on.

Cap. ii.

An Act for conflruTing a Pier and Harbour at or near the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent.

[25th July 1807.]

<c The Folkestone Harbour Company incorporated, §1, &c. — Duties " on Coals under 6 G. 3. c. 6; . applied to the Purposes or tins AT,

<£ §3 5; and new Duties impoied, §36. — tonnage and Harbour " Duties allowed to be imposed. §37, 38. — Duties on Herrings and 4C Mackarel, §39. — Duties on Exports and Imports, §40, 41. and 4£ Schedule. — Wharfage Duties, §43. —

LVIL. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Perisons Persons'whomsoever, who shall at any Time or Times hereafter, wih the

fully or designedly demolish, breakdown, damage, or set on Fire the dcmcct ouilrv

said of Felony,

bob

C. iii — v# 47* GiiiO. III. Sefi. 2. A«0.13 cj

said Pit; r. Quays, Wharfs, or any of the Works which shall be conifer u died in or which shall belong to the said Harbour, or who shall willu)iy do any Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the same, or who shall wilfully or designedly ext'ingu.isti or put out any of the Lights uied in or belonging to the said Harbour, for the Safety and Protection of the Ships or other Vessels resorting to the same, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. iii.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for amending Two Acts, of the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for enlarging'and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making certain new Streets and Roads, and widening others adjacent to and connected with the said Harbour.

[25th July 1807.]

Cc Tonnage Duties allowed to be imposed, §25. — Dock Duties, §29. " and Schedule.

Cap. iv.

An Act for ercdling a County Hall, and other Offices, for the County of Perth. - [25th July 1807.]

Cap. v.

An Act to enable the London Dock Company to purchase certain Water Works in the Parishes of Stratford, IVe/lham, Bow, Bromley, Hile End, and Stepney, and other Purifies adjacent; and to amend the several Acts for making Wet Docks and other Works for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Fort of London.

[25th July 1807.]

44 Recital of 3 & 4 W. & M. c. 37. and 2r G. 2. c. 8. as to Shad- well and Stratford Water Works; and also of 40 G. 3. c. xlvii. 44 44 G. 3. c. ii. 43 G. 3. c. lviii. and 46 G. 3 c. lxix. for establishing the London Dock Company; and also of the Warehousing Act, ie 44 G. 3. c. 100. London Dock Company empowered to contract for the Purchase of the Wcjlham, Ac. Water Works, §1, 2. — 44 1 he said Company empowered to have and use a Common Seal, 44 §3, 4. — Directors and Managers of the said Dock Company shall be the Governors and Managers of the said Water Works, without being elected in the Manner prescribed by said Acts of 3 & 4 IV. 44 8z M. and 21 G. 2 — §5, 6. — So much of former Act as required the Company to put up a Foot Bridge'at the inner Fart of the E11- trance Lock repealed, §7. — The Company retrained from reclaim- ing a certain Portion of Ground given- up by them in Wapping Street, Sc. and compelled to keep in Repair the Bridges, &c. over the Entrance Lock, §8. — All Actions may be prosecuted and defended in the Name of the Treasurer to the London Dock Company, §9 — Saving for Rights of the Trustees of the River Lea, 44 § ig. — Saving for the Rights of the Lords of the Manor of West- ham, §11. — Expences of this Act, §12. — Public Act, §13.

3

476

3- c. 5S.

3- c. «3-c. 44.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. SeflT.a.

C vi — 'viii.

477

Cap. vi.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in 28 G. 3. c. 8a* the wenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for taking down and rebuilding the Gaol of the Castle of Chester, the Prothonotary's Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol.

[25th July 1897.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Saint John the Baptist, Sc hit Peter the Apostle and Birchington, and the Fill of Wood, in the Isle of Thanet, and County of Kent.

[25th July 1S07.J

f( Jurisdiction of the Commissioners extended to

XXVI. And as it may happen that Persons served with Process Record of issuing out of the said Court of Requests may, in order to avoid Exc- Judgemcnr may cution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of the (^Vsupe V>r " Jurisdiction of the said Court; be it therefore enacted, That in all C; urr and Cases where a final Decree or Judgment for any Sum or Sums ex- Wots of ceeding-Ten Shillings, shall have been obtained in the said Court, it Execution yffued (had and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's Courts of u\ rE; Serin oi Record at IVefminfer, upon Affidavit made and filed of such De- °Ullty* cree or Judgment being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution having ifined against the Person or Persons or Effects, as the Case may be, of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or a Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits, to canfe the Record of the said Decree or Judgment to be removed into such Superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon, to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons, or Goods and Chattels of the Defendant or Defendants, in the same Manner as upon Judgment obtained in any of the said Courts at Wejmmjler; and the Sheriff upon every such Execution ffiail and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Ten Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Effects, according to "the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Costs of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Court, subsequent to the said Decree or Judgment, and of the Execution in the Superior Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

Cap. viii.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the9G. 3. 1*

Ninth Year of Plis present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes in the Farish and

Borough of Hew Windsor, in the County of Berks, and for preventing Nuisances therein.

[25th July 1807.]

Cap.

4?S

C !x — xvi.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

9 15 G. 26 G. 34 G. 103.;

31 G.

9 G.

x3 G.

4 G. 25 G.

26 G. 3

A.D. 1807.

Cap.m.

c. 72. An Act for amending several Acts, for making and maintaining a 3* c 9*' Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the city of Oxford.

[25th «A/y 1807.]

36 G. 3 c. 95.; 3 -) G. 3. c. 5.

Cap x.

An Act or making and maintaining a Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to join the Lichfield Turnpike Road, in the Purdh of Shenjtorte, in the County of Stafford, and for making a Brunch of Road to communicate therewith. (&) [25th July807,]

Cap. xi.

An Act for repairing and maintaining certain Roadis in the County of Dumbarton, and building Bridges thereon. (b)

[25th July 1807.]

Cap. xii.

2. c. 67. An Act for the more effectually repairing certain Roads in the Coun-

3 c* 5^ ties of Salop, Denbigh, and Merioneth. (#) [25 th 1807.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for making and maintaining Roads from Percy's Crops to Mil-field Burn, and from Woo 'ier to Bowfdon Burn, in the County of Northumberland, (b) [25 th July 1807.]

Cap. xiv.

3. c. -6. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

5. c. 110. Powers of Two Adds, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth

Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York, (c )

[25th July 1807.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Brampton to Longto<wn, in the County of Cumberland, and for erecting a Bridge over the River Line upon the said Road. (a)

[25th July 1807.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Fl&oherfhrooh Bridge to the South End of Wilderfpool Causeway, and from the Town of Frod-fleam to Ashton Lane End, in the County of Chester, so far as respects the Chefer District of the said Roads, and for extending the same from the present Termination thereof at Flooherfbrook Bridge aforesaid* to the North End of Cow Lane Bridge, in the City of Chefer, and for making a new Road from such proposed Extension of the said Road to the North End of Queen Street, in the same City.

[25th July 1807.]

A.D. 1807.

Cixvii — xxiii.

479

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

Cap. xvii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 26 G, 3. c. 139, Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Flookerjbrook Bridge, in the Township of Newton near Chester, to the South End of Wilder/-pool Causeway, and from Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the County of Chester, so far as relates to the Frodsham District: of the same Road, (c)

[25th July 1807.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the $0. 3.C. 63. Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years zr° 3* c* x34* of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping s Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, to V/ilsley Green, in the Parish of Cr; nbrooke, and from a Place near Gou ihurst Gore to Stilebridge, and from Under den Green to WanJbutCs Green, in the County of Ah/z/. (c)

[25th July 1807.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for reviving; continuing, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, x? G* 3* c* I0^ of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South-east End of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to Derby Bridge, near the Rushes, and from thence to the South End of Cavendjlo Bridge, in the same County.

[25th July 1807.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for repairing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the County of Perth. (b)'[25th July 1807.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and Enlarging the 5 G. 3. c. 71, Powers of several Acts, passed in the Fifth, Sixth, and Twenty- \ 3* C»9J'

sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the 2, >^c- x54'

Road from Tonbrirge to Maidstone, and from Watt's Cross to Cow deny in the County of Kent, so far as they relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone. (e)

[25th July 1807.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the ^G ? c

Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of zb <j\ 3. c. 157.

His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading- from Wad-

hursty in the Coi.nty of Su/sex, to the Turnpike Road at I.amberhurst Pound and Pullen s Hill, in the County of Kent, and from

thence to ll ejl Far.ey Street, in the County of Kent. (V

[25th July 1807.]

Cap. XXIII.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stibbkgfon-cam-irandes-ford, otherwise Wands ford, and the Hamlet of S ' '/n, wit 11 in the,

Lid Parish, in the Counties ot Huntingdon and Northampton, fq. p.)

[25th July 1807.]

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

A.D. 1807.

480 C. xxiv — xxxl. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Longh ought on, in the County of Northumberland. (q.P.) [25th July 1807.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Township of Hunton, in the North Riding of the County of York. (q.P.)

[25th July 1807.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for inclosing Chew Moor, in the Township of Lojlock, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors> in the County palatine of Lancaster. (q. P.) [25th July 1807.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wark worth and Lefotry, in the County of Northumberland. \(\. P.) [25th July 1807.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Stavghton and Gtafsham, in the County of Huntingdon, (q P.) [25th July 1807.]

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

<e An Allotment made to His Majesty; and so much of the Award " of the Commissioners as relates thereto shall be transmitted to the Office of Land Revenue, §36. v

Cap. xxix.

An Act for amending, rendering more effectual, and continuing Parts of an Act, of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjacent Lands, for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

[ 1 fb August 1807.]

c< The Rates to continue for 14 Years, &c. after passing the Act.

Cap. xxx.

Sec former Act, for the better Relief of the Poor of the Parish of Christ-

37 3- c' 79- church, in the County of Middlesex.

[ 1 ft Avgifl 1807.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to be applied in completing the Canal across the Isle of Dogs, and ere Ring other Works there, and for effecting other Improvements of the Port of London, in Execution of certain Acts already pasted for those Purposes.

[1st August 1807.]

" Recital of former Acts, 39 G. 3. c. lxix.; 42 G. 3. c.xlix.; 43 G. 3* " c. cxxiv.; 47 G. 3. r.lxiii; 4^, 000 1. more may be advanced out of €t die Consolidated Fund for the Purposes of the said Acts, §1-3. " — Former Acts 39 G 3. c. lxix.; 42 G. 3. c. cxiii.; and 44 G 3.9c. vii. rented. — For the Purpose of building a Wail on the South u Side, and at each End of the West India Export Dock, and also

J " Office*

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. C. xxxi — xxxiv. 481

u Offices for the Revenue, and Barracks, for Soldiery on Duty at " the Docks, 3 >, ocol. more may be advanced out of the Consolidated u Fund, §4. — All the said Sums shall be paid out of the Rates and " Duties payable underTormer Acts, §3, 6, See.

Cap. xxxii.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Citadel and Walls of the City of Carltjle, and certain Grounds adjoining thereto, to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, for building Courts of Justice for the said County, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[1 If August 18 J7.-J

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for ascertaining and eft abli thing the Rates of Wharfage, Can* nage, Plankage, Anchorage, and Moorage, to be received at the lawful Quays in the Port of Bristol; for the Regulation of the Cranekeepers in the said Port; and for the better Regula' ion of Pilots and Pilotage of Vessels navigating the Bristol Channel.

[lit August iSo/-]

" Former Acts ti & 12 W. 3. c. 23.; 43 G. 3 c. cxl. recited. — -u Tonnage-Rates, and Rates for Anchorage, Wharfage, Cranage,

" dec. granted, §1. and Schedules. — Vessels navigating the Bristol <( Channel shall be piloted by Persons licensed by the Corporation,

'c §9. &c.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person against: pe, fons escaping whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Justice or Justices before or into other after any Conviction for any Offence against this Act shall into a Residence, or be in any County, Riding, Division, Cit Town, or Place out of the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, or if the Goods and Chattels of any Offender convicted of any Offence in pursuance of this Act shall be in a different County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, than where the said Party was convicted, or Warrant of Distress granted, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, into which the ! 'arty shall escape either before or after Conviction, and they and every of them are hereby required, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Hand Writing of any Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, to indorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant, and the same, when so indorsed, shall be a sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute such Warrant in such County, Riding, Division,

City, Town, or Place out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices respectively, on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before him or them within their respective Jurisdictions, may proceed to hear and determine the Complaint, and may direct the Offender or Offenders to be carried to the Justices or Justice who granted the original Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law.

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, and provide convenient Court Houses for holding the Affixes 47 Geo. III. I i and

escape, go c -unties may be Liberty, fol, owed*

C. xxxiv.

483

43 G. 3, c. lviii.

Justices of Peace, in Sessions may allefs the County,

Rental of the Coniuy shall be (delivered to next uatter Sessions.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

and General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and other Publick

Meetings, within the said County.

[1st August 1807.]

6 YMan was mac^e Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present M; >jesty, intituled, An Act for repeal-1 inS f° uch of an Act made in the Ninth Tear of, the Reign of King 1 George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable the Justices of the <l Peace, a thug for the Western Dhoifion of the County of Kent to purchase <c a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, ii and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County htock ii of the said Division towards the famed9 as requires that the said Gaol ic should be repaired exclusively at the Expence of the said Western Divi-<c fion, and for the better Regulation and Payment of the pub dick Expences " of the said County And Whereas it is expedient that Power and Authority should be given to the Justices of the Peace for the said c County of Kent in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, to make a fair and equal County Rate, and for that Purpose to assess and tax rateably and in due Proportions all and every the Parishes, Towns, -Liberties, Precm&s, Villages, Hamlets, and Places within the said County, according to the annual Rent or Value of Estates therein, for and towards the same: And Whereas the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Kent are holden at Maidstone in the Western Division of the said County, and at the Old Castle of Canterbury, near the City of Canterbury in the Eastern Division of the said County: And Whereas the Court Houses or Buildings in which the Assizes and the said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County have been so holden as aforesaid, are too small and otherwise inconvenient and incommodious; and it is become expedient and necessary for the Admi-4, nistration of Justice, that the Justices of the Peace for the said County should be empowered to erect, build, or otherwise provide, as when and where occasion may require, proper Court-Houses with other Accommodations to answer the public Purposes of the said County, and to purchase such Lands, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises as may be necessary for such Purposes, and to defray the E: > 4 pences thereof by and out of the public Stock and County Rates of the said County; but such Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's iLoll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required from Time to Time to assess and tax to the County Rates all and every Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, and Place within the said County', rateably and in equal Proportions, according to the annual Pent or Value of Estates within such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, and Place respectively.

II. And in order the better to enable the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, to assess and tax rateably and in equal Proportions, all and every such Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, and Places y be it further enacted, That at the next

C. xx xlv.

483

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Kent after the passing of this Act, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said several Parishes, Towns, Liberties,

PrecinTs, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, shall and they are hereby required to make a Return in Writing to the said Justices in Sessions ahem bled, which Return shall be verified upon Oath in open Court at the Time of delivering in the same, by the Person or Persons so delivering in the same, of the total Amount of the Rental or Value of the several Estates, and rateable Property within the Parish,

Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place to which they shall respectively belong, charged or assessed to the Poors Rate of and in such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place at the Time of making such Return, or liable so to be, and the Mode adopted of making such Rate shall be stated and pointed out in Writing upon such'eturn, and verified as aforesaid by such Churchwardens and Overseers, in order that the said Justices may be enabled to discover the real Amount of the Rental or Value of the Estates within such several Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and RentalofPanfhes Overseers of the Poor of all and every Parish, Town, Liberty, Pre- he

cindl, Village, Hamlet, or Place within the said County, or some or QuarCer Sessions. one of them shall in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and in the Seventh, and every succeeding Seventh Year, from and after the said Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions to beholden in and for the said County, or at some Adjournment thereof, and oftener if the Justices in Sessions shall require, make a Return to the Justices of the Peace then and there assembled, of the total Amount of the Rental or Value of Estates within such respective Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Preempts, Villages,

Hamlets, or Places at the Time of making the lad preceding Rate for the Relief of the Poor, together with the Names of the several Persons and Parties charged with such Rate, and the Sum and Sums of Money-rated or charged on such several Persons and Parties respectively; and shall allocate and point out in Writing the Mode adopted in making such Rate upon such Return, and shall verify every such Return upon Oath in Manner aforesaid, and every such Return shall be signed with the Name or Names of the Churchwarden or Churchwardens,

Overseer or Overseers so making such Rate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Churchwarden or Penalty on Overseer of the Poor of any of the several Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Churchwardens Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places within the said County, shall and neglect or make Default in making any such Returns in Manner aforesaid, then and in every such Case each and every such Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor so neglecting or making Default (without sufficient Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices in their said General or Quarter Sessions) shall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds as shall or may be ordered or adjudged by the said Justices in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, by way of Penalty for such Neglect or Default, and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices in such Sessions assembled, and they are hereby directed to issue their Warrant to the High Constableof the Division where such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or

484

C. xxx iv.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III.

Se.fiVi.

Iz G. 2. c. 29.

Parishes rru-y be affllfeH al rnough no Return made.

Parishes may be

alTeded whtre no Poors' Rate is collected.

Place shall be htuated, directing him to levy such Penalty upon the respective Goods and Chattels of each and every Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, 'or Place so neglecting or making Default, in like Manner and with such Powers and Authorities as the said High Constable is by a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, K11 A El for the more eajy ajfffingy collecting, and levying Comity Rates, veiled with for levying on the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, the Sum assessed for the County Rates.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Churchwardens or Overseer or Overseers of the Poor shall neglect or make Default in making such Return or Returns as aforesaid, or if it shall happen that, notwithstanding the incurring of any such Penalty or Penalties as aforesaid, for or on account of such Neglect or Default or Return for any Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, ^Village, Hamlet, or Place, shall not be made within the Time before limited for the making thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and ijfty be lawful to and for the said lattices, and they are hereby required, either at the said Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or at some subsequent General or Quarter Sessions to be held- for the said County, or at some Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, to rate and assess each and every the Pari Hi, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, or Place, of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, shall have so neglected or made Default in making such Return as aforesaid, for and towards the said County Rate, according to such Estimate, of the just and fair annual Rent or Value of the Estates within such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, or Parishes. Townships, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places respectively, as the said Justices shall be able to procure by any other Means than the Returns which are by this Act required to be made as aforesaid, and to order such Allowance and Compensation to be made to the Constables and other Persons within the several Districts and Divisions in the said County for their Expences and Trouble in procuring, collecting, and levying the same, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable and proper, and all such Allowances, Compensations, and other Expences as shall be there', y incurred, shall be by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent in their General or Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof assembled, charged upon the.Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, or Place, of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor shall have so neglected or made Default as aforesaid in Addition to the Proportion of the said County Rate to be paid by such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, and such Allowances, Compensations, and Expences, shall and may be raised, levied, and collected by such and the like Ways and Means as the said County Rate can or may be raised, levied, and collected, and shall be paid therewith

VI. And be it further enacted, That in any Parish, Township, Liberty, Pre inct, Hamlet, extra-parochial Place or other Place in the said County of Kent, where no Rate is or shall be made and collected for the Relief of the Poor, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, in their General Quarter

C xxxiv.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Self 2.

Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to order and direct the Sum of Money which shall from Time to Time be assessed as or for the County Rate upon such Parish, Township. Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extra-parochial Place or other Place, to be rated and levied on the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands therein, by such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers in such and the same Manner as any Rate for the Relief of the Poor is by Law directed to be rated or levied, which Sum so rated and levied shall be paid by such One or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, to the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division wherein such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extra parochial Place or other Place doth lie, within the Space of Twenty-one Days after Demand thereof made in Writing, to be given to such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or Houses, by the said Chief Constable of such Hundred or Division, which Demand the said Chief Constable is hereby required to make at such Times as the said Justices of the Peace shall by their Order in Sessions direct; and in case such One or more inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums so assessed, as and for a County Rate, after Demand made a, s aforesaid, such Chief Constable shall, and is hereby empowered to levy the lame by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such One or m >re. Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers so refilling or neglecting to pay the lame as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Money assessed and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall pay such Sum before the same shall be so by him rated and levied as aforesaid, he, she, or they may afterwards rate and levy the same, or shall and maybe allowed and reimbursed the said Sum of Money, by a Rate made or to be made upon all and every the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands within inch Parish, Township, Liberty, Pre-cindt. Hamlet, extra-parochial Place or other Piace, which any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County {ft ill order and direct, atad shall be subject and liable to the same Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof, by Distress and Sale, in Cases of Non-payment, as are herein-before given to the Chief Constable.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place in the said County, shall at any Time or Times have reason to believe that such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, is over rated by any Rate to be made in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County at their next General or General Quarter Sessions, or at any Ad \urnment thereof, again! such Part of the Rate only as may affect the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place in which such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers shall serve such Offices respectively, and the said Justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally

Allowing an

A ope j I for

over-rating.

485

Appeal in other Caits.

Expences of Appeals to paid by Parishes appealing-.

Expences of the Act, as u 'd- r 43 G. 3. c. lvkh

Tuftires may cider Allowances to Conliables.

C-xxxiv. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

determine the same, and to give such Appellant or Appellants such Relief as to them the said Justices in their Discretion shall appear fair, just, and equitable: Provided nevertheless, that upon such Appeal no such Rate shall be quashed or destroyed in regard to any other Parish- Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, or PerforT or Persons affected thereby; any Thing in this Act, or any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided also, That if any other Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Act, Matter, or Thing done in pursuance or this Act or the Powers hereby given* then and in every such Case, he, she, or they shall and may appeal to the said Justices of the Peace of the said County, at their next General or General Quarter Sessions to be holden next after any such Cause of Appeal shall have arisen; and the said Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the same, and to give to all such Appellants such Relief as in their Discretion shall appear fair and just.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, Actions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law, a* betwixt Parish and Parish, or betwixt any Person or Persons and any Parish or Parishes, or any Person or Persons respecting any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any other Act or Acts relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, Actions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law, shall be borne and paid by such re* peftfve Parishes and Persons, or such of them, and in such Proportions as the said Justices upon any Appeal in their General or Quai ter Sessions shall award and order the same, or as such Courts wherein such Actions, Suits, or Proceedings shall be instituted, shall adjudge and order, and shall not be charged to or be paid out of the County Rate.

" Powers of 12 G. 2. c. 29; 43 G. 3. c lviii.; 13 G. 2. c. 18.; as u far as relates to County Rates, e tended to this Act, § ie.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and of carrying the several Powers and Purposes thereof into Execution, shall be borne and paid by the said County, in such Proportions as the Charges, Burthens, and: xpences arising within the County, to which a County Rate is or may be applicable, are, by the said recited Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, directed to be paid; that is to say,) One-fourth Part thereof shall be borne and paid by the Eastern Division of the said County, and the other Three-Fourth Parts thereof shall be borne and paid by the Western Division of the said County.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, in their General or <- uarter Sessions^assembled', to order such Allowance and Compensation to be made to the Constables and other Persons within such Districts and Divisions in the said County, where no Rate is of shall be made for the Relief of the Poor for their Expences and Trouble in collectin p and leyying the said County Rate, within such Districts and Divisions as to the said Justices' shall appear reasonable and proper, and to charge such Allowance and Compensation upon such Districts and Divisions, in addition to their Proportion of the said

/'County

1

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. C. xxxiv. 4S7

County Rate; and all such Allowances, Compensations, and Expences, shall and may be raised, levied, and collected by such and the same Ways and Means as the said County Rate can and may be raised, levied, and collected, and shall be paid therewith.

Justices may order one or more Court Houses to be ercdfed and " purchase Land, Szc. for that Purpose, §; 3. See. — and fell old Court " Houses, §22, 23.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons pL1rnr^ng

shall wilfully and maliciously break, pull down, or in any Manner s n

n ri r-i 5k tt r t> j- r damaging Court

damage or destroy any or the said Court Houses or buildings lo Hous?s,

to be repaired, maintained, supported, provided, erebfed, or pur- Single Felony* chafed as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, such Person or Persons being lawfully convicted thereof shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority either to order such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years to such Place, and in such Manner, as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or to suffer such Corporal Punishment, or to be punished by Fine, Imprisonment, or otherwise as the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried shall seem proper to order or inflibl; and the Justices of the Peace for the said County in Quarter Sessions assembled, are hereby authorized from Time to Time to order such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, to be profecated by Indictment or Indictments at the Assizes for the County of Kent, and to direct the Expences of such Prosecutions to be paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said County for the Time being, out of the publick Stock and County Rates of and belonging to the said County, and in every such Indictment or Indictments, such Court House or Court Houses, or other Building or Buildings shall be alledged and described, and deemed and taken to be the Court House or Court Houses, or Building or Buildings (as the Case may happen) of " the Justices of the Peace for the County of KentK without particularly stating or specirying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Justices.

XXV. Provided always j and be it further enacted, That it shall Justices may and may be lawful to and for the said Justices assembled in such ° der Money to General Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, to make any Order or Orders repaHng°other for the granting and contributing by and out of the publick Stock or Court Houses. County Rates of the said County, of such Sum or Sums of Money

as they the said Justices or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid shall from Time to Time deem requisite and necessary for the Purpose of rebuilding, repairing, altering, or enlarging any Court House or Court Houses, or any Building or Buildings used for that Purpose, now the Property of any Corporation or Corporations,

Bodies Politick or Corporate, or of any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors in any or the said Towns or Places at which the said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace have been usually held; provided that the free and uninterrupted Use end Enjoyment of any such Court House or Court Houses, or building or Buildings used for, that Purpose, towards the rebuilding, repairing, altering, or enlarging, whereof any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so granted or contributed as aforesaid, shall be for ever afterwards

483

Vtfling the , C»urt H u( 't s the Jlifticx5>

Penalty oa Per lot is detf roying Woi ks. Felony.

C. xxxiv, xxxv. 47°. GEO. III. Sess. n. A.D. 1807.

effectually secured to the Use of the Justifies of the Peace for the said County for the Purposes herein after mentioned; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVL. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said ln Court Houses and Buildings so to be provided or erected as aforesaid, and the Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, and every Matter and Thing appertaining, or in anywise relating the reunto, or to any of them, shall at all Times from and after the purchasing thereof, be veiled in, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent for the Time being, uoon the Trust, and to the End, Intent, and Purpose that the said Justices shall and do from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, peaceably and quietly allow, permit, and suffer, the Assizes, the Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and all other Courts and Meetings to be holden for the Public Act mi nill ration of Justice, or for transacting the Publick Affairs and Business of the said County, to be holden, and kept in the said several Court Houses or Buildings, and the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and also allow, permit, and suffer the same to be had. used, and enjoyed for all such other Publick Uses and Purposes as the Justices of the Peace for the said County or the major Part of them, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall from Time to Time direct, order, or appoint, with free Liberty for all Persons whom it shall or may concern to act and officiate in, and to resort to, and attend, upon the said Courts and Meetings as they shall have occassion or think proper.

Justices may sue in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace, §27. — " Twenty-one Lavs Notice of Action; Plaintiff shall not recover if

sufficient Amends be tendered, §28 — Limitation of Actions Six " Months; Venue in Kent; General Issue; Treble Costs, §29. — Pub-u lie Act, §30.

Cap. xxxv.

An Act to enable the Reverend Alban Thomas Jones Gvuynne, his Heirs and Assigns, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of Aberayron, in the County of Cardtg n and to improve the said Harbour, and to regulate the Moorings of Ships and Vessels therein.

[1st August 1807.]

<c Old Quay Duties abolished and New Duties granted, §6, and (( Schedule.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously demolish, break down, or deftr y, any Pier, Quay, Wharf, Storehouse, or any other Building or Work to be constructed, erected, or made under the Authority of this A A, every Person or Persons so offending shall be subject and iable to the like Punishments and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and may and they have hereby Power and Authority to cause such Person and Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may, if they thiqk award such Sentence as the Law direfL in Cases of Felony.

Cap.

A.D. 1807.

489

47° GEO. III. Self-2. C. xxxvi, xxxvii.

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act to enable His Majesty to vest the Sands of Traeth Mavur^ dividing the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, in William Alexander Madocks Esquire.

[ill August 1807.]

WHEREAS there is a certain Trad of Sands situate on the Elluary called Traeth-Mawr, dividing the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, and extending from Pont Alerglajlyn to the Point of Gefi, which in its present State, is unproductive and incapable of being cultivated, and the Passage over the same is frequently attended with great Inconvenience, Delay, -Difficulty, Expence, and Danger: And Whereas, if the said Sands were protected from the Sea by Embankments and other necessary Works, the same might be cultivated and rendered productive, and the Communication*between the said Two Counties would be thereby greatly facilitated and improved, and such Embankments and Works would also be of publick Utility; but the making and maintaining of the same £ will be attended with considerable Difficulty and Expence: And Whereas William Alexander Mado ks, of Tan yr A lit, in the County of Carnarvon, Esquire, is desirous of constructing and making such Embankments, Sea Walls, Ramparts, Fences, Sluices, Bridges, and other Works, as may be necessary for protecting the said Sands from the Influx of the Sea, at his own Expence, on having the same vested in him and his Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple: And Whereas His Majesty, in right of His Crown, claims to be entitled to the said Sands, and being desirous of encouraging Undertakings of publick Utility, His Majesty has been moll graciously pleased to signify his Royal Pleasure, that so much of the said Trad of Sands from the Point of Ged to Pont Abcrglajlyn aforesaid, as shall be protected from the Influx of the Sea, by the said Wi liam Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, in Manner aforesaid, shall (as far as His Majesty is interested therein) be granted and confirmed to, and vested in the said William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple:

44 His Majesty enabled to vest the said Sands in William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs, See. — If the Embankment is not begun withi Ten Years, and completed within Twenty Years, the said Sands shall revert to His Majesty, §37.

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise Luney and for building a Quay or Wharf near Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[1 ft. August 1807.]

44 New Tonnage Duties granted in lieu of Tonnage Duties under former Acts, but not to affect Light House Duties under 44 29 G. 2. c. 39. — Commissioners under the Ad empowered to license Pilots,

Cap.

See former A«f\s 23 <J. a-, c. ii. 12 G. 3 c. 8t. 29 G. 3. c. 39.

4^0

C. xxxviii — xli.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

Former A els

G. 3- c* 85.9G, 3. c. 22. ncpeaied.

3G.3. c« 19.

Verdins in iuperior Courts for Small Debts ?iot entitled to Costs;

©n Verdict for Defendant he fifiall be entitled double Costs*

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for more effectually paving the Streets, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate, which lies in the County of 1/liddlesex, and Part of a Street called East Smithfield in the Precind of Saint Catherine, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and for preventing Annoyances therein.

[ill August 1807.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act to amend an Act, of the Third Year of Plis present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, in the Hundreds of Bradford, Melksham, and Whorlsdown, in the County of Wilts, and for extending the Powers of the said Act to other Places in the said County.

[ill August 1807.]

" Jurisdiction extended to ^5.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit for any Debt recoverable by virtue of this Act, in the said Court of Requests, shall be commenced in any other Court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such Case, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not, by reason of aVerdid for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Coils whatsoever; and if the Verdict* shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such Case, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any Cases by Law.

Cap. xl.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town of Grave/end, and the Hundreds of Toltingtrough, Dart-ford, Wilmington, and Axtane, in the County of Kent.

[1st August 1807]

u Jurisdiction extends to § J3* — Record of Judgement may be (c removed into superior Courts, and Execution levied accordingly " with 20s. extra Costs, §27. — [See chap, vii, of this SeJfion.'\

Cap. xli,

4 G. 1, c. g. An Act for continuing Three Acts, of the Sixth Year of King George 30 G. 2. c. 26. the in the Twentieth Year of King George the Second, and

£/ 3. c. 20. in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty

of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part ol a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Burntisland, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Fife, and for increasing the publick Revenue of the said Town.

[1st August 1807.]

Former Duties continued for Thirty-one Years, See. after passing of this Act.

Cap0

A.D. 1807.

47° GEO. III. Sess. a.

C. xlii — xlvi.

49*

Cap. xlii.

An Act to revive and continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, 21 G. a. c. 13.^ of Two Acts, of the Twenty-second Year of His late Majesty, and4 ^3- c-the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold in the Burgh of Kinghorn, in the County of Fife.

[1st Cugufl J §07.]

Former Duties continued for Twenty-five Years, 8zc. after passing (i this Act.

Cap. xliii.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Parish of Sutton Courtney, in the County of Berks, to the Parish of Gulham, in the County of Oxford.

[ 1st August 1807.]

ic The Company oi Proprietors of Sutton Courtney Bridge incorporated; cc empowered to raise ^4, ooool. by Shares, and^3, -oo. more ifrequi-site to make Bye Laws; impose Tolls: Whenever Bridge is

impassable a Ferry to be provided.

Li. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or Dimag?ng the maliciously pull down or dellroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, Bridge or Works or any Toll House to be erected by virtue of this Act, every Person Fekmy* so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said Brid e shall not be Bridge not to be adjudged or taken to be a County Bridge, or subject the Counties deemed a of Oxford and Berk.f, or either of them, to the repairing, amending, G°uPly Bridge, or supporting of the same; any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

Cap. xliv.

An Act to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Play-houie, under certain Restrictions, in the Town of Birmingham', in the County of Warwick.

[1st August 1807.]

f Stat. 10 G. 2. c. 28. repealed; so far as relates to Birmingham."

Cap. xlv.

An Act for amending an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present i*G. 3. c. Si. Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads through the.

County of Lanark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called The Howford, in the said County; and for making more effectual, and converting, the Statute Labour within the said County; and for repairing and regulating the Roads within the same.

[iff August 1807.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of tS G. 3. c. 1^1. an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from He age, in the County of Dc by,

through

492

C. xlvi — liii.

io G. 3. c. 9^. 31 G. 3. c. 118.

3. C. 73.

3. C. 137.

55 G. 3. c. 116.

33 G.'. c. 32.

37 £» 3- c. T47.

5 G. 3. c. 83.

7 G. 3. c. ioc. 2 j G. 3. c. 133.

3 G. 3. c. 52.5 G. 3. c. 114.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

through Alfreton to Tibjhelf, and a Branch, from the same Road, at or near Ahrland Lodge, to Higham, in the same County.

[1st Jlug ujl t 807.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Tenth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Brighthelmston to Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex, and for amending a certain Piece of Road to communicate therewith, (£).

[ ill August 1807.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Great Gnmfhy Haven, at or near Up^er Sand End, to IVold Newton Church, and from Nurds Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln. (b).

[1st August 1807.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Ip.'wich to South Town, a d from the said Road at Beech Lane, in the Parish of Darsham, to Bungay, in the County of Sijfolk. (b).

[1st August 1807.]

Cap. 1.

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, so much of an Act, of the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the Isle o± Ely, and Counties of uffolh and Norfolk, near Mildenhti 11 River, and empowering the Conservators of Bedford Level to fell certain Fen Lands, as relates to the Lands in the Second District described in the said Act.

[1st August 1807.]

Cap. li.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present a ajesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Rochdale through Bam-ford arid Birth to Bury, and for making Three Branches of Road therefrom, in the County of Lancaster. {b, .

[1st August 1807.]

Cap. lii.

An Act to continue and amend Three Acts, passed in the Fifth, Seventh, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein, mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wisbech Saint Peter's, in the Isle of Ely, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned, (c).

[til August 18.07.]

Cap. liii.

An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Third and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, fer amending the Roads from Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County. (b).

[1st August 1807.]

Cap.

C, liv — lx.

493

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

Cp liv.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 33*3-Powers of an Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from Cambridge to Royston, in the Counties of Cambridge and Effete. (a) [1st August 1807.]

Cap» lv.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, of the Sixth and Twenty-fevepth Years of His present 27 Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hwjley, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of ndover to the Town of Newbury in the County of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River, (r).

[1st August 1807.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 5.G. 3. Powers of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His 26 3*

present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the River at Swath ling, through Botley to the Turnpike Road at Sherril Heath, in the County of Southampton. 1\gc).

[1st August 1807.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for vesting several Manors and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln, Suffolk, and Essex, Parts of the Settled Eilntes of the Right Ho no urabe Fre eick William Earl of Bristol in Trustees, upon fruit to fell, and fjr laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchast of more convenient Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[1st August 1807.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chesterfiel in Trustees, in Truit to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. (.P.

[1st August 1807.]

Cap. lix.

An Act to enable Henrietta West Spinfler, and James West Esquire, and their LeiTee for the Time being, to grant Building Leaies of certain Lands deviled by the Will of Sarah West deceased) in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey. (q. P.)

[1st August 1807.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for vesting certain Estates of Mary Foster and George Edward Graham Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in King's Lynn and South Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trust to fell the lame, and to Hand possessed of the Monies arising from the Sale'thereof, upon the Trusts therein mentioned. (q.P. )

[1st August 1807.]

Cat.

c. 13*.

c. 86. c. 94.

494

C 1x1 — lxvii.

*47° GEO. III. SeIT.2.

A.D. 1807.

Cap. Ixi.

An Act for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to a Chapel, to be called Shireoaks Chapel, in the Parish of Worhfop, in the County of Nottingham. (q. P.)

[1st August 1807.]

u Certificates of Burials shall be sent to the Vicar, and registered in the public Register of the Parish Church of Workfopy §5.

Cap. lxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rhuddlan, Saint Asaph % Difirth, and Cwm in the County of Flint, (q. i\)

[1st August 1807.]

" Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor of Flint, and " of the Comots of ColeJhilJ Rut hi an dy and Prejlattin, within the " same, § iS. — Extract of Award shall be sent to Land Revenue " Oilice, § iq.- — Saving of His Majesty's Right to Mines, Ore, Minerals, and Coal, §30.

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for inclosing the Lands of Thorpe, in the County of Surrey. (q.P.)

[1st August 1807.]

" Compensation for Tithes, §18, 19, 20. — Allotment to His Majesty cc and his Leftee. — Extract of Award shall be sent to Land Revenue " Office, §23, 24.

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Wheston and Tidefwelly and in the Manor of Tide/welly in the County of Derby. (q.P.)

[1st August 1807.]

ct Allotments to His Majesty in lieu of certain Chief Rents, &c. in " Right of the Duchy of Lancaster,^J2.

Cap. Ixv. 7

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of J3ram- ham, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q.P.)

[1st August 1807.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shipdham, in the County of Norfolk. (q.P.) [1st August 1807.]

Cap. lxvii.

O. 3. r. 72. An Act to amend Three [Acts, of the Eighteenth, Thirty-ninth, 39 G.3. c* 1 xxx i. and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty for erecting a Court

44 G. 3. c. 61. ITouse, for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of

Westminster.

[8th Avgijl 1807.]

<e Commissioners under recited Acts empowered to fell certain Houses (C to Commissioners under Westminster Improvement Act, 46 G. 3. " c. 89. — 4, 000 1. additional allowed to be expended in erecting the " Court House.

Court-Wife

IV. And be it further enacted, That after the said Sum of Four

when bin It, to be thousanc| Rounds, or so much thereof as jThall be necessary for the under the r

Jrurpoies

C. lxviii.

4f GEO. III.

Sess. 2.

Purposes aforesaid, shall be raised; and as soon as the said Court House shall be built, fitted up, and properly accommodated, pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts of the Eighteenth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Site of the said Market shall have been conveyed to the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, as directed by the said Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, all and every the Powers and Authorities given and created by the said recited Actfs touching the Direction, Control, and Management of the said Court-house shall cease and determine; and the said Court-house, and the Apartments and Offices thereto belonging, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, shall thenceforth be under the foie Direction and Management of the Justices of the Peace for the Time being, of the City and Liberty of Westminster.

4< Justices of Westminster empowered to hire a Housekeeper, and other Servants, to reside in Apartments belonging to the Courtt- house, §5. — Justices may let Cellars under Court-house, §6.--<c Court-house shall be repaired under Order of Justices, §7, &c. — u Public Act, §10.

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for repealing the several Acts for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities of London and Westminster and Liberties thereof, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex; and for making better Provision for the same.

[8th August 1807.]

4 W7PEREAS the several Acts now in force and effect for re-4* gu ating the Vend and Delivery of Coals brought by Sea

into the Port of London, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and within such Parts of the Counties of Midd!esex, Surry t Kent, and Essex, as are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange, in the City of London, have been found insufficient to prevent the Commission of Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of such Coals: And Whereas it wrould tend greatly to facilitate the Execution of the Purposes intended by the said Acts, if the same were repealed, and further and better Provisions made for those Purposes p may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That io much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King E 'ward the Sixth, intituled, An Act for the AJfi % e of Fuel, as directs, That all Coals to be made

and put to Sale in the Cities of London, Westminster, or in the Suburbs of the same, after the last Day of September next coming, ft all keep the Assize hereafter expressed. that is to wit, That every Sack of Coals contain Four Bushels of good and clean Coals, upon Pain that every Marker and every Seller that shall make any such Coals,

and put the same to sale, to forfeit for every Sack of Coals from

henceforth put to sale lacking of the Assize aforesaid Three Shillings and Four-pence, and that this present Statute only, and no other Statute of Assize of Coals, shall from henceforth stand in force and

4 4 take

495

Direction of the Justices of Westmincer.

7 Edw. 6. c. 7. reycaVd as to rh<- Measure of Coals.

clxviii.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

496

A.D. 1807.

N t to revive

34 35

Hen. 8. c. 3.

Coal Exchange shall continue vetted in tl'e Corporation of London.

' take place and io much thereof as directs, That from and after the ' First Day of May next coming, no Person or Persons shall buy

any such Coals, but only such as will burn or consume the same, or f such Persons as shall fell the same again* by Retail, to such as shall

burn or consume the same for their own occupying, without Fraud or

Covin, or Wharfingers, or Bargemen, upon Pain to forfeit the Treble 6 Value of all such Coals as shall be otherwise bought for any Lucre < or Gain; and that no Person or Persons shall alter any Mark or

Assize of any of the said Coals, marked or afiized according to f this Statute, in Pain of like Forfeiture as is aforesaid shall be, and he same is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to revive or to give any Force or Eftedl to an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled, or directing, Of what Measure, AJsize, and Scantling, Coals, Talwoody Faggots, and Billets, shall he, and the Fors eiture and Penalty of than that Jloall not perform the fame/ or any of the Provisions therein contained; but such last recited Act, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, shall continue repealed, in such and the like Manner as if this present Act had not been made, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

" 7 & 8 IV. 3. c. 36. §2. (making perpetual 16 & 17 C. 2. c. 2. " which was revived by 2 IV. & M. c. 7.) repealed, §2. — The* following Acts repealed, viz. 26 G. 3. c. to3.; 36 G. 3. c. 61.; iC 42 G. 3. c. ixxxix.'; 38 G. 3. c. lvi.; 46 G. 3. c. xxxii. — §3. — " This Act shall not revive 26 G. 3. c. 14. — $ 4. — 43 G. 3. e. cxxxiv. u and 44 G. 3. c. lxxxii. repealed, §5.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Buildings thereon erected, called The Coal Exchange, with all and singular the Hereditaments and Appurtenances, which the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, have purchased or caused to be purchased, andkave caused Possession to be taken thereof in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, shall be and the same is and are hereby declared to be vested in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of Lmdon, for the Purpose of holding a free, open, and public Market for the Sale of Coals brought into the Port of London, and for other the Purposes of this Act; and all and every Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all and every other Person and Persons whosoever, are and is hereby declared to be and continue and shall be and continue indemnified for and in respect of all and every Verdict and Verdicts, Order or Orders, Contract or Contracts, and all and every Act or Acts which they or any of them shall or may have lawfully made, executed, or done, or caused to be made, executed, or done, under or by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of them, passed in the Forty-thi.d and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

I u Bonds

C.lxviii.

497

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Seif. 3.

(i Bonds and Conveyances under recited Acts 43 & 44 G.3. shall re-" main valid, §7. — Annuities granted by the City of London shall <c continue charged on the Duties to be collected by virtue of this

" a a, § s.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, shall give or cauie to be given, Six Calendar Months Notice of their Intention to pay off'any such Annuities which shall have been lo granted under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, to the Person or Persons to whom the same may respectively belong, at the End of which Six Calendar Months, upon Payment or Tender of the respective Sums for which any such Annuity or Annuities may have been granted, to or for the Person or Persons then entitled thereto, at the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, in the Guildhall of the same City, the Annuity and Annuities payable to such Person and Persons respectively shall cease and determine; nevertheless the Monies so tendered shall be paid to such Person or Persons upon his or their Demand, and giving a Discharge for the same.'

" Application of Money for Purchases by Bodies Corporate, Trustees, c< Incapacitated Persons, &c. §10 — 16.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Book or Books, in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings shall have been made by any Person or Persons acting by and under the Authority of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them (such Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books, according to the Directions-of, and made Evidence by, such Two last mentioned Acts, or One of them) Hall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be and continue to be at all Times hereafter, at or upon the said Coal Exchange and Hereditaments, a free, open, and public Market, for the Sale of Coals brought into the Port of Lojidon.

XIX. And be it further declared and enacted, That such Market shall be and continue to be holden on every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday in the Week, in each and every Year, (Good Friday, Christmas Fay, and Fall Days by Proclamation, only excepted) from Twelve of the Clock at Noon until Two of the Clock in the Afternoon in each and every Day; and that it shall be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to continue and retain the present Clerk' or Clerks, and other Officer or Officers, to such Market, with such Salary or Salaries for his or their Trouble and Attendance there, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, shall seem just and reasonable, and from Time to Time to remove or displace him or them, and to nominate and appoint other Clerk or Clerks, Officer or Officers, in his or their Stead.

XX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of defraying the several Charges and Expences for establishing and holding such Market, and of the Purchase of the said Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments, called The Coal Exchange, and such other Lands, Tene-

Kk meats.

Notice shall be given of paying off Annuities.

Entries in Books under former Acts declared valid.

Coal Exchange shall be an open Market.

Market Days.

Clerk and Officers.

Duty on CoMs, Cinders, and Culm,

498

JD'.j'y Ovill he Kclucc-f) when nunc than fuiScker-i 'fur ihe Purposes of this Act.

C.lxviii. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. ] Seg-

ments, and Hereditaments, purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty.third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for erecting, maintaining, and supporting convenient Buildings thereon, and for defraying the Salaries and Allowances of the several Clerks and other Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, and for defraying the other Charges and Expences of carrying the same into Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, of and from each and every Maher of a Ship or Vessel laden with Coals, Cinders, or Culm, or other Period having the Care or Command thereof* arriving at her Moorings within any Part of the Port of Lon-on, at or to the West ward of Gravesaid, the Sum of One Penny per Chaldron, (or Ton, in case the same shall be sold by Weight) and no move, ' for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals, Cinders, or Culm, contained in such Ship or other Vessel; and such Sum of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton of all such Coals, Cinders, and Culm, shall and may be collected, levied, recovered, and paid in such and the like Manner, and by, with* and under such Powers, Authorities, and Provisions, as any other Duty or Duties, or Imposition or Impositions, on Coals, now payable to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Lon 'on, or to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, is or are, or may be collect! ed, levied, recovered, and paid respectively, and such Sum of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton, when so paid for any such Coals, shall be charged to the Purchaser of the Coals, besides and in Audition to the Charges and Expences of the Metage of such Coals.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid and discharged by and out of the Money to be received by virtue of this Act, and when and as soon as such Costs, Charges, and Expences, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences of purchasing the several Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and PI ere tii tarn ents for the said Market, and of making any Buildings, Erections, and other Conveniences thereto, and the Money borrowed or raised by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively, and the Interest: thereof, shall have been paid off.and discharged, and the said Duty of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton of Coals, Cinders, and Culm, shall be more than sufficient for maintaining, repairing, and supporting the said Market, and of the several Buildings, Erections, and Conveniences thereto, and for paying the said several Annuities

f ranted by virtue of such Acts respectively, and the Salaries and other ayments and Allowances to the Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers and Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, and for defraying the several other Charges and Expences of carrying the same into Execution, then and in every such Case the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall, and they are hereby required to reduce such Duty to such Sum of Moneyas shall be sufficient for such several Purposes; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, again to raise such Duty to any Sum not exceeding the Sum granted by this Act, when and so often as it shall be necessary for the Purposes thereof; and such Duty, when so reduced or again raised, shall be coiiected, levied, and recovered in such and the

499

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Ssir. 3. CJxviiL

same Manner as the Duty granted or continued by this Act can or may be collected, levied, and recovered.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Did Duty or Duties on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, granted or continued and made payable by this Act, shall be and the same is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable in respect of such Sum or Sums of Money as have been borrowed and raised under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively, for the Purposes of these Acts respectively.

XXIII. c And Whereas certain Coals coming from Scotland and other Places have been and are uiually sold by Weight be it therefore enacted, That for the Purpose of ascertaining the Weight of such Coals uiually sold by Weight, One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois Weight shall be deemed and taken to be One Hundred Weight, and Twenty Hundred Dali be deemed and taken to be One Ton.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Mailer of a Ship or Vessel laden with Coals, or other Person having the Care and Command thereof, shall, and he is hereby required, within Twenty-four Hours after his Ship or other Vessel Dali have arrived at or to the Westward of Blaclivuall, or at her Moorings for Delivery, within any Part of the said Port of London, at or to the Westward of Gravesend, and not before, to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Clerk of the said Market, or other Officer appointed to receive the same, at his Office in the Place appointed for holding such Market, <i true and perfect Copy of the Certificate or Certificates directed to be given by every Fitter or other Person vending or delivering Coals to each and every Maker of a Ship' or Vessel on board of which such Fitter or other Person vending or delivering Coals Dali have loaded any Coals, in pursuance of an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to diffolvc the present, and prevent the future Combinations of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Masters, of Shipr, and others to advance the Brice of Coals in prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade', and if such Ship or Vessel Dali not come from any Port or Place, where, by the said Act such Certificate or Certificates is or are required to be given, then and in such Case each and every Maker of such Ship or Vessel, having the Care or Command thereof, Dali deliver, or cause to be delivered an Account of the Quantity, and Name or Names, or Description or Descriptions of the Coals on board of such his Ship or Vessel to the Clerk or other Officer of the said Market; and in case it Dali happen that such Fitter's Certificate or Certificates Dali at any Time be accidentally lok, or in cale any such Ship or Vessel Dali have been originally loaded or entered outwards for Exportation, and Dali afterwards change her Dekination, and arrive or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, without any such Fitter's Certificate or Certificates having been obtained or provided, then and in either of such lak-mentioned Cases, each and every such Maker of such Ship or Vessel Dali deliver or cause to be delivered a like Account of the Quantity, and Name or Names, or Description or Descriptions of the Coals on board of such his Ship or Vessel, to such Clerk, or other Officer of the said Market, together with an Affidavit to accompany such Account, and

Said Duty charged with Annuities granted by recited Acts 43 and 44 G. 3.

What shall be deemed a Ton.

Mailers of Ships shall give an Account of the Coals in their Ships

9 Ann. c. z3'.

5oo

C.lxvlii.

47° GEO. III. Sefl.

A.D. 1807.

Clerk of the Market shall register the same.

Penalty for

delivering falsej Accounts or making false Entries.

The said Accounts shall he affixed in the Market.

to be sworn by inch Master before, any of His Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place, where the same shall be sworn (and which Oath any such justice or Justices-are hereby authorized to administer) in which Affidavit such Mailer shall hate and verify such Circumstances either of the accidental Eofs of any such Certificate, or of any such Ship having-been originally entered outwards, and having afterwards changed her Dehina-tion, and arrived as aforesaid, without any such Certificate having been obtained or provided (as the Case may be); and such Clerk or other Officer is hereby required to receive and re'filler such Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, together with the Affidavit or Affidavits, accompanying any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, upon Payment or Tender of the Sum herein directed to be demanded and taken by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, for every Chaldron (or Ton of Coals, in cale the same fhadbe sold by Weight) contained in such Ship or other Vessel, in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and if any such V after of any such Ship or other Vessel, or other Person having the Care or Command thereof as aforesaid, shall refuie or neglect to deliver, or cause to be delivered, in Manner aloresaid, within Twenty-four Hours after such Ship or other Vessel shall have arrived or come to her Moorings as- aforesaid, a true and perfect Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, or such true Account as aforesaid, where any such Ship or other Vessel shall not come from any Port or Place where by the said Act such Certificates are required to be given, or a like true Account, together with such Affidavit accompanying the same as aforesaid, in case either of any such accidental Loss of any such Certificate as aforesaid, or of any such Change in the Destination of any such Ship or Vessel originally loaded or entered for Exportation without any such Certificate having been obtained or provided as aforesaid; or if any such Master of any such Ship or Vessel, or other Person having the Care or Command thereof, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, or any such Account or Accounts, or any such Affidavit or Affidavits as aforesaid, before such Ship or other Vessel shall have arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully deliver in any false or inaccurate Account of the Quantity, or Name or Names, Description or Descriptions of the Coals in such Ship, or other Vessel, every such Master or other Person having the Care or Command of such Vessel, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any such Clerk or other Officer shall refuse 1 or neglect to receive and register any such Copy or Copies of such Certificate or Certificates, or any such Account or Accounts, or any such Affidavit or Affidavits accompanying any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, upon Payment or Tender of such Sum as aforesaid, or shall make any such Registry, knowing that such Ship or other Vessel had not arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, every such Clerk so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of such Market shall, and he is hereby required, previous to the Opening of the Market next after the Receipt of the Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, or of any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, to fix up in some conspicuous Part or Parts within the said Market, a true and

A.D. 1807.

47° GEO. III. Self.2.

C.lxv iii.

5 01

perfect Copy thereof, in fair and legible Characters, and with the Words

For Sale'" expressed.therein , and in case any Copy or Copies of Inch Certificate or Certificates, or any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid shall be received by such Clerk during the Hours of holding such Market, and before One Hour previous to the Ciofe thereof, then and in such Case such Clerk shall, and he is hereby required to fix up in Manner aforesaid, a true and perfect Copy thereof, in fair and legible Characters, and with the Words " For Sale" expressed thereon; and if such Clerk shall refuse or negleCc to fix up such Copy or Copies in Manner aforesaid, or within the Time aforesaid, such Uerk so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Maker of any Ship, or other Vessel, laden.with Coals to be unloaden in any Part of the said Port of London, at or to the Westward of Gravesend aforesaid, or other Person or Persons whosoever, shall sell or dispose of any Coals contained in any such Ship, or other Vessel, or shall agree or contract for the Sale of any such Coals contained in any such Ship, or other Vessel, before such Copy or Copies of such Certificate or Certificates, or such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, shall have been fixed up in such Market in Manner aforesaid, or if the said Coals shall be sold in any other Place o-r Places than in the said Market, or on any other Days, or within any other Hours than those appointed for holding the same, then and in every such Case, every such Sale, Purchase, Contract or Agreement for Sale or Purchase, shall be, and the same is and are hereby declared to be, null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the several Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel, laden with Coals, shall have arrived at or to the Westward of Blackball, or at her Moorings for Delivery, within any Part of the said Port of London, at or to the Westward of Gravesend, which Ship or Vessel shall have been loaded or freighted for or on the Account of Government, who shall have purchased the Whole of the Cargo of Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel, at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall have been so loaded or freighted, then and in every such Case, if the Maker or other Person having the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall within Twenty-four Flours after such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, deliver or cauie to be delivered to the Clerk or other Officer of the said Market, a true Copy of the Fitter's Certificate of the Coals contained in such Ship or Vessel, or in case it shall happen that such Fitter's Certificate or Certificates shall have been accidentally loft, or in case such Ship or Vessel shall not come from any Port or Place where by the said recited Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, such Certificate or Certificates is or are required to be given, the Mailer or other Person having the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel {hull, within the Time aforesaid, deliver or cause to be delivered an Account of the Quantity and Name or Names, or Description or Descriptions of the Coals on board of such his Ship or Vessel, to such Clerk or other Officer of the said Market; and to every such Certificate and Account an Affidavit shall be annexed and delivered therewith, which Affidavit shall have been sworn by such

K k 3 Mailer,

Coals shall be sold in the Marker, and during Market Hoars, Scc.

Coals laden and freighted on' board any Ship for Government, may be unladen and delivered, u'ltnouc Oeing put of to Sale in me Market; provided the

Slip M.iner hr ft send to me C1 c 1 k uf the Mai ket a Copy of the Fitter's Certificate, together with an Affidavit dating the Coals to have been so laden and freighted.

Saks of Coni, fh »!I h-: earned with the Cork. Vi lire Iv3ai kcu

jC.lxviii. 47° GEO. III. Sdffi 2. A.D. 1807.

Matter, or by such other Person having the Career Command of such Ship or Vessel, before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices acting for the Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or City of London, (and which Oath any such Justice is hereby authorized -to administer), and in such Affidavit such Mailer, or other Person having, the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall verify such Copy of such*Fitter's Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts as aforesaid, and shall also set forth and verify such Circumstances of such Ship or Vessel haying been so loaded or freighted as aforesaid, and also such Circumstances of any accidental Lots which may have happened of any such Certificate or Certificates, it shall and may be lawful to unload and deliver such Ship or Vessel, for or on Account of Government, without the Copy of the said Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, being fixed up in the said Market, or the said Coals being in any Manner exposed, or subject to be exposed, or put up for Sale in the said Market, and no Person or Persons whosoever shall (provided such Matter or other Person having the Care or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall have delivered such Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, and have made such Affidavit, and delivered the same in Manner aforesaid) -be subject or liable to any Penalty or Penalties whatsoever for or in respect of such Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, not being fixed up irrthe said Market, or for or in respetl of the Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel not being exposed or put up for Sale, or fold in such Market, or be subject or liable to any other Penalty or penalties whatsoever for or in respect of the Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel being unloaded or delivered in Manner aforesaid, any Thin or herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

" §6, and 8 of 3 G. 2. c. 26. recited verbatim, and repealed.' —

" §6 and §7 of 11 G. 2, c. 15, also recited verbatim, and repealed,

§ 28.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That ?r!l Bargains or Contrails for Coals between Buyer or Buyers and Seller or Sellers shall by the Crimp, Fadior, or other Person having the Disposal of such Coals (in case any such Crimp, Fadtoy, or other Person, shall be employed for the Disposal of such Coals) be fairly entered, with the Conditions thereof, and Price of such Coals, in a Book to be kept by such Crimp, or Fadlcr, or other Person as aforesaid, subscribed by such Buyer or Buyers, and by the said Crimp or Factor, or other Person as aforesaid, not merely with the Initials of their Names, but with their Names written at full Length, of which Bargain or Contract such Crimp or Factor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall at the same Time'deliver yrails a Copy by him attested to the Seller or Sellers and Buyer or Buyers respectively (in case, but not otherwise, of such Buyer or Buyers or Seller or Sellers respectively demanding such Copy) and a true and perfect Copy of such Bargain or Contract, and the Price of such Coals, shall be delivered by such Crimp or Factor to the Clerk of the said Market, within One Hour after the Clole of the Market on that Day; and every such Copy shall be by such Clerk entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and every such Book shall be open for the Perusal or Inflection of any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, at any Time or Times during the Hours such Market shall be open 3 and if any such Buyer or Buyers

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

C. lx

CVIII.

5°3

/hall subscribe his or their Name or Names to any such Bargain or Contract in such Factor's Book, otherwise than in Manner aforesaid, or if any Crimp or Factor, or other Person, having the Disposal of such Coals as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to enter such Bargain or Contract, or the Price of such Coals, fairly, accurately, and honestly, without Fraud or Covin, or to subscribe the same, or shall negleil or refuse to give Copies thereof in Manner or withinjdie Time aforesaid, or if any such Clerk shall refuse or negleil to enter such Contrail or Bargain, or the Price of such Coals as aforesaid, in such Book or Books in Manner aforesaid, or shall not permit the Perufai or Inspection thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever, during such Hours as aforesaid, then and in such Case, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and in case any Person or Per- Persons may fell fons shall fell his, or her, or their Coals, which it shall and may be lawful their own Coals to and for such Person or Persons to do, without the Intervention of witKourthe such Crimp, Factor, or other Person as aforesaid, then and in such of^Faflor!1 Case every such Sale, Bargain, or Contrail for the Purchase of Coals, with the Conditions thereof, and the Price of such Coals, shall be fairly written on Paper, and shall be signed by the Seller or Seliers, and Buyer or Buyers, with their respective Names written at full Length, and such Paper, when so ligned, or a true and perfect Copy thereof, shall be delivered by such Seller or Sellers to the Clerk of such Market within One Flour after the Cl-ofe of the Market 011 that Day, and such Clerk shall, and he is hereby required to enter such Paper, or such Copy thereof, in a Book or Books to be kept for such Purpose, which Book or Books shall be open for the Inspection and Perufai of any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, at any Time or Times during such Hours as such Market shall be open; and if any such Buyer or Seller shall lign or subscribe his or their Name or Names to any such Bargain or Contrail otherwise than in Manner aforesaid} or if any such Seller or Sellers shall refuse or negleil to enter such Bargain or Contrail with such Clerk, in Manner or within the Time aforesaid, or if any such Clerk shall refuse or negleil to enter any such Bargain or Contrail in such Book or Books in Manner aforesaid, or shall not permit the Inspection and Perufai thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever on Demand, during such Flours as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One bundled Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds; and if any Buyer or Buyers, or other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, shall demand, take, or receive any Abatement,

Dednilion, or Allowance (by whatever Name or by whatever Means such Abatement, Deduilion, or Allowance shall be called or made) from the Price so delivered to or entered with the Clerk of such Market, or shall prailife or make use of any Art, Covin, or Device, so as to obtain any such Abatement, Deduilion, or Allowance from the Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market, or if any Ship Owner, Crimp, Sailor, Vender or Sellt r of Coals, or any Person on his, her, on their Behalf, shall give, grant, or allow any Abatement, Deduilion, or Allowance from, the Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market (by whatever Name or by whatever Means such Abatement, Deduilion, or Allowance shall be called or made), so that the full Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market shall not.Fe received for such Coals

K k 4 hr

The true-and f ill Price <if such Sales shall he entered with the said Cierfc.

C. lxviii.

5 >4

47° GEO. III. SeiT.2. A.D. 1807.

by such Vender or Seller, then and in every such Case, every such Buyer, Ship Owner, Crimp, Fablor, Vender, Seller, and other Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that the Commission to any Crimp, or

Fabtor, or other Person having ti e Disposal of Coals, and the usual Discount and Scorage allowed to Buyers, Hr all not be or be deemed to be any such Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance from such Price as aforesaid.

persons and

XXX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That

Partners may when any Person shall on his own Account, or on the Account of him-U)tir usual fe]f anc| any Copartner or Copartners, buy, or enter into any Bargain Firm See. first or Contra 61 for the Purchase of Coals in the said Market, or shall enter into any Agreement respecting the Terms in which any Cargo of Coals fold in Shares in the said Market is to be delivered, then if such Person so buying, contracting, or agreeing, shall, at some Time previous to inch buying, contracting, or agreeing, have delivered to the Clerk of the said Market a Paper, containing (in case of such Buyer being a Copartner with any other Person or Persons) as well the usual Firm or Signature of such Buyer and his Copartner or Copartners, as also the true Christian and Surnames, and Places of Abode, at full Length, of himself and of such his Copartner or Copartners, or containing (in caic of such Buyer not being a Copartner with any ether Person or Persons) the uiual Signature of such Buyer, and also his true Christian Name or Names, arid Surname, and Place of Abode, at full Length, then and in any such Case, any such person so buying, con tracting, or agreeing, and having previously delivered such Paper, shall be at liberty, if he thinks Ht, to lign and subscribe, with such his own usual Signature, or in such usual Firm, or with such usual Signature of himself and his said Copartner or Copartners, (as the Caff may be), any Bargain or Contract made in the said Market for the Purchase of any Coals, or any such Agreement as is herein after required resptcting the Terms in which any Cargo fold in Shares in the said Market is to be delivered, (instead of being in such Case obliged to subscribe such Bargain, Contract, or Agreement with his own Name, or with the Names of himself and his Copartner or Copartners at full Length); and in like Manner, if any Fabler, who shall fell or enter into any Bargain or Contvad for the Sale of Coals in the said Market, or shall sign his Name as Witness to any such Agreement respecting the Terms of Delivery of any Cargo fold in Shares, shall previously to such Filing, or contracting, or figmng, or attesting such Agreement, have delivered to the Clerk of the said Market a Paper, containing (in case of such Factor being a Copartner with any other Person or Persons) as well the usual Firm or Signature of such Factor and his Copartner or Copartners, as also the true Christian and Surnames or Places of Abode in full Length of himself and of such his Copartner or Copartners, or containing in case of such Fablor not being a Copartner with any other Person or Persons) the usual Signature of such Fablor, and also his true Christian Name or Names, and surnames, and Place of'bode, at full Length; then and in any such Case any such Fablor so felling, or contracting, or signing, or attesting any such Agreement, and having previously delivered such Paper, shall be at Liberty, if he chinks fit, to sign or subscribe with such his own usual Signature, or in such usual Firm, or with such usual Signature

delive. lug the lame to the Clerk of the Market.

A.D. 180y. 47° GEO. III. Sess.2* C, lxviii. 505

of himself and his said Copartner or Copartners (as the Case may be), 1 any Bargain or Contract made in the said Market for the Sale of any Coal, or any such Agreement as is herein after required respecting the Terms in which any Cargo fold in Shares in the said Market is to be delivered in itead of being in such Case obliged to sign or subscribe such Bargain* or Contract, or Agreement with his own Name, or with the Names of himself and his Copartner or Copartners at full Length; and if any Person shall receive a Paper or Authority, in Writing, from and as the Clerk or Agent < f any other Person or Persons, to buy or enter into Bargains or Contracts on the Behalf of such other Person or Persons for the Purchase of Coals in the said Market, and to enter into Agreements on the Behalf of such other Person or Persons respecting the Terms of Delivery of any Cargo which shall be sold in Shares in the said Market, and if such Clerk, Agent, or Person, shall, previously to his buying on the Behalf of such other Person or Persons, deliver in to the Clerk of the said Market such Paper or Authority, in Writing, and which Paper or Authority, in Writing, shall be signed and subscribed with the Christian and Surnames, and Places of Abode, at full Length, of each and every Person or Persons on whose Behalf such Authority shall be given, and also with the usual Firm or Signature of any Copartner on whose Behalf any such Authority shall be given, or with the usual Signature of any Person, not being a Copartner, on whose Behalf any such Authority may be given (as the Case may be), and ft. il also contain the Name and Place of Abode, at full Length, of the Person who shall be so authorized thereby; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Clerk, Agent, or Person who shall have been so authorized, and who shall have previously delivered in to the Clerk of the said Market such Paper or Authority, in Writing, to inch Fffedt, and 10 signed and sub- fenbed as aforesaid, to enter into and sign or subscribe on the Behalf and in the Name or Names of such other Person or Persons who shall have given such Authority as aoresaid, any Bargain or Contract for the Purchase of any Coals in the said Market, or any such Agreement as is herein after required, in case of any Cargo being fold in Shares in the said Market; and such Clerk, Agent, or Person so authorized, and who shall have previously delivered such Paper as aforesaid, shall be at Liberty, if he thinks fit, to sign or subscribe any such Bargain, Contract, or Agreement as aforesaid with the usual Signature or Firm of the Person or Persons on whose Behalf he shall so buy or enter into such Bargain, Contract, or Agreement, without being obliged to sign the Name or Names of such Person or Persons at full Length, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Clerk of the said Market shall and he is hereby required to enter every such Paper in a Book or Books to be kept for iucll Purpose, which Book or Books shall be open for the lnlpedtion or Perusal of any Person or Persons whomsoever on Demand, during inch Hours as the said Market shall be open; and if any such Buyer or Factor shall deliver to the said Clerk-of such Market any-fade or imperfect Paper , or Account of the Firm or Signature, or Gf the Christian and Surname or Names, or Place or Places of Abode, of himself, or oi himself and his Copartner or Copartners (as the Case may be), or if any such Clerk, Agent, or other Person as aforesaid, shall deliver to the said Clerk of the said Market any false or imperfect Paper, or any other than such Paper or Authority in Writing, to such Effect, and so

C Jxviil.

5°5

47° GEO. III. Scir. 2. A.D. 1807.

Coals may he purchased in the Market in Qu mfities of not

I el s than

II Chaldrons.

signed and subscribed as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if any such Clerk of the said Market shall refuse or neglect to enter, or copy, or cause to be entered or copied any such Paper in such Book or Books in Manner aforesaid, or shall not permit the Inspection or Perusal.thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, during such Hours as aforesaid, such Clerk so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That after the Cargo of any Ship or other Vessel shall have been entered with the Clerk of the said Market in Manner aforesaid, the Coals contained in such Cargo shall be and be deemed to be upon Sale during the Times for holding the said Market as herein-before mentioned; and if the Factor, Agent, or other Person having Power or Authority of felling the said Cargo of Coals, or of any Part or Parts thereof, 1 hall give an) undue [ reference in the Sale thereof, or refuse or decline to sell the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be deiirous of purchasing not less than Twenty-one Chaldrons thereof (Payment for such Coals being then and there tendered with sufficient Security for the Payment of Demurrage, in case of Detention in the Delivery) such Factor or Agent, or other Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Entries under 11 is

Evidence*

Penalty on Sale-of >ne Sait of Cj 11s for another 48ol.pct Chaldron.

9 Ann. c. 2

3 G. 2. c. 26.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, all Entries made by the Clerk of such Market, in such. Book or Books, in pursuance of the Directions of this ACT shall be Evidence in all Cales, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this ACT

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall knowingly fell one Sort of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not, within the said Port of London, or within the respective Cities of London or WeJL m'injier, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Fart or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and LJj'ex, as is or are situate within the Diitance of Twenty live Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, every such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall forfeit and pay, fer every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty' Pounds per Chaldron for every Chaldron so fold; and such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty imposed' by the said recited Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen jinne, intituled, An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent the future Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade; or by the said r; cited Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Rung George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coed Trade, 011 every Person who shall knowingly fell one Soil of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not: Provided always, that no Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall be subject to such Penalty^ for or in respect of any Number of Chaldrons exceeding Twenty-live Chaldrons, for the fam+e Offence.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

C. ixviii.

5°7

No Merer shall be appointed so a Snip uiitil Fart of the Coals arc fold.

Coal Ships -damaged inaj be unladen without waiting fur a Ship Mete v

XXXIV. And Whereas great Inconvenience has arisen from the Appointment of a Meter to a Ship or other Vessel for the Delivery ' of her Cargo of Coals before the same was ready for Delivery/ be it therefore further enacted, That no Meter shall be appointed to any Ship or other Vessel for the Delivery of her Cargo of Coals, until after the Account of the Sale of such Cargo of Coals shall have been entered with the Clerk of the Market, or until the Conclusion of the Market, in which the Account of the Sale of Three Score Chaldrons at the lead of the Coals contained in such Ship or other Vessel shall have been so entered with the Clerk of the said Market, in Manner herein directed.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel laden with Coals shall have arrived within any Part of the said Port of London, at or to the -West ward of Gravesend, and such Ship or Vessel shall, after (lie shall have arrived as aforei'aid, happen to be or become so damaged or injured as to render it prudent or necessary to remove without Delay the Coals contained in such Ship or Vessel out of such Ship or Vessel, then and in such Case nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to hinder or prevent the immediate unloading and removing the Coals with which any such Ship or Vessel shall be laden, from out ox such Ship or Vessel into any Lighters or Barges, or other Craft, without waiting for the Appointment or Arrival of any Ship Meter, and without any Person or Persons being subjectt or liable to any Penalty or Penalties whatsoever for or in respect of such Rem oval of any such. Coals.

XXXVI. And -be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Meter may lawful to and for any Meter employed to admeasure or deliver, or an

to superintend the Admeasurement or Delivery of any Coals from any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, to appoint from Time to Time, One of the Fellowship Porters to he such Meter's Man, or to assist such Meter in the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals, and from Time to Time to dismiss such Person so appointed at his Pleasure, and to appoint any other Fellow ship Porter to be such Meter's Man in the Room of the Person so diimiffed; and no Person so appointed by any Meter to be such Meter's Man, or to assist such Meter in the Delivery of the Coals from any such Ship or Vessel, shall be entitled to any Pay or Wages or Allowance ior any Detention, or to any other Benefit under this Act, except such Person shall be one of the Persons called Fellowship Porters; and that every such Person so to be appointed Meter's Man, or Aiful ant to any such Meter, shall (provided lie be a Fellowship Porter, but not otherwise) have and be entitled to receive and be paid by the Undertaker of any such Ship or Vessel, or by the Maker or Owner (where no Undertaker shall be employed) the same Wages or Sum of Three Shillings for every Twenty Chaldrons of Coals admeasured and delivered, and shall have and be entitled to receive and be paid by the Maker or Owner of any such Ship or Vessel, the same Sum or Allowance per Day for Detention Money, and shall also have and be entitled to receive and be paid all such other Emoluments as shall or ought to be paid, awarded, or allowed to any Coal-heaver or Whipper employed together with such Meter's Man in the Delivery of any such Ship or Vessel; and that such Undertaker shall have and be entitled to charge and receive, and be paid and allowed the same Profit or Allowance arid Emolument upon and in respect of such Meter's Man, as shall or ought to be paid or allowed to such Undertaker

Assistant out of the Fellowship Pollers.

Meters and

Coni heavers if unnecelT.irily dc-rnmed on bail'd a Ship, shall be entitled to Detention Money.

Money paid by Ship Matter or Owner for any Detention

taker upon or for any Coal-heaver or Whipper paid and employed by inch Undertaker together with such Meter's Man.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Meter, Meters Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, shall, by reason of the Delivery of a less Quantity of Coals than at the Rate of Forty-two Chaldrons a Day, from the Appointment of such Meter to deliver such Ship or Vessel, be detained on board any Ship or Vessel by reason of the Whole of the Coals not being delivered thereout, over or beyond inch Number of Days as the Whole of the Cargo thereof would have been delivered in, suppoiing such Coals had been delivered at the Rate of Forty-two Chaldrons a Day, then and in such Case the Maher or Owner of every such Ship or other Vessel, shall pay to every Inch Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-whipper, or Heaver, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Seven Shillings per Day, as or by Way of Detention Money for every Day that such Ship or Vessel shall have been detained beyond such Number of Days as afore-fcjch as any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London, or Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, or Surrey9according to the Turildiciion, shall award, on the Application of such Meter, Meter's Men, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, over and above all Colts and A; pen cos of such Application, provided that it shall appear to lush Justice or indices that inch Detention did not arise from the Dcdauli of the Meter, M-cter's Man, Coal-whipper, or Coal-heaver respectively; and every such Application to any such Justice or Justices shall be made by such Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, within Three Days next after the Day on which the Delivery of the Whole of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel shall have been completed; and if the Sum or Sums of Money which shall, upon any such Application, be awarded by such Justice or Justices to be paid as De. tention Money, for or on account of any such Detention and Costs by any such Ship-matter or Owner, to any such Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, shall not be immediately paid accordingly, such Sum or Sums shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Shipmaster or Owner, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices; and the Overplus of the Money, if any, raised by such Distress and Sale, (deducting the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid, and the Costs and Charges of making inch Distress and Sale), shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so dill mined; and for Want of Distress, and in case the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid shall not be immediately paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit such Mailer or Owner to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City or Place for which such Justice shall act, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Sum or Sums, and all reasonable Costs attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid; and every such Award, Order, and Proceeding of any such Justice or Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive; and no such Proceedings shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Pro, eels whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed by any such Justice or Justices of the Peace to be paid by any Shipmalter or Owner to any

C.lxviit.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

509

such. Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-heaver, or Whip per, as and by. way occasioned by of Detention Money, for any Detention which shall have been occa- rhc Default of fioned by, or have arisen from the Conduct of any Coal Buyer or ^11^', .^ Buyers, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or for any Costs by Coal Buyer, attending the Application for any such Detention Money; and such Sum or Sums of Money ./hall have been paid accordingly, then and in every such Case, such Coal Buyer or Buyers shall repay, or cause to be repaid to such Shipmafier or Owner, such Sum or Sums as such Shipmafier or Owner shall, in consequence of any such Direction,

have paid unto any such Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-heaver, or Whip-per, for any Detention so occassioned by such Coal Buyer or Buyers, or his, her, or their Agent or Agepts, and for any such Cods; and in case of any Neglect or Refusal in such Coal Buyer or Buyers, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, to make such Repayment, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of -His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London, or Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, or Surrey, according to the Jurisdiction, on the Application of such Shipmafier or Owner, to order such Coal Buyer to repay to such Shipmafier or Owner, any such Sum or Sums, or any Part or Parts thereof, which shall have been paid by such Shipmafier-or Owner, to such Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-heavers, or Whippere, in pursuance of the Direction of such Justice or Justices, for any such Detention and Costs, provided such Detention shall appear to such Justice or Justices to have been occasioned by, or to have arisen from the Default of such Coal Buyer or Buyeis, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents p and every such Application to any such Justice or Justices shall be made by such Shipmafier or Owner within Ten Days next after any such Detention Money and Costs shall have been awarded and paid by such Shipmafier or Owner; and if the Sum or Sums of Money which shall, upon any such Application, be ordered by such Justice or Justices to be repaid to such Shipmafier or Owner by such Coal Buyer or Coal Buyers, shall not be immediately repaid accordingly, such Sum or Sums shall be levied by Dili refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Coal Buyer or Buyers, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, and the Overplus of the Money {if any) raised by such Distress and Sale, (deducing the Money so ordered to be repaid, and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale), lha.ll be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for want of Distress, and in case the Money so ordered to be repaid shall not be accordingly immediately repaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, to commit such Coal Buyer or Buyers to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the City or Place for which such Justice or Justices shall act, there to remain, 'without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Sum or Sums, and all reasonable Costs attending the Recovery thereof, shall be foc-ner paid.

XXXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Coni Buyerst all 'no Coal Buyer or Buyers shall be subject or liable to the Payment Detection Money of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever as Detention Money, for except in confc-or in respect of the Detention of any such Meter, Meter's. Man, quenceofhis Coal-heaver, or Coal-heavers, on the Day, on'which a Meter shall ovvnAct. be appointed to any such Ship or Vessel, unless such Meter, Meter's " Man, Coal-heaver or Coahheavers respectively, shall be re quelled by.

Reh

5l°

C Ixv

47° GEO. III. Sefl. i.

A.D. 1807.

Coal Buyers or Mailer or Owner re: 'pccriv<?ly may appeal to Sections again it the Pecifionor the J uftite.

Ship Maiters lbali not bring Actions a gain ft Coal Buyers, to recoverDeiention Money.

No Person shall follow the Trade or a Caa)Undertake r without Cfcence from the Coui t of A1 tie mien.

such Cora Buyer or Buyers, or his or their Agents, to attend, and shall actually attend in consequence of such' Requell on board fticK Ship or Vessel during that Day; any Thing herein contained to the' contrary notwithstanding.

Z^L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Coal Buyer or Buyers, who shall be dissatisfied' with or feel h-imlelf or themselves aggrieved by afry such lad mentioned Order of any such Justice or Indices for the Repayment of any such Sum or Sums to' such Shipowner or Master, or if any such Shipowner or Mailer shall be dissatisfied with or feel himself aggrieved by the Determination, of any such justice or Indices, who shall, on any, such last mentioned' Application think proper to decline making any Order for any Inch Repayment, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Coal Buyer or Buyers, or Master or Owner respectively, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Semens or General Sessions to be holden for the County, City, or Place, where such Order for Repayment shall be made, or refused to be made, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding fuiTicient Security to the Satisfaction of such ludice orlustices (making; or declining to make such Order) for profecating the said Appeal with Efsect, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such ludices in such General Quarter Sessions or General Seifons, shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or annul the said Order or Determi nation or may make such other Order or Determination in the Matter of such Appeal, and award such Colls to either Party as to them the said luilices shall seem just and reasonable; and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive; and no such Proceedings shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, or other Proceeding whatsoever, shall be commenced or pro- fe-cuted by any such Ship-owner or Master against any such Coal Buyer or Buyers, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any other Court or Courts of Law or Equity, for the Recovery of, or otherwise respecting any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by any such Ship-owner or iVjhfter respectively, for any such Detention or Costs as aforesaid.-

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Person whosoever shall carry on, or exercise or follow the Trade, Business or Employ of a Coal Undertaker, or of providing Coal-heavers or Whippers for unloading Coals from any Ship or Vessel within the said Port of Lon* Con, unie'fs he or fine shall have previously obtained a Licence to carry on such Business from the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Linckn, which Com*t is hereby 'authorized to grant such Licence to such Person or Persons as shall at the Time of soliciting the same, produce before such Court a Recommendation, signed by Two of His Majesty, s Justices of the Peace, acting as such, for the Ciiy, County, Town, or Place, in which such Person or Persons reside; and every Person so licensed, shall pay for his or her l icence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and no more; and every such Licence shall be granted for, and remain in force for the Term of One Year,

3

C.lxviii.

A.D. 1807.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

Sit

to be computed from the Day of the Date thereof, and no longer; and the Christian and Surnames, and the Place of Abode of every Person so lice-nfed, shall within Twenty-four Hours after the granting such respective Licenses, be correctly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose at the Mansion Ho life of the City of London; and such Book shall at all suitable Times be open for Inspection, gratis, of any Person or Persons whatsoever applying to inspect the lame; and all and every Person or Persons, who shall carry on, exercise, or follow the said Trade of a Coal Undertaker, without having obtained such Licence, and procured the same to be entered as aforesaid, or who shall carry on, exercise, or follow such Trade for any longer or other Term than shall be expressed in any such Licence so obtained, and procured to be entered as aforesaid, shall, for every Coal-heaver or Whipper so provided by him or her, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pound.0, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Lord Mayor or Complaint shall be made to the said Lord Mayor, or to the Sitting SittmgAldcrmen Alderman or Aldermen for the Time being of the said City of London, m^y(ufPeild» of or relating to the Conduct of any such licensed Coal Undertaker Aider awn °ni.»y in his ar her said Trade or Business, the said Mayor or Sitting Al- eral'e the N.une derman or Aldermen shall and may cause him or her to be brought of, any Coal before him or them, and if upon hearing the said Complaint, it shall Undertaker appear to the said Mayor or Sitting Alderman or Aldermen, that the said Coal Undertaker shall have afled corruptly or improperly, or have offended in any Manner against the Provisions or true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor or Sitting Alderman or Aldermen to suspend such Coal Undertaker from carrying on his or her Trade or Business of Undertaker, until the holding or fitting of the then next Court of the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen; and if upon such Complaint being brought and heard before the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, at inch their then next Sitting, it shall appear to the said Court that such Coal Undertaker shall have acted corruptly or improperly, or have offended in Manner aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen to cause the Name of such Coal Undertaker to be erased from the said Book of licensed Coal Undertakers; and if any such Undertaker shall, either during such Time for which he or she shall be so suspended, or after the Time of such Erasure of his or her Name being so made from such Book, carry on, exercise, or follow the said Trade of a Coal Undertaker, every such Person so offending shall, for every Coal-heaver provided by him or her either during the Interval of such Suspension, or subsequently to such Erasure, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall g*o to the Informer.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Coal Undertaker, Oath of Coil or other Person providing any Coal heaver or Coal-heavers for the Undertaker. Purpose of unloading Coals from any Ship or other Vessel within the said Port of London. shall provide any such Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers, without having first. taken before the Lord Mayor, or One of the Aldermen of the City of London, the Oath following (which they are hereby empowered to administer); that is to fa*,

I A.B. do swear, That I will well and truly exercise the Business or Employ of a Coal Undertaker or Provider of Coal-heavers,

and

C.lxviii.

47° GEO. III. Setr.2.

A.D. 1807.

Penalty on

Victual let s acting as Coal Uivclc lakers.

Siiovc'is and other Implements for the mi loading of Cu.at Ships shall] ft- provided l»y cS.t Ship-MdHer.

Pay or Wages cf Undo takers, Coal-heavers, and Meter's Men,

c and so long as I shall continue to exercise that Bufmess, I will in c all Things conform myself to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George i the Third, intituled, An Act for'repealing the fevered Acts for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities of London and e Westminster, and Liberties thereof and in certain Parts of the Conn- ties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, and for making better < Provision for the same.'

Every Inch Coal Undertaker, or other Person as aforesaid, shall, for every such Coal-heaver so provided by him, her, or them, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

XLV. provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any licensed Victualler, Alehousekfceper, or Innkeeper, concerned or interested, directly or indirectly, either ip his or her own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, or by way of Partnership or Agreement, to receive any Part of the Profts of such Trade or Trades, shall, directly or indirectly, exercise the Business or Employ of a Coal Undertaker, or of providing any Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers, or any Shovels, Baskets, or other Implements for unloading any Coals from any Ship or other Vessel within the said Port of London, every such Victualler, Alehousekeeper, or Innkeeper shall, for every such Coal-heaver, Shovel, Basket or other Implement provided by him or her, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Master, or Owner or Owners of every Ship or Vessel from which any Coals shall be unloaded or delivered within the said Port of London shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to provide and find, at his and their own Expence, all such Shovels, Baskets, and other Implements, as shall be requisite and proper for the Unloading or Delivery of the Coals from "any such Ship or Vessel; and no such Shovel, Basket, or other Implement, shall be let out for hire by or to any Person or Persons whomsoever, save and except by a licensed Coal Undertaker or Undertakers, to any such Shipmaster or Owner, Mailers or Owners, his or their Agent or Agents, who shall employ such Coal Undertaker or Undertakers; and if any Person or Persons whosoever, not being a Coal Undertaker or Undertakers duly licensed as aforesaid, shall let out to hire 'any Shovel or Shovel*, Basket or Baskets, or other Implement or Implements, for the-unloading of any such Ship or Vessel, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or if any licensed Coal Undertaker shall let out to hire any Shovel or Shovels, Basket or Baskets, or other Implement or Implements for the Unloading or Delivery of any such Ship or Vessel to any Person or Persons /whomsoever, save and except to the Master or Owner of any such Ship, or to his Agent or Agents, every fueli Person so offending shall, for every such Shovel, Basket, or other Implement so let out, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every Coal Undertaker shall receive and have from the Master, or Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel in the Port of London, for every Chaldron of Coals, delivered by the Coal-heavers by him or her provided for that Purpose, the Sum of One Penny, in full Compensation for his or her Trouble

and

C. lxviii.

5r3

and that the several Coal-heavers and Meter's Men shall be entitled to and receive from the Undertaker, or from the Mailer when no Undertaker is employed, for every Twenty Chaldrons of Coals by them delivered; , the Sum of Three Shillings each, in full for their respective Wages or Pay.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Court of and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London from Time to Time to increase wages of Coal the several Sums payable to the Coal Undertakers, and also the Wages Undertakers, or Hire payable for Labour to the Ship Coal Meters, Meters' Men, &c. and Coal-heavers respectively, and from Time to Time to reduce the same, when it shall appear reasonable and equitable to them so to do; and if any such Shipmaster or Owner, or his Agent or Agents, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal Undertaker, or if any such Master, Owner, Undertaker, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal-heaver, Ship Coal Meter, or Meter's Man, any greater or less Sum, or at or after any greater or less Rate than is hereby or may be hereafter so settled or appointed by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, to be paid or payable to such Undertakers, Meters, Meters' Men, or Coal-heavers respectively, every such Maher, Undertaker, or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Hire and Wages of How the Wages Coal-heavers or Whippers, and Meters' Men, shall be really and bond of Coal-heavers jide paid by the Mailers or Owners of Ships, or their Agents, to the be PaicJ* Undertaker when any Undertaker shall be employed; and such Undertaker shall pay and divide, or cause to be paid and divided, such Hire and Wages so received by him for that Purpose, among the said Meters' Men and Coalheavers or Whippers; and when no Undertaker shall be employed, then such Mailers or Owners respectively shall pay or divide such Hire or Wages, really and bond jide, unto or among such Meters' Men and Coal-heavers respectively; and if any such Mailer or Owner shall pay, or if any such Undertaker shall pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal-heaver or Meter's Man, such Wages or Pay, or any Part thereof, by way of Barter or Exchange, in any Coals, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Meat, Drink, Lodging or Materials for Wearing Apparel, or with any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, other than Current Money, or shall make any Deduction or Abatement from or out of such Wages or Pay, under Pretence of furnishing Baskets, Shovels, or other Implements ufedinthe unloading of Coals, or for or under any other Pretence whatsoever, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

L And be it further enacted, That-the Undertaker shall pay, or Coal-heavers cause to be paid the Hire and Wages of the Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers th all nor be paid employed by him, unto and amongst all such Coal-heavers, at his Ac- their Wages at counting House, or other convenient Place far that Purpose; and Alehouse, sphere no Undertaker is employed, the Shipmaster or Owner shall himself pay and divide the same equally amongst the Coal-heavers, on board the Ship or Vessel in which they shall have been employed; and if any such Master or Owner where no Undertaker is employed shall pay or if any such Undertaker shall pay or cause to be paid 4? Geo. III. L1 to

S!4

C.lxviii.

47° GEO. III. Self 2.

A.D. 1807.

XJndei tikrrs shall, during the Time of the Snip', Delivery, advance ro Cod-hcaveis requeuing the lame, One Half of the Wages' then earned by such Cual-hcaveis.

TJn dertakers iln a 11 pay We Coal lira ves s in full witl.m a limited Tnne after each Slop's Delia cry.

Cndertnkrrs niay deduct the Money i'o a&wiucta wiiej 1

to any such Coal-heaver any such Hire or Wages, or any Part thereof, at any Ale House, Victualling House, or Inn, or in any other Description of Place than as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who shall be employed as the Undertaker or Undertakers for the Delivery or Unloading of Coals from any Ship or Vessel within the said Port of London, shall, and such Coal Undertaker or Undertakers is and are hereby directed and required from Time to Time, during the Time of the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel, to advance to all or tiny of the respective Coal-heavers or Whippers employed by such Undertaker or Undertakers in the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel, who shall requeil the same, One Half of the Wages already earned by and then due to any of such respective Coal- heavers o'r Whippers for Work done in or towards the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel previous to the making of any fuclr Request: Provided such Coal-heavers or Whippers respectively shall attend to receive the same between the Hours of Five and Seven of the Clock in the Evening.

LIT. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Coal Undertaker and Undertakers shall, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required, after the Delivery of the Cargo of Coals out of any such Ship or Vessel shall be completed, and at or before Seven of the Clock in the Evening of the Day on which such Delivery shall be finished, in case such Delivery shall be completed before Five of the Clock in the Evening, or at or before Seven of the Clock of the Evening of the next Day after the Completion of such Delivery, to pay or cause to be paid to all and every of the respective Coal-heavers or Whippers employed in the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel, who shall apply in reasonable Time, and attend to receive the lame, the Whole of the Money or Wages due or remaining due to each of such Coal-heavers and Whippers respectively lo applying and attending to receive the same, for working in the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel; but whenever the Day next after the Day on which the Delivery of any such Ship or Vessel shall be fmished, shall happen to be a Sunday, Good Friday, Chrijbaas Day, or a Salt Day by Proclamation, then and v: such Case the Whole of such respective Wages so due or remaning due shall be paid by such Coal Undertaker or Coal Undertakers to all and every such respective Coal-heavers or Whippers who shall apply in reasonable Time and attend to receive the same, at or bemre Nine of the Clock of the Day on which such Delivery shall be completed, whether such Delivery shall be idnifired at or before Five of the Clock in the Evening on such Day or not; and if any such Coal Undertaker or Unde, takers shall not, at or before such Time or respective Times as oerein-before for that Purpose appointed, according to the ieverai Cases herein-before toccified, pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal-heaver or Wh pper, who shall apply in a reasonable Time anti attend to receive the la ne, the Whole of such Money or Wages due or remaining due to such Coal-heaver or Whipper as aforesaid. every such Coal Undertaker so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained fit all extend or cw construed to extend so as to hinder or prevent any such Coal Undertaker or Undertakers from deducting any Money

which

5*5

A.D. 1807.

47

GEO. III. Self.

C. IxviiU

which shall be so advanced by him, her, or them, daring the Time they finally of the Delivery of any finch Ship or Vessel, to any such Loal-heaver havers* or Whipp^r, or respective Coal-heavers or Whippers, in Part of his or their respective Wages, when such Undertaker or Undertakers shall finally settle with and pay oft any such Coal-heaver or Whipper, or Coal-heavers or Whippers respectively, after the De4ivery of such Ship or Vessel shall have been completed.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Undertaker "or Basket Man, or any Publican to whose House Coal-heavers may re- nor m uterTtalce fort, or any Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, shall give Jny Reward for or grant, or promise to give or grant any Money, or other Gift or Re- giving any ward, to any Maker or Makers, Owner or Owners of any Ship or Jleference toany Vessel Lden with Coals in the Port of London, for any Permission or J^1 Co^l-heavcfi Privilege to procure Coal-heavers, or for the said Maker or Makers,

Owner or Owners, to employ any particular Coal Undertaker, or Gang or Gangs of Coal-heavers, for the unloading any such Ship or Vessel, or if any such Maker or Makers, Owner or Owners, shall take or receive any such Money, or other Gift or Reward, for any such Purpose, from such Undertaker, Basket Man, Publican, or other Person or Persons, on his, her, or their Behalf, every such Maker,

Owner, Undertaker, Basket Man, Publican, or other Person, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Meter super- Ship Meters intending the Admeasurement or Delivery of any Coals from any Ship ^al, >'ve or other Vessel into any lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, and he^r^tes and they is and are hereby required to give and deliver to the Lighter- delivered int<$ man or other Person having the Care or Management of the lighter, -ea.h Lighter. Barge, or other Craft into which the Coals from such Ship or other Vessel shall be admeasured or delivered, before such lighter, Barge, or other Craft shall quit such Ship or other Vessel, a Certificate or Certificates of the Quantity of Coals admeasured or delivered into such lighter, Barge, or other Craft; and each and every Certificate shall be numbered, beginning with Number One for the Firk Certificate delivered, and so on in an arithmetical Progvefiion ascending, whereof the common Excess or Difference shall be always One, until the whole Cargo of Coals contained in such Ship or other Vessel shall be delivered; and every such Certificate shall be witnessed by the Maker or Mate of ^.uch Ship or other Vessel, and kiall be made in the following Form

Number \_here insert the Number of the Certificate.\

9 T do hereby certify, That I have delivered from on board

9 A the [here insert the Name of the Ship or other Vessiel, and also the9Masters Christian and Surname] Maker, from [here insert the Name9of the P ort where the Coals were put on board-\ of [here insert the Name9by which) the Coals are knownJ Coals [here insert the Number of9Chaldrons] Chaldrons, in the Room, [or, Rooms, if more than One]

9 NJ [here specify the Number of the Room> reckoning from the Head to9the Stern] of the Lighter [or. Barge, or other Craft] called the [here9insert the Name of the lighter, Barge, or other Craft] Number T here9insert the Number of the lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and the Name ( of the Lighterman] Lighterman, on account of [here insert the Name

5*6

C.lxviii.

47°" GEO. III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

Lightermen shall deliver fuel* Certificate to the Wharfinger.

of the Buyer of the Coals, or the Person for whose Use fuel: Coals are delivered, as shall he required.] A.B. Meter.

' Witness C.D. Master, \_or, Mate.]

Port of London [here insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year in which such Coals were delivered.]*

And in case such Coals shall be sold by Weight, the Word Tons shall be inserted in such Certificate or Certificates, in lieu of the Word Chat-drons; and in the making out such Certificate or Certificates, no Figure shall be made use of, but each and every Word shall be legibly written at Length save and except the Date of the Year, which may be written in Figures); and every such Lighterman, or other Person having the Care or Management of such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, upon the Delivery of such Certificate, pay to the Meter or other Person superintending the Delivery of such Coals, the Sum of Three-pence for each and every such Certificate; and if any Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals, shall refuse or neglect to give or deliver such Certificate, signed with hip own Name, and in his own HandWriting, and drawn in Manner aforesaid, tb the Person or Persons having the Care or Management of such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or shall wilfully give or deliver the same with a wrong or false Number of the Certificate inserted therein, or with a wrong or false Name of the Ship or other Vessel, or of the Master, or of the Port where the Coals were put on board such Ship or other Vessel, or of the Name or Names, Sort or Sorts of the Coals, or with a wrong or false Account of the Quantity of Coals admeasured or delivered into any Room of such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, inserted therein, or with a wrong or false Name or Names of the Lighterman, or of the Buyer or other Person for whose Use such Coals are delivered, or with a wrong or false Month or Date thereof, or of the Year, or without the Signature of such Master or Mate thereto, or make use of any Fraud, Covin, or Device, by which the same shall be wrong or false; or if any such Master or Mate shall refuse or neglect to sign any such Certificate when true and accurate, or shall sign any such Certificate, knowing the Whole or any Part or Parts thereof to be wrong or false, or if any such Lighterman, or other Person having the Care or Management of such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, mail not wait a reasonable Time after the Coals shall have been so admeasured or delivered for the Purpose of receiving such Certificate or Certificates, or shall refuse or neglect to receive the same, or shall, on the Delivery of every such Certificate, refuse or neg-le6t to pay the Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement "or Delivery of such Coals the aforesaid Sum of Three-pence for each and every such Certificate, then and in every such Case, every such Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals so offending, and every such Master or Mate so offending, and each and every such Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Lighterman, or other Person having the Care or Management of any lighter, Barge, or other Craft laden with Coals, in the said Port of London, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver gratis, before any Part of the said Coals shall be taken out of any such lighter, Barge, or

C. lxviii

5'1

other Craft, to the Holder or Holders of the Wharf or other Landing Place where such Coals are intended to be delivered, or to his, her, or their Servant, the Certificate of the Quantity of Coals measured or weighed into such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and herein directed to be given to such Lighterman or other Person by the Meter admeasuring or weighing the Coals from any Ship or other Vessel in the said Port of London^ into such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, for the Inspection of all those Persons who may be interested in the Purchase or Delivery of such Coals; and if any such Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of any such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, to whom any such Certificate shall have been delivered by fusil Ship Meter, shall refuse or neglect to deliver the same in Manner aforesaid to such Wharfinger or Holder of such Wharf or other Landing Place, such Lighterman or other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; or if any Holder or Holders of a Wharf or other Landing Place,

Wharfinger or Wharfingers, to whom such Certificate shall have been delivered, shall refuse or neglect to permit any Person concerned in the Purchase or Delivery of such Coals at all reasonable Times to inspedf inch Certificate, every such Holder or Holders of a Wharf or other Landing Place, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding T.venty Pounds; or if any such Lighterman, Holder of the Wharf, or other Person, shall wilfully erase, deface, alter, or destroy such Certificate, or be aiding or assisting the rein, or permit or suffer the same to be done, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That each and every such Meter Ship Merer* admeasuring or weighing, or attending the Admeasurement or Weigh- all ^peP ing of any Coals from any Ship or other Vessel within the said Port of Q^jeiUcred* London, into any lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or on any Quay or by tbcmj Landing Place, shall keep a Book or Books, and shall enter therein the Name of the Ship or other Vessel, and the several Quantities of Coals delivered by him or them from such Ship or other Vessel, together with the Day of the Month and Year on which such several Quantities shall have been delivered, and the Name and Number or Numbers marked or described on the Lighter or Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft, and the several Quantities of Coals delivered into each Room or Division of such respective lighter, Barge, or Craft, or the Name of the Quay or Landing Place into or upon which such Coals have been delivered; and such Entry or Entries shall, when all the Coals contained in such Ship or other Vessel shall have been delivered, be signed by such Meter or Meters, and witnessed by the Mafieror other Person having the Care or Charge of such Ship or other Vessel; and such Meter or Meters shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, gratis, a Copy of and deliver same the respective Entries from such Book or Books to the Clerk of the to Clerk, of thej said Market, with the Factor or Factors Name or Names inscribed MarlceU thereon, within Twenty-four Hours after the unloading thereof of Coals; and every such Clerk is hereby required to receive and preserve'all such Copies of the Entries contained in such Book or Books; and if any such Meter shall make a false Entry or Entries in such Book or Books of the Name of such Ship or other Vessel, or of the Quantity of Coals delivered thereout, or of the Day, or Month, or Year, or of

L1 3 the

5iS C.lxviii. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

the Name or Names, of Number or Numbers, of the Lighter or Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Cratt, or of the several Quantities of Coals delivered into each Room or Division of each respective lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or of the Name of any Quay or Landing Place into or upon which the Coals from such Ship or other Vessel shall have been delivered, or (hah not deliverer cause to be delivered such Copies of the Entries contained in such Book or Books to such Clerk within the Time aforesaid, or if the Mailer or other Person having the Care or Charge of such Ship or other Vessel shall refuse or neglect to witness such Entry or Entries, when true and correct, or shall knowingly witness any such false Entry or Entries, or if any such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to receive and preserve such Entry or Entries, Book or Books, or shall refuse or not permit the Inspection or Perusal thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever on Demand, at any Time or Times during such Days and Hours as such Market shall be kept open, every such Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

[Penalty for

LV1IL And be it further enacted, That if any Ship Owner or

Vat from & being Owners, Matter or Matters, Mate or Mates, Coal Undertaker or Unfilled according dertakers. Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or his or their Agents, or any io the Directions Coal-heaver or Winpper, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, of the Meter. shall, directly or indirectly, in any Manner prevent or attempt to prevent any Meter, who fit all be engaged in the Admeasurement or Delivery, or in superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery of any Coals from any Ship or Vessel within the said Port of London, from having the Vat or other Measure filled according to the Directions of such Meter employed in the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals from on board such Ship or Vessel, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Spout or Stage I.IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Stage i.g (hooting or gpQ^ by which any Coals shall be shot from any such Ship or Vessel within the Port of London, into any lighter, Barge, or other provided by' Craft, shall be provided by the Mailer or Owner of such Ship or Matter or Vessel, and that every such Stage or Spout used for such Purpose,

Owner: and so to be provided as aforesaid, shall be of not less than the

Its Dunensions, respe£fcjve Dimensions following; that is to say, Five Feet Six Inches wide at the Top, Four Feet Six Inches wide at the Bottom, and Ten Inches high at the Sides, and of a proper Length, as the Case may require: and if any such Matter or Owner shall neglect to provide for his Ship or Vessel such Stage or Spout, of such respective Dimensions as aforesaid, or shall not use or cause to be used such Stage or Spout when it shall be necessary or proper to use such Stage or Spout for the {hooting or delivering of any Coals from any such Ship or Vessel into any lighter, Barge, or other Craft, within the said Port of London, then and in every such Case every such Matter or Owner so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds,

LX. And be it further enacted, That when the Whole of the Cargo of Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel shall be purchased by find fold in Shares to different Buyers in the said Market, or their Clerks or Agents, who shall have been lawfully authorized as aforesaid, and who shall have previously delivered in such Authority in Writing to the Clerk of the said Market as aforesaid, on the Behalf of

When a Cargo of Coals is sold to d)ffi-lent Buyers how to "be delivered.

C. lxviii.

519

any such different Buyers respectively, then and in such Case such different Buyers or their Clerks or Agents so authorized, and who shall have delivered in such Paper to the Clerk of the said Market as aforesaid, shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required within One Hour after the Close of the Market on the Day when such Purchase shall be made, to sign an Agreement specifying the Turns in which each of such different Buyers is to receive his parti ular Share of such Cargo, and which Agreement Snail.also be aftelied and subscribed with the Name of the Factor or Factors, or Seller or Sellers of such Coals, as the Witness or Witnesses thereto, and such Fadlof or Factors, Seller or Sellers of such Coals, shall deliver in, or cause to be delivered in, at the Sea Coal Meter's Office, such Agreement when so signed and subscribed, at or before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Cargo shall be purchased; and the Principal Clerk for the Time being of such Office shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Agreement to the Ship Meter who shall be appointed to measure or superintend the Admeasurement and Delivery of such Cargo, and such Meter shall, immediately upon his Arrival on board inch Ship or Vessel, deliver such Agreement to the Mailer or Mate of such Ship or Vessel; and each of such ref, ective Buyers shall be entitled to have, and shall have, the several Quantities of Coals purchased by or on the Behalf of such Buyers respectively, delivered to them out of such Ship or Vessel, in and according to the Turns expressed in such Agreement so delivered to such Mailer or Mate; and when and as soon as the Delivery of such Cargo from on board such Ship or Vessel shall be completed, such Maker or Mate shall, and he is hereby required immediately to re-deliver or cause to be re-delivered such Agreement to such Meter, and such Meter shall, and he is hereby required within Twenty-four Hours after such Re-delivery of the same to him, to deliver or cause to be delivered such Agreement to the Clerk of the said Market, at the Office of the said Market, and such Clerk of the said Market shall and he is hereby required to file every such Agreement on a File or Files to be kept for that Purpose, which File shall be open for the Search or Inspection of any Person or Persons on Demand, during such Hours as the said Market shall be open; and if any such Person or Persons so buying any such Share on his own Account, or the Account of himielt and his Copartner or Co-partners, or as the Clerk or Agent on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to !ign such Agreement as aforesaid, or if any such Factor or other Seller shall refuse or neglect to subscribe the same as aforesaid, or shall not deliver or cause to be delivered any inch Agreement which shall have been so signed, into the said Sea Coal Meter's Office, at or before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Cargo shall be purchased, or if such Principal Clerk of such Office shall refuse or neglect to deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Agreement so left at such Office to such Meter so appointed to such, Ship or Vessel, or if such Meter shall refule or neglect to deliver immediately upon his Arrival on board such Ship or Vessel such Agreement so received by him to such Maker or Mate of such Ship or Vessel, or if any such Maker or Mate, to whom such Agreement shall have been delivered, shall refuse to permit any Person or Persons applying for that Purpose, at any Time before the hole of the Cargo shall have been delivered, to inspect such Agreement, which shall have been so

L 1 4 signed

52o

C.lxviii.

Lightermen may carry on -Parmership with Coal Dealers.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

signed and delivered to such Mailer or Mate, or if any such Mailer or Mate, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall in any Manner obllrudl, or attempt to obstruct the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Cargo in or according to such Turns, or if any such Mailer or Mate to whom any such Agreement shall have been delivered, shall not immediately after the Delivery of such Cargo from on board such Ship or Vessel shall be completed, re-deliver or cause to be re-delivered such Agreement to such Meter, or if such Meter to whom any such Agreement shall have been so redelivered shall not, within Twenty-four Hours after the Re-delivery thereof to him, deliver or cause to be delivered such Agreement to the said Clerk of the said Market, at his Office in the said Market, or if such Clerk of the said Market shall refuse or neglect to file or cause to be hied any such Agreement on such File or Files in Manner aforesaid, or shall not permit any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, to search for and mfpedl any such Agreement, during such Hours as aforesaid, every inch Buyer, Clerk, Agent, Factor or Seller, Maher or Mate, Meter, or other Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence., any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Lighterman or other Person having or pretending to have, or assuming the Care or Management of any lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, without the Consent and Permission of the Buyer or Buyers, or his or their Agent whose Turn it is to load according to the aforesaid Agreement, load, or direct or suffer to be loacted, any such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, with any Quantity whatever of Coals from any such Ship or Vessel, out of or in Violation of the Turn or Order of Working or Delivery which shall have been agreed upon by and amongst the different Buyers of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel, or their respective Agents as aforesaid, every such Lighterman or other Person so having or assuming the Management of such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Lighterman or Lightermen, to enter into Copartnership with any Woodmonger or Woodmongers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever in the Trade or Business of a Coal Dealer or Coal Dealers, and to carry on as Copartner or Copartners with such Person or Persons such Trade or Business of a Coal Dealer or Dealers, and to keep, use, and employ, as such Copartners, their own Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, in and for the carrying of Coals to and from any such Ship or other Vessel in the River Thames, and to and from any Wharf, Dock, Creek, or other Place whatsoever, on or near the said River Thames. without being subject to any Penalty or Penalties for any such joint trading together, any Act, Statute, Bye Law, or Ordinance whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to authorize or empower any Lighterman or Lightermen to be or become jointly interested with any AVoodmonger or Woodmongers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, (not being a Lighterman or Lightermen), in the Trade or Business of carrying in Lighters for Hire any Sort or Description of Goods whatsoever, other than and except only such Coals as maybe lightered by them in their laid Trade of Coal Dealers.

521

LXII. And Whereas it would tend greatly to the Prevention of Fraud, if certain particular Quantities of Coals only were permitted e to be loaded info Barges, Lighters, or other Craft, from Ships and 6 other Vessels discharging their Cargoes of Coals in the said River Thames/ be it therefore further enacted, That if any Meter delivering Coals shall load, or permit or suffer to be loacted, from any such Ship or other Vessel in the River Thames, into any lighter, Barge or other Craft, a less Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or any Quantity between Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, and Ten Chaldrons and Two Vats, or Forty-two Vats or any Quantity between Ten Chaldrons and Two Vats or Forty-two Vats, and Fifteen Chaldrons and Three Vats or Sixty-three Vats, or any Quantity between Fifteen Chaldrons and Three Vats or Sixty-three Vats, and between Twenty-one Chaldrons or Eighty-four Vats, or otherwise so that there shall be a less Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or than some Multiple ofjFive Chaldrons, and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, in any such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or in any Room or Rooms, Division or Divisions thereof, save and except for the Clearance of such Ship or other Vessel when the Cargo is reduced to a less Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or if any Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, without the Permission or Consent of such Meter, take away his or their lighter, Barge, or other Craft from any such Ship or other Vessel, so as to prevent the same from being loaded with the Quantity herein directed, then and in.every such Case every such Meter so offending, and every such Lighterman or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the Shooting or Delivery of Coals in Bulk from any such Ship or Vessel into any partitioned or divided lighter, Barge, or other Craft, in case the Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such lighter, Barge, or Craft, shall dfclire to have his Coals so loaded in Bulk: Provided nevertheless, that the Quantity of Coals so to be loaded or delivered in Bulk shall always consist: of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or some Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, so that there shall not be any Quantity less than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or than some Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, in any such lighter, Barge, or other Craft so loaded in Bulk, save and except for the Clearance of Inch Ship or Vessel when the Cargo is reduced to a less Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Meter or other Person shall (hoot or deliver, or shall permit, suffer, or cause to be (hot or delivered from any Ship or other Vessel in the Port of London, any Coals into any open dr undivided lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or into any Room or Division of any divided lighter, Barge or other Craft, containing any Coals obtained or received from any other Ship or Vessel, or from any other lighter, Barge, or Craft, or from any other Place whatsoever, save and except from the Ship or other Vessel from which stich Meter or other Person shall be (hooting

or

Not less than Chaldron? and one Vat or some Multiple of that Quantity, shall be dHivtred into any Barge or Room of a Barge.

0

But Coals mat be laden in Buik.

Meter shall not deliver Coals

into open Barges or into Rooms of Baiges having Coals m them before.

523

Except into empty Rooms.

In case Bruges have the Clearance of a Ship on board, Co.ds of the lame Sort may be put therein,

©n the Production of the Certificate from the former Ship,

Penalty on Ship Meters lor tleliveiing Certificates without measuring the Coals.

Penalty on giving Gifts to Ship Meteis,

C.lxvlii. 47° GEO. III. SeiT.2. A.D. 1807.

or delivering Coals or shall be in anywise aiding or assisting the rein, then and in every such Case every such Meter, and every Inch other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LX'V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to prevent or hinder the Shooting and Delivery of Coals into any empty Room or Rooms of any lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or into the vacant or unloaded End or Part of any open or undivided lighter, Barge, or other Craft.

LXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That as often as it shall happen that any lighter, Barge, or Craft, or any Room of any divided lighter, Barge, or other Craft, which may have been loaded by the Room, shall, by reason of its having been loaded with the Clearance of any such Ship or Vessel contain any Quantity iefs than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats or any Quantity which shall not be some Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat, or Twenty-one Vats, then and in such Case nothing herein before contained 'shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the Shooting or Delivery from any other or different Ship or Vessel into such lighter, Barge, or Craft, or Room of any such lighter, Barge, or Craft, so containing such deficient Clearance of such former Ship, any Quantity of Coals, provided that such additional Coals be of the same Kind or Description of Coals as those which may have been cleared out of such first Ship, and provided the Certificate or Certificates of the Meter or Meters from the Ship from whence such lighter, Barge, or other Craft shall have been in Part loacted, be previously produced to the Meter on board the Ship from which such lighter, Barge, or other Craft shall be so filled up, and provided likewdfe that such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or such Room, when so filled up, shall contain either Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats of Coals or some Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats.

LXVIL. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship Meter shall give a Certificate for the Delivery of any Parcel or Quantity of Coals, from any Ship or other Vessel, -within the said Port of London, without having duly and truly measured the same, or superintended the Admeasurement of the Whole of such Coals by- the Vat, such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship Owner or Owmers, Master or Masters, Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, or any Person or Persons cn his, her, or their Behalf, shall give or grant, or promise to give or grant any Money, or any Coals, or any other Gift or Reward to any Ship Meter or Meters employed in the Admeasurement of Coals from or out of any Ship or Vessel laden with Coals, within the said Port of London, for or on account of such Meter or Meters having measured, or being about to measure, any Coals from any such Ship or Vessel for such Buyer or Buyers, Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or if any such Ship Meter or Meters shall take or receive any such Money, Coals, or other Gift or Reward, from any such Owner or Owners, Master or Masters, Buyer or Buyers, Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or other Person or Persons, on his, her, or their

Behalf,

A.D. 1807.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

C. lxviii.

523

merit of Con- on b- h^if of the Pure hater or Vender I >7 the Vat.

Behalf, then and in such Case every such. Owner, Mailer, Buyer,

Vender, Dealer, Meter, and other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Pro- Sums specified vided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to subject or^render liable to the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds, any Ship deemed Gilts. Owner or Ship Owners, Mailer or Matters, Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, or any Person on his, her, or their Behalf, for giving or granting, or promising to give or grant any of the several Sums of Money specified in the Schedule in this Act contained, and for the several Purposes therein mentioned; but such several Sums in such Schedule specitted shall be paid and payable by the several Persons therein mentioned to such Ship Meter or Meters, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Purchaser or For Remeasure-Purchasers, Vender or Venders of Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers, Vender or Venders, respectively, shall be dissatisfied with the Measure of any Coals admeasured from any Ship or other Vessel, and shall within One Hour after the Delivery of such Coals into the lighter, Barge, or other Craft belonging to or sent by the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and before such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall have left the Ship or other Vessel from whence such Coals shall have been d livered, signify to the Meter on board inch Ship or other Vessel, his, her, or their Desire, to have the same remeasured, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Purchaser or Purchasers, Vender or Venders, of such Coals, his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers, or Vender or Venders, to leave, or cause a Notice to be left in Writing, at the Sea Coal Meter's'Office, desiring that such Coals may be remeasured, and specifying the lighter, Barge, or other Craft, containing such Coals so required to be remeasured, and where inch lighter, Barge, or other Craft, is then lying, and on the Receipt of such Notice, Two Deputy Meters from such Office shall forthwith attend to remeasure such Coals, and shall accordingly forthwith remea-iure such Coals by the Vat, in the Presence of the Ship Meter who shall have so measured such Coals into such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, or Purchaser or Purchasers, of such Coals, his, her, or their Servant or Servants respectively, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such Vender or Venders respectively, in case they or any of them shall attend to fee the same remeasured; and in case the Clerk at such Sea Coal Meter's Office shall neglect or refuse to fend such Two Deputy Meters, or in case such Two Deputy Meters shall neglect or refuse to attend within Six PTours after such Notice in Writing left as aforesaid, or to remeasure such Coals in Manner aforesaid, provided the aforesaid lighter, Barge, or other Craft, be not taken away or removed from the Ship or Vessel from which such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, was loacted, then and in every such Case such Clerk, and every such Deputy Coal Meter so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and for such Remeasurement the Person or Persons so requiring such Coals to be remeasured shall p ly the Coal Meters

C. Ixvlii.

5H

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

Sl ip Meters may be impended from their Offices if con v idled oi my Penalty rcr Reliveii: iy ul(c Mealisre*

attending such Remeasurement at and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and the Vat for remeasuring such Coals shall be placed and affixed for the Purpose of being used for such Remeasurement at the Costs and Charges of the Person or Persons so desiring such Remeasurement; and in case the Coals so remeasured shall either not amount to or exceed the Quantity mentioned in the Certificate of the Ship Meter, as required by this Act, the Coal Meter who shall have measured the Coals from the Ship or other Vessel into such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, in case such Deficiency or Excels shall exceed Pour Bushels, and not exceed Seven Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Five Chaldrons and One A7at so deficient or exceeding, the Sum of Three Pounds, and also the Expences of the placing and affixing such Vat, and all other Expences attending such Remea-iurement; and in case such Deficiency or Ereefs, shall exceed Seven Bufnels, and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such Case such Meter shall for every such Five Chaldron and One Vat so deficient or exceeding, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and also such Expences of fixing the said Vat, and such other Expences attending such Re-admeasurement; and in cale such Deficiency or Excels shall amount to more than Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such Case such Meter shall, for every such Bushel in such Five Chaldrons and One Vat so deficient or exceeding, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and also such Expences attending the Re-admeasurement; such Expences to be settled and determined by the Justice or Justices before whom the said respective Penalties may be recovered, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the-Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting all such Expences attending such Re-admeasurement and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to sub-]e£t or make liable any such Meter to any of the said Penalties for having given less Measure than the Quantity mentioned in the said Certificate, unless and except only where the Coals which shall be so found deficient upon Remeasurement shall have been so remeasured by the Delire of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or his or their Agent or Agents; nor to subject or make liable any such Meter to any of the said Penalties for having given greater Measure than the Quantity expressed in such Certificate, unless and except only where the Coals which shall be so found upon Remeasurement to exceed the Quantity mentioned in such Certificate shall have been so remeasured by the Desire of the Vender or Venders of such Coals, or his or their Agent or Agents.

LXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when upon any such Re-admeasurement taking place, any such Meter shall, for the first Time, incur and become subject to pay any such Penalty for any such Offence, in having admeasured from any such Ship or Vessel into any lighter, Barge, or other Craft, either a greater or less Quantity of Coals than the Quantity mentioned in the said Certificate, then and in such Case such Meter so for the first Time offending and incurring Inch Penalty, shall not be permitted to act or serve again in the Capa-

C lxviii.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

5*5

city or Office of Meter, unless or until he shall have duly paid such Penalty so incurred by him for such his first Offence, upon Payment whereof he shall be permitted to continue in, or shall be reffored to, his Situation in the Sea Coal Meter's Office; and in case any such Meter shall a second Time in: ur and become.subject to pay any such Penalty for any such Offence, in having admeasured from any Ship or Vessel into any lighter, Barge, or other Craft, a greater or less Quantity of Coals than the Quantity expressed in the said Certificate, then and in such Case every such Meter so for the second Time offending, and incurring such Penalty, shall be suspended and incapable of afiling or serving as a Meter for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, at the Pleasure of the Principal Meters; but nevertheless at the End or che Period for which he shall be io suspended, such Meter shall he stored to his Situation in the Sea Coal Meter's Office, and be permitted again to a<S: therein, provided he shall have duly paid such Penalty so incurred by him for such his second Offence; and in case any such Meter shall for the third Time incur and become subject to pay any such Penalty for any such Offence, in having admeasured from any such Ship or Vessel into any lighter, Barge, or other Craft, a greater or less Quantity of Coals than the Quantity" mentioned in the said Certificate, then and in such Case such Meter so for the Third Time offending and incurring such Penalty, shall be absolutely incapacitated or otherwise suspended for any Length of Time from adding in such Office or Capacity of Meter, at the Pleasure of the Principal Meters.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any When the C >nb such Coals shall be so remeasured by the Desire of the Vender or are remedyred Venders of such Coals, or his or their Agent or Agents, and upon such ^Vv^r^erand Remeasurement taking place, the Meter who shall have measured such the ML.t?r , ^an Coals shall be found not to have incurred any Penalty in respect of be found not to the Measure of such Coals, then and in every such Case such Vender or Have incurred a Venders, or his or their Agent or x^gents, who shall have delired such Pena, ty> Remeasurement on the Behalf of such Vender or Venders, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, to have a Com pen-the Owner or Owners of the lighter, Barge, or other Craft, in which fation from the such Coals shall have been so remeasured, such Sum or Sums of Vender from Money, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence per Hour, as^Detention of and by way of a Compensation for the Time during which such ls ler* lighter, Barge, or Craft, shall have been detained in consequence of such Remeasurement, as any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the City of London, or Counties of Middlesex, Essex,

Kent> or Surrey, according to tin Jurisdiction, shall award on the Application of such Owner or Owners of such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, over and above all Colls and Expences of any such Application; and every such Application to any such Justice or Justices shall be made by such Owner or Owners of such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, within Three Days next after the Day on which such Remeasurement shall take place, and if the Snm or Sums of Money which shall, upon any such Application, be awarded by such Justice or Justices to be paid by any such Vender or Venders, or his or their said Agent or Agents, to any such Owner or Owners, by way of such Compensation for such Detention of his or their lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall not be immediately paid accordingly, then and in every such Case, such respefilive Sum or Sums of Money shall and may be levied by Did refs

and

and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Vender or Venders, or of his or their said Agent or Agents, by Warrant or Warrants under, the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, and the Overplus of the Money (if any) raised by any such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid, and the Costs and Charges of making any such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for want of Distress, and in case the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid to any such Owner or Owners of any such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall not be immediately paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit such Vender or Venders, or his or their said Agent or Agents, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City or Place for which such Justice or Justices shall act, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Sum or Sums, and all reasonable Costs attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid, and every such Award, Order, and Proceeding of any such Justice or Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive, and no inch Proceeding shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only or be removed by Certiorari, or other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere

% A A 42 G. 3. c. 89. — Principal Land Meters already appointed for iC Westminster (under the Acts continued by 42 G. 3. c. lxxxix.) shall continue in* their Office^ unless duly removed, See. §72.

A A 7 G* 3* c, z(>-(continued by $6 G. 3. e. ivi.)

Principal Meters already appointed fol* London shall continue in their

LXXIII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measury within the City of London, and the lAberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and LimehouseHole in the County of Middlesex; which Act was continued with divers Alterations and Amendments by the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Persons have been from Time to Time nominated and appointed as the Principal Meters or Managers of the Office called by the Name of the '4 The Land Coal Meter's Office (i for the City of London, and between the Tower of London and Lime- house Hole, in the County of Middlesex be it therefore enacted, That William Anderson of Gracechurch Street, London, John Hawkins of Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and John Ratray of Jfington, in the same County, shall be and remain and continue, and they are hereby appointed the Principal Meters or Managers of the Land Cod Meter's Office for the City of London, and between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of admeafr.ring Coals sold by Wharf Measure within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, and also for other Purposes in this Act mentioned, for and during their joint Lives save and except he or they shall happen to be dismissed from such Office or Offices), arid upon the Death or Dismissal of any One of them, the said William Anderson, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, the Number of Principal Meters or Managers of the said Land Coal Meter's Office lor the City of Londoiu and between Tower Dock

and

CJxviii.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. SefID.

527

and Limehouse Iioky in the County Middlesex, shall be reduced to Two; and that in all future Times, from and after such Death or Upon the Deoth Dismissal of any One of them, the said William Anderson, John Hera/-kins, and John Ratray, the Number of Principal Meters or Managers*

for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between London, the Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, shall be and continue to be not more Number Until be nor less than Two; and upon and from and after such Death or reduced to Two. Dismissal of any One of them, the said William Anderson, John Hawkins and John I( at ray, the Two others, or Survivors of them, the said William Anderson, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, shall respectively remain and continue the Two Principal Meters or Managers for the said City of London and between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, until he or they shall die, or happen to be dismissed from such Office; and when or in case Cxirtmf either of such Two others, or Survivors of them, the said William Councd'fhil! in Anderson, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, shall die, or happen to futuro ap»oinr be dismissed from such Office, and so from Time to Time and at all the Principal Times thereafter, when and as often as any Principal Meter for the Meters for said City of London, and between the Tower of London and JAmehouse London*

Hole, in the said County of Mi dlesex, shall die, or be dismissed or suspended from such Office, or shall become incapable of adding in the Execution of such Office, or the Time for which any such Principal Meter or Manager shall be nominated and appointed to such Office shall expire, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to nominate and appoint any other Person a Principal Land Coal Meter or Manager, in the Room or Stead of every such Principal Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so dismissed or suspended, or be incapable of adiing in the Execution of his Office, or whose Time limited for the Execution of such his Office shall expire.

t( Principal Meters already nominated for Surrey (under 46 G. 3*

" c. xxxii.) shall continue in Office, unless duly removed, Scc. §74*

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That when and as or in case any His Mijdty may Principal Land Coal Meter or Principal Land Coal Meters for the appoint Principal' City and Liberties of Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy Eand Coal of Laticafer adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint ^e'!>rs.so..r Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-Bone, and for such Part of the upon any Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, Vacancy, shall die, or shall be incapable of ailing in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices, or shall be removed therefrom as aforesaid, or the Time limited for the Execution of such Office or Offices shall expire, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to nominate or appoint any other Person as a Principal Land Coal Meter, in the Room or Stead of every such Principal Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so dismissed, removed, or be incapable of ailing in the Execution of his Office, or whole Time limited for the Execution of his Office shall expire, and so, toties quoties, as often as any fush Case shall happen.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Principal Land lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, Mel>'rs for

or City and Liberty of Westminster, in General or Quarter Seihons a fie mb led, and they are hereby authorized and required to enquire y

into, N.0Ut.

5 25

C. lxviii.

47° GEO. III. Sen: 2.

A.D. 1807.

Labouring Coal Meters for Westminster subject to the Control of Justices.

Land Coal Meters for City of London subject to the Lord Mayor and Aldermen.

Common Council shall appoint the Labouring Land Coal Meters for London, nut less than Forty-five in Number.

into, and hear and determine any Complaint of Fraud or Misbehaviour of the Principal Land Coal Meter or Principal Land Coal Meters for the Time being, for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the said several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-Bone, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, or any or either of such Principal Land Coal Meters, in the same Manner as they are by Law authorized to enquire into, hear, and determine Misdemeanors; and if any such Principal Land Coal Meter shall be found guilty of any Fraud, Neglect, or Misbehaviour, he shall forfeit and pay for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, such Fine as such Court before whom such Complnnt shall be made shall think fit, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with such Costs as the Court shall think proper to award and direct.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Labouring Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent, or Servant of the several and respective Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le bone, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby declared to be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction, and Controul of the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or for the City and Liberty of Westminster, in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, and shall and may be dismissed and suspended by the said Court from the Execution and Emoluments of his or their Office or Offices, upon Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, or Neglect, or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof, all which Complaints may be heard and determined in a summary Way.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Manager or Principal Land Coal Meter for the City of London and Liberties thereof, and between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, and each and every Labouring Land Coal Meter within such District, shall, and he pun they is and are declared to be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction, and Controul of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London, and shall and may be difinifted and suspended by the faick Court from the Execution and Salaries or Wages of their said respective Offices upon Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Neglect, Default, or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof; all which Complaints shall and may be heard and determined by the said Court in a summary Way.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London in Common Council assembled, to nominate and appoint any Number of Persons, not less than Forty-five, to be the Labouring Land Coal Meters from the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex; and that when and as any such Labouring Land Coal Meter for such District or Limits shall die, or shall be incapable of serving in such Office, or shall be dismissed or suspended

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

C. lxviii.

5*9

therefrom, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor., Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London in Common Council assembled, to nominate and appoint any other Person as a Labouring Land Coal Meter in the Room and Stead of every such Labouring Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so dismissed or suspended, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, and so toties quoties, as oiten as any such Case shall happen.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter for the City of London and Liberties thereof, and between the Tower of Lon ion and Limehou/e Hole, in the County of Middlesex, to suspend from their Office any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters, serving in'such District, who shall appear to such Principal Meter to have conducted himself or themselves corruptly or improperly in the Execution of his or their Office; but nevertheless such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, within Seven Days after any such Suspension taking place, to report the Cause of such Suipeniion to the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or to the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, or the said Court, upon Inch Complaint being brought and heard before the said Lord Mayor, or the said Court, either to order any such Labouring Meter so suspended to be discharged, or to order him to be reinstated in his Office and restored to the Salary or Wages thereof.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg, and each and every Principal Land Coal Meter for the Time being, for the several Parishes lying between the Parishes of Fgham and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both incluime, in the said County of Surrey, and each and every his and their Deputies, Labouring Meters, or Servants, a fling under them in the Admeasurement of Coals, or in the Execution of any other Duties required by this Act, shall be, and they and each and every of them is and are hereby declared to be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction, and Control of any General Courts of Quarter Sessions to be holden within the said County of Surrey, and shall and m, av be dismissed and suspended by the said Courts from the Execution and Emolurnents of-their said respective Offices on Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, Neglefl, or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof; all which Complaints shall and maybe heaid and determined by the said Courts in a summary Way.

I.XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of either of them the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg before the Expiration of the said Term or Time for which they have been and arc nominated and appointed as aforesaid, the said Office shall be managed by the Survivor of them (unless previously dismissed or suspended in Manner aforesaid) during the Remainder of the said Term; and that then, upon and from and after the Expiration of such Term, or in case both the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg shall die, or be dismissed or suspended, before the Expiration of the said Term, then, upon and from and after such Death, Difmilfal, or Suspension of both of them, the said Joseph Burnett and Francis 47 Geo. III. 'M m Bigg*

Principal Meters for London may suspend Labouring Meters, reporting the Cause to the Lord Mayor or Court of Aldermen,

Principal and L »bouring Metcis for Surrey subject t toe Control of the Quarter Sessions.

After the Death1 of the Survivor of the present Principal Meters for Surrey, the Church wardens of the different

Parishes shall have the Eiession Hid appointinent of the P rincipal

Mete; 3.

53° C.lxviii. 47° GEO. III. Scff. 2. A.D. 1807.

Bigg, and also from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter, when and as often as any Principal Land Coal Meter for the said several Parishes, lying between the Parishes of Egham and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the said County of Surry, shall die, or shall be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or shall be dismissed or suspended therefrom as aforesaid, or the Time limited for the Execution of such Office shall expire, then upon the happening of any such Vacancy, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Churchwardens as he rein-after mentioned, or the major Part of ^hem, in Manner herein after directed, to elect, nominate, and appoint any other Person to be and act as Principal Land Coal Meter in the Room or Stead of every such Principal Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so dismissed, suspended, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of hia Office, or whole Time limited for the Execution of his Office shall expire, and so toiies quolies, as often as any such Case shall happen; and every such Person so to be nominated and appointed Principal. Meter for such Limits in the said County of Surry, in the Room or Stead of any such other Principal Meter, shall be elected, nominated, and appointed by such Persons, and in Manner and Form following, that is to say, the Churchwardens of the said several and respective Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the said County of Surry, shall, by Notice.in Writing, specifying the Occasion, and signed by One of the Deputies in the Land Coal Meter's Office for such several Parishes within the said County of 'urry, and left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of each such Churchwarden, as soon as the same can be done after any such Vacancy shall happen, be summoned to meet and afleruble, at the said Land Coal Meter's Office, at Twelve of the Clock at Noon, on a Day to be mentioned in the said Notice, not exceeding Seven Days from the Date thereof, at which Meeting some Person shall be choseii and appointed to succeed to the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter for the Limits aforesaid, and such Person as shall at the Hour of Two of the Clock of that Day be elected by thd* Majority of Persons, being Churchwardens of the said Parishes, as shall be then and there assembled, shall be and is hereby declared to be Principal Land Coal Meter for putting this Act in Execution within such several Parishes in the said County of Surry; and every such Person so to be elected, nominated, (or appointed as aforesaid, shall be, remain, and continue Principal Meter for the said several Parishes, within the said County of Surry, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years next ensuing from and after the Time of such his Election, Nomination, and Appointment, unless he shall be sooner dismissed or suspended, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office.

Principal Meters LXXXIII. Prov ided always, and be it enacted, That whenever the when^heir2* Term or Time for which any Principal Land Coal Meter for any of Terms expire. such several and respective Districts shall have been appointed shall expire, then and in such Case nothing herein contained shall extend, cr be construed to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any such Principal Land Coal Meter, whose Term or Time limited for the Execution of his Office shall so expire, from beings re-nominated, re-appointed, or re-elected to his Office of Principal Meter.

PrincipalMcter's

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal Land iteptopen daily. Coal Meter, or Principal Land Goal Meters, shall refuse or neglect

C.lxvin.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 3.

S31

to open, and keep open, or cause.to be opened and kept open, his or their respective Office or Offices every Day, (Sundays, Good Fridays,

Christmas Days, and Fail Days by Proclamation only excepted) in every Year from the Twenty-fifth Day of March to the Twenty-ninth Day of September, from the Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening, or from the Twenty-ninth Day of September to the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, from the Hour of Six in the Morning to the Hour of Six in the Evening, every such Principal Land Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be OaihofPrincipal capable of acting as a Principal Land Coal Meter in the Execution Land Coal of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed before Two ctefS* or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, or for the City of London, or for the said County of Surry (as the Case may be) within their respective Jurisdictions, an Oath (which Oath such respective Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer) in the following Woids:

I A.B. do swear, That I will honestly, truly, faithfully, and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Judgement,

execute the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter, for the City and c Liberty of Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster

adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the c Fields, Saint Mary-le-Bone, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint

c Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, [or, for the -

City of London, and for all the Wharfs situate between the Tower

of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, or, for the several Wharfs situate within the several Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive,

in the County of Surry, (as the Case may be.)

'So help me GOD.

LXXXVL. And be it further enacted, That the said Principal Land PdncipalMeters Coal Meters for the Time being, for the City and Liberty of Wtfl- 'm'all

minster, and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining appoint Labour-thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint ing Meters for Mary-le-Bone, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew HoL their respective j born as lies in the County of Middlesex, and the said Principal Land Dlftll£ls*

Coal Meters for the Time being for the said several Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham and Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surry shall, and the said several and respective Principal Coal Meters are hereby respectively directed and required, from Time to Time and at all Times, to nominate, appoint, and employ, within their said respective Districts, a sufficient Number of Labouring Land Coal Meters for the Purpose of admeasuring Coals, and for executing such other Duties within their said respective Districts as are by this Act required to be done by Land Coal Meters.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be Oath of Labour-capable of acting as a Labouring Land Coal Meter in the Execution of inS Goal Metenc this Act until he shall have taken and subscribed before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or for the City and Liberty of Westminster, or for the City of London, or for the said County of Surry, as the Case may be, within their

M m 2 respective

53

C.lxviii.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

respective Jurisdictions, an Oath (which Oath such respective Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer) in the Words following

4 x A.B. do swear, That I will honestly, truly, faithfully, and

impartially, to the heft of my Skill and Judgement, execute

the Office of One of the labouring Land Coal Meters for the City

and Liberty of Westminster and ior that Part of the Duchy of

4 Lcncafier adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint

4 Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-bone, and for such Part of Saint

4 Andrew Holboni as lies in tile County, of Middlesex, [or, for the

4 City of London, and for all the Wharfs situate between the Tower

4 of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, or, for the several Wharfs situate in the several Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive,

in the County of Surry (as the Case may be)-\; and that I will

truly and impartially inspect and measur, or lee measured or loacted,

all such Coals between Buyer and Seller, and execute such other

4 Duties as are by Law required to be done by a Labouring Land

4 Coal Meter, without Favour or Hatred. 0 t

'So help me GOD.

And the said Justice or Justices respectively, who shall administer such

Oaths, is and are hereby required to certify the same to the next

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said

City of London, or for the County of Middlesex, or for the City and

Liberty of Westminster, or for the said City of Londonor for the said

County of Surry (as the Case may be) after the taking of such Oaths

or Affirmation respectively, there to remain on Record.

Labouring Coal

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to prevent

Meters to attend Confederacy, the Stations for the several and respective Labouring

at 1 heir Stations Land Coal Meters shall, once at leaf: in every Month, be changed by

on Notice. such several and respective Pi incipal Land Coal Meters, and the said

several Labouring Land Coal Meters shall, and they and he is and

are hereby required to attend at the several Wharfs, Warehouses and other Places, within their respective Districts, at which he or they shall be stationed by the said respective Principal Land Coal

Meters, each and every Lay (Sundays, Good Friday, Christmas Day,

and Fail Days by Proclamation only excepted) in each and every

Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March to the Twenty-ninth

Day of September from the Hour of Five in the Morning until Nine

in the Evening, and from the Twenty-ninth Day of September to the

Twenty-fifth Day of March from the Hour of Six in the Morning

until Six in the Evening; and if upon Notice being given to any such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters so stationed, cr Notice being

left in Wviting at' his or their Office or Offices, cr Place- or Places of Abode to attend at any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, to

be named in such Notice, within the Limits of his or their Station or Stations in <odet to meas ire or lee measured any Coals, onto execute

any other Duty my aired by this Act to be done by a Land Coal

M: u.: ny - -D '-V harf, Warehouse, or other Place; or if Notice

AAtMemte 1 Lnbou.'ng Coal Meter or Meters at a

MM.i..r: ,: > be named in such Notice,

: .; Mums: ':: : ox n; nr measured any Coals, " or to

uy s Mr mot7 uorM st H-ouring Meters by this Act,

ii M; s st uie CD a a cuu M Ac laid rdpcCtive Principal

Land

C. lxviii.

533

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

Land Coal Meters nearest to such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, and such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters shall not attend

pursuant to such Notice within the Space of Two Hours from giving

the same, and do his Duty according to the true Intent and Meaning

of this Act, then and in every such Case such Labouring Coal Meter Pennlfy for

and the Principal Land Coal Meter at whose Office such Notice was Non-acrendauce*

given as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Land M: ers

Coal Meter or Meters for the Time being for the City and Liberty payot^of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lanea/Icr adjoining iefs than 20s, thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint per Week. Afary-le-bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn Wages to each as lies in the County of Middlesex, shall and such Principal Land Coal j^jn Meters or Meter for the Time being for such District are and is Meters?"^ hereby directed and required to pay or cause to be paid not less than Twenty Shillings per Week to each and every of the Labouring Land Coal Meters who shall, at any Time hereafter, serve in the Employ and within the District of such Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter as and for the Weekly Wages of each and every of such Labouring Coal Meters, for and during the Time that each and every of such Labouring Meters shall hereafter so serve in the Employ and within the District of the said Principal Land Meters; and if any such Principal Meter or Meters shall refuse to pay or cause to be paid to any such Labouring Meter, demanding the same, the Sum of Twenty Shillings at least, at the End of each and every Week of the Time during which such Labouring Meter shall serve in his or their Employ within such District, as and for the Weekly Wages of such Labouring Meter, then and in every such Case every such Principal Land Coal Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XC. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Land Meters Principal Meters or Meter for the Time being foNr the said several Parishes lying between for Surry shall the Parishes of Egham and Rotherhhhe, both inclusive, in the County Wages

of Surry shall, and such Principal Meters or Meter for the Time being for such District are and is hereby directed and required to pay or femug between cause to be paid not less than Twenty Shillings per Week to each and Nine Elms and \ every of the Labouring Coal Meters, who shall at any Time hereafter Dock Head, serve under such Principal Meters of Meter at any Station, or Place or Places, within any of such Parts of the Limits or Di ft rift of such Principal Meters or Meter as lie between Nine Elms and Dock Head, both inclusive, as and for the Weekly Wages of each and every" of such respective Labouring Coal Meters, for and during the Time that each and every of such Labouring Coal Meters shall hereafter so serve in the Employ of such Principal Meters or Meter, on any Station, or Place or Places, within any such Parts of the Limits or District of such Principal Meter> or Meter, as lie between Nine Elms and Dock Head aforesaid, both inclusive; and if any such Principal Meters or Meter for such District shall rehife to pay or cause to be paid to any such Labouring Meter demanding the same, the Sum of Twenty Shillings at least, at the End of each and every Week of the Time during which such Labouring Meter shall serve in his or their Employ within any such Parts of such Didried as lie between Nine Elms and Dock Head aforesaid, both inclusive, as and for the Weekly

534

- C. lxviii.

eo; \l Meters shall not be interested in the Sale of Coals.

Land Coal Meter may demand from

Wharfinger a S'ghr of the Shi; Certificate.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

Wages of fitch Labouring Meter, then and in every such Case every such Principal Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds': Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be taken to extend so as in any Manner to fix or limit the Wages to be paid by such Principal Meters or Meter to any Ltibouring Meter in their Employ, who shall serve or be stationed within such Parts of their District, as are situate cither below Dock Head or above Nine Elms aforesaid^ in the said County of Surry.

XCI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Principal Land Coal Meters, or any of them, or any of the Persons to be employed under them respectively, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, during his or their respective Continuance in their Office or Employment aforesaid, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of any Coals whatsoever, otherwise than in the Discharge of their said respective Offices, such Principal Land Coal Meters so offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and such Deputy Coal Meter and Labouring Coal Meter respectively shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and being thereof respectively convicted before the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, or before either of the said Courts of Quarter Sessions for the said County of Middlesex or Surry (according to the Jurisdiction as aforesaid) shall be dismissed from his or their said respective Office or Employment, and be for ever disabled from holding or executing the same, or any other under this Act.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoever fold and to be sent in any Cart, Waggon, or other Land Carriage, from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Iff ace or Places within the Limits or Diffridts of any of the said respective Land Coal Meters, and also all'Coals whatsoever fold, and to be sent by Gang Labour from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Meter shall be llationed, situate within any of such respective Limits or Diffridts, shall, previously to such Coals being so sent away, be carefully inspected and examined by One of the Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meters within their respective Limits or Diffridts, in order that such Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meter may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such Coals being sent away in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage) are of the Sort or Description mentioned in the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the Behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of such Coals to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of inch Coals being to be delivered by Gang Labour) are of the Sort or Description as and for which the same shall be sold, and such Meter is hereby authorized and required to demand of the Wharfinger or other Person, with whom the Ship Certificate of any such Coals shall be left, at any Wharf or Place for the Sale of any such Coals, such Ship Certificate, for the Purpose of peruling and inspecting the same; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby required to counterlign such Ticket or Tickets, if such Meter shall be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort they are described to be in such Ticket or Tickets, but shall not counterlign the lame without being so satisfied, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby also authorized and required when the

C. lxviii.

535T

whole Quantity of Coals contained in any lighter, Barge, 01 other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, to write, or indorse on the Back' of the Certificate of such Coals the Word, " Delivered and if any such "Wharfinger or other Person shall refuse or neglect to produce and deliver to any such Meter such Ship Certificate on Demand, then and in every such Case every such Wharfinger or other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any such -Vie ter shall countersign any such Ticket or Tickets, without having first irispected such Coals, and also such Ship Certificate, and without having reasonable Ground to be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort described in such Vender's Ticket, or if any such Meter shall not, immediately after the Whole of the Coals contained in any such lighter, Barge, or other Craft shall have been delivered thereout, demand or call for such Certificate of such Coals, or shall not immediately on such Certificate being produced, indorse the same in Manner aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals sold as and for Regulation for Pool Measure, and to be sent. in any Cart, Waggon or Carnage, from and any Wharf or Place within any of the respective knits of any of the said respective Offices* shall be loaded in Sacks, in the Presence of one jyjcafure. of the Labouring Land Coal Meters of the Diffnct, which Labouring Meter is hereby authorized and required to watch and inspect the filling or loading of the Sacks wherein such Coals shall be loacted, and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Meter to measure the Dimensions of all or any of such Sacks, used in any such loacting, before such Sacks shall be filled or loaded; and such Meter shall and he is-hereby authorized and required, when any Room or Rooms of Coals, in any lighter, Barge, or Craft, are or is to be sold and sent from any such Wharf or other Place, as and for Pool Measure by any Land Carriage, to fee that the Coals so loaded and sent are in fadi taken out of the particular Room or Rooms so fold, and like wife that the Whole of the Coals contained in any such particular Room or Rooms so fold, are in fa6t entirely emptied out of such Room or Rooms, and loaded and sent away to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Coals contained in such Room or Rooms; and in case such Meter shall find any Sack or Sacks used for the loading of any such Coals is or are of less Dimensions than required by this Act, or in case it shall appear to such Meter, according to the bess of such Meter's Judgement, that any Sack or Sacks uled in loading any such Coals do or doth not contain, when loader!, each the Quantity of Three Bushels of Coals, or in case such Meter shall observe that any such Coals sold as the Coals of any particular Room or Rooms shall not in fact be taken out of such particular Room or Rooms so fold or to be sold, or that the Whole of the Coals contained in such particular Room or Rooms shall not be entirely emptied out oi the same, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Meter to refuse to countersign the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the Behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of such Coals to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and if any. Wharfinger, Coal Porter, or other Person or Persons shall in any Manner obffrucf, hinder, or prevent such Meter in or from the Performance of any such Duty or Duties so required of such Meter by this Act, then and in every such M m 4 Case

Pool Me a lure Coils when sent by a Waggon.

Form of the Vender's Ticket to be

font therewith*

C.lxviii. 47° GEO. III. Seffi.2. A.D. 1807.

Case every such Person so offer ding* shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers 1 in any Coals fold and sent as. and for Pool Measure from any Ship, Vessel, lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the respective Limits or Districts of the said Principal Land Coal Meters respectively, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered a Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be {hot or delivered therefrom; and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following; (that is to say),

c Mr. A.B.

[here insert the Name of the Purchaser.]

4T\AKE Notice that you are to receive herewith 4 A [Here insert the Number'] Sacks of [Here insert the Name

4 of the] Coals [Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here infer t the Name

4 of the Coals [Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name

' of the] Coals. For inspecting the Loading and Quality of which

4 Coals you are, on the Receipt of this Ticket, in conformity to an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to pay the undersigned E. F.

[Here insert the Name of the Vender] the Sum of [Here insert the Amount of the Compensation directed by this Act: to be given to such Principal Meter or Meiers for the Inspection of such Coals, calculating the same as by this Act directed] being at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat sold to and to be received by you 6 herewith; and by the same Act this Ticket is directed to be delivered to you before any of the Coals are shot out of the Cart or Waggon; and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by which the Carman is directed to measure, gratis, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, the Coals contained in any One Sack which the Purchaser or his Servant or Servants may require, which Sack is to contain Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Height of such Cone to be at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Measure to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone; and that in case of your being dissatisfied with the Coals now sent, you are entitled by the same Act to have the same re-measured by the Bushel Measure, provided you immediately and before any more of the Coals than One Sacjk shall be shot or delivered from the Cart, Waggon, or Carriage, in which the same are brought, fend Notice in Writing of your Desire to have the same re-measured, to any of the Land Coal Meters Offices, and also to the Vender or Venders of such Coals. E.F.

[Here insert the Name of the Vender.] C.H.

[Here insert the Name of the Meter, and the Office and Place where the OJfce is situated.]

Dated [Here insert the Hay of the Month, and the Month and Year when such Ticket was fgned. J '

And in case any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid, and so countersigned by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchaser

QV

C. lxviii.

537

'or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be {hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with any such Coals as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Vender or Venders shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals as aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been given by or by the Directions of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Vender, or any Person by the Order of the Vender) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver, or other Person aforesaid so offending', shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, Payment to or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, and Meter for sent in any Cart, Waggon, or other Land Carriage from any Wharf, ^' p^>oL°

Warehouse, or other Place within the respective Limits or Districts of Mature the said respective Land Coal Meters, or any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, and delivered by Gang Labour from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Meter shall be stationed, situate within any of such respective Limits or Districts, or the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, from or over' which any such Coals shall be so sent, shall, and such Vender or Ven- ders. Dealer or Dealers, or Occupier or Occupiers, is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal Meter or Meters for the Time being of the Land Coal Meter's Office, within the Limits of which any such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place shall be lit uate, at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat so brought and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, as and for a Compensation for the Trouble of inspecting or superintending the loading and fending away such Coals; and such Money shall be repaid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals to the Vender or Venders thereof.

XCVL. Provided also, and be it further] enacted, That nothing Purchasers of herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to hinder Coais sold by or prevent any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Coals sold as and for Measure Pool Measure, from lending such Coals to the Premises of such Pur- colls dehvvered chafer or Purchasers, or to any Landing Place which such Purchaser without the or Purchasers shall appoint (provided such Landing Place or Prc- Intervention of mises be not a Coal Wharf or Place where any Meter shall, by virtue a Meter, of this Act, be stationed) or from having such Coals unloaded and delivered at such Premises or Landing Place, either by Gang Labour, or in any other Manner, except in or by Means of any Cart,

Waggon, or other Land Carriage, without the Pretence, Intervention, or Inspection of any Land Meter; and without being subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever to any Land Meter, for or in respect of such Coals; but in case such Purchaser or Purchasers shall require the Care or Attendance of a Land Meter, then he, she, or they shall have and be entitled to such Attendance, upon fending Notice of such his, her, or their Desire to the Land Meter's Office, within the Limits of which fych Premises

§ , or

S3§

C.lxviii.

Fur chafers of Coals sent »*y Water may hnv the f.irrc remca fined o' case Fraud '.s luipedUd.

47° Geo. hi. Sea: -2. a.d. 1807.

or Landing Place, where such Coals may be so carried, shall be situate* and in such Caie such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay and be charged for the Attendance of such Meter, at and after the aforesaid Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of i'uclCCoals.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Purchaser of any Coals fold and lent to such Purchaser by any lighter, Barge, or^other Craft, from any Place within the Limits of any of the Offices of the said respective Land Meters, shall think or suspect that the full and lawful Measure of any such Coals has not been sent, and shall, before the Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall have delivered up to the Purchaser, or to his, her, or their Servant, such lighter, Barge, or ether Craft, and quitted the Charge thereof, and before Bulk shall be broken of inch Coals, signify his or her Desire to have such Coals re-measured, then and in every such Case the Lighterman or other Person lentvith the lighter, Barge, or Craft, in which the said Coals shall be brought, shall either continue at the Landing Place or Pre-miles of the hurchafer of the said Coals, with the said lighter, Barge, or other Craft, until such Coals are re-measured, or shall leave such lighter, Burge, or other Craft properly fattened and made secure at inch Landing Place or Premises, or as near thereto as can be, and permit the same so to remain there until such Coals are re-measured, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds on the Owner and Proprietor, and Forty Shillings on the Lighterman or other Person sent with such lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend or cause to be sent to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or her Wharf, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are going to be re-measured, and also fend Notice in Writing thereof to any one of the Offices of the said respective Land Coal Meters aforesaid, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters (not being the Meter under whose, Inspection any such Coals may have been originally loaded) shall within Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the Office of any such Land Coal Meter, attend from such Office where such Notice shall be so left, to rer measure the said Coals, and shall accordingly re-measure the same with the Buffiel Measure, in Presence of the Vender and Purchaser of the said Coals, or their Agents or Servants, if any of them shall attend for the Purpose of seeing such Coals re-measured; and in case it shall appear upon-the Re-measurement of such Coals by such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter as shall attend for the Purpose of re-measur-ing such Coals, that such Coals do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then and in such Case if such Coals shall have been sold as and for Pool Measure, the Vender of such Coals shall in case inch Deficiency shall exceed Four Buffiels and not exceed Ten Buffi el s in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals so re-measured, forfeit and pay for every Buffiel of Coals so found deficient in every Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Buffiels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat io re-measured, then and in such Case such Vender of such Coak finali forfeit and §pay, for every such Buffiel lo found deficient, the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; but in case any such Coals so re-measured and found deficient shall have been

C.lxviii#

539

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

sold or delivered as and for Wharf Measure, then"and in such Case the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel io found deficient file Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof,

XCVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Principal ^xPcnce5 Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter so re-measuring shall be ACinea uteiTKnt* paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so re-measured by him, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron; and if upon any such Re-measurement, the Whole of the Coals so re-measured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the Whole of such Coals shall be sold, then and in such Case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, pay the Expences of such Re-admeasurement, but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then and in such Case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XCIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing ^oaJs^olc|^y herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require any^Wj m^a-Coals sold as and for Pool Measure to be measured by the Bushel Me a- furcci by Bushel sure previous to such Coals being loaded and sent away in any Cart, but at i>fne of Waggon, or other Land Carriage, from the Vender's Wharf or other the Purchaser. Place of Sale, save and except by the Deiire of the Purchaser of any such Coals.

C. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold or loaded to be Or b sold by sold as and for Wharf Measure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Bushels Wi: arf Mcaiuie at or from any Place or Places within the Limits of any of the said ^jJ.^pref^rc-respective Offices, shall be measured in the Presence of One of the said Of a '£ancj Labouring Coal Meters, (belonging to the Office within the Limits Meter. or Diflribt of which the Place of Sale of such Coals shall be situate) by the Bushel Measure heaped up as by this Abt is directed; and the said Labouring Coal Meters shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bushel or Bushels of any such Coals as shall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons so vending or contrabling for the Sale of the said Coals, or so loading any such Coals for Sale'.

CL. And be it further enacted, That if any such Labouring Coal Penalty on Meter shall wittingly or willingly suffer any Coals exceeding Eight Bushels, which shall be sold or loaded to be sold and as for Wharf cJabto be telfc Measure, to be sent from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place outwithoujt within the Limits or District of his Office without such Coals being being only measured in the Manner herein directed, and shall not give Informa- matured, lion thereof to the Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter under whom such Labouring Coal Meter shall serve, within Two Days next after such Coals shall have been measured, then and in every such Case such Labouring Coal Meter shall for ever thenceforth be i*endered incapable of abling as a Labouring Coal Meter, and forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds,

CXI. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals which shall be sold and delivered as and for \vhm f Measure Wharf Measure, at any Wharf, Warehouse or Place within the Li- Coals, mits or District of any of the Offices of the said respective Land Coal Meters, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a phaldron3 shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf,

C.lxviii.

Contents of Metei's Ticket to be sent with such Coals.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

Warehouse, or Place from which such Coals are taken, or by the Seller or Vender of such Coals, to the Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter for the Time being, of the Office within the Limits or Diflrk'ft of which the Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place of Sale of such Coals shall be situate, and thereupon such Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter shall, and they and he are and is hereby required to deliver or cauie to be delivered to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carman who shall cart, lead, drive, or carry away the same, a Paper Writing, or Ticket, signed by one of the Principal Land Coal Meters, and countersigned by the Labouring Coal Meter attending and delivering the same, in which shall be contained the Christian and Surname or Names of the respective Seller or Seliers, or Vender or Veuders, and also either the Christian and Surname or Names, or only the Surname or Names of the Purchaser or Purchasers, Consumer or Comfumers of the said Opals, and the Quantity of such Coals, and the Day of the Week, Month, and Year of the Delivery and Admeasurement, and Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Carmen or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the same Coals, and also shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, that if he, fire, or they is or are dissatisfied with the Measure thereof, and shall desire to have all such Coals remeasured, such Dif-satisfaction mull be expressed to the Carman before more than One Sack of such Coals is (hot or unladen from the Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage conveying the same; and that if such Purchaser or Purchasers shall be so diiTatisfied, and shall desire to have all or any of the particular Sacks remaining in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage re-measured, so as to ascertain the Contents of each or any of such particular Sacks, then that such Delire mull be expressed to the Carman before any of the Sacks of Coals, which such Purchaser or Purchasers shall desire to have re-measured shall be shot or unladen from the Cart, AVaggon, or other Carriage in which the same shall be sent, which said Ticket being thus made complete and Metage paid, shall be delivered unaltered by the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning the same, without Delay, to the Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead the Coals described in such Ticket, to the Purchaser or Consumer therein named, which said Ticket unaltered, the Carman or Person therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coals in such Ticket described, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respective Consumers or Purchasers therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket for the Use of such Purchaser or Consumer, and thereupon he, she, and they is and are hereby required to pay to the Seller named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specified, and if the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning Inch Ticket shall, after Payment or Tender of the Metage Charge in pursuance of this Act, refuse to deliver such Ticket as herein-before directed, to the Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the Coals therein described, such Labouring Coal Veter Tall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if such Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall, after the same Ticket shall have been so delivered to him by the Labouring Goaf Meter countersigning the same, either alter, or neglect or refuse to deliver the same Ticket to the

Purchaser'

C.lxvnL

541

Purchaser or Consumer therein named, or to the Ag*ent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

CIJI. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Dealer cn

in Coals shall, directly or indirectly, p'ive or offer or cause to be T/.

rr 1; ..1 J 7t T w-, A/r.5lving LiOus to-

given or ottered, to any Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meter or Mcto*.

Meters, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee; Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above Sixpence/w Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges of the Metage of Coals measured by- the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by Pool Measure, for the Inspection thereof or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold byWeight, every such Person so offending fn ill, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal or Labour- Penalty on ing Land Coal Meter to be appointed and qualified pursuant to this j^': Jers receiving A6P, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a false or counterfeited dei'iveru-T' false Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman, or other Person, Tickets, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by the Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight; or if any such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter shall wilfully permit or fufrer to be made false Measure of any Coals, or shall deliver a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall not have seen measured, or shall-countersign any Vender's Ticket for any Coals, without having inspected such Coals, or without seeing and taking care that the Whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall have been first

completely emptied out of, and loaded from such particular Room or Rooms so fold, then and in every such Case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever serving the reafter in the Office of a Coal Meter.

delivering Merer's T><*ct w rh 1

M; ifuie Co*'5*-

CV. And be it further enacted, That if any Quantity whatsoever Penalty cn of Coals, exceeding Eight Bushels, fold or to be sold as and for Wharf Vender fy n0 Measure, shall be lent or driven in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, from any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, situate within the Limits or Distribl of any of the said respective Offices, without having been measured by such Bushel Measure as is herein after directed, or without such Meter's Ticket as aforesaid, so signed and countersigned as aforesaid, having been first obtained, or if such Ticket as aforesaid shall not be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Coals, before any Part of such Coals are (hot or delivered upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every such Case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds,

V9»

r4Z

D- ! --.-of Sacki lot Coais,

lixemprion for Co.iis dciive.ed by Gang Labour*

Penalty on Meter permitting Saeks of less Dimensions to be used.

Wnar Bushel MW»< r0 -ie made use of.

\Z Ann. ft, 2. C. 17. § IK

CJxviii. 47° GEO. III. Sess. a. # A.D. 1807.

§ 9? 10, 11, 13, 14, of Stat. 3 Geo. 1, c. 26. recited verbatim, and

" repealed, § ic6.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That no Sack shall be made use of in the Delivery of Coals from any Ship, Vessel, lighter, Bargp, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and V/eJlminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex, Sas is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-live Miles from the Royal Exchange, except such Sack shall be made of Linen, and shall have been hrit sealed and marked with White' Paint in Oil at Guildhall, London, or at the Exchequer Office, West-mhifter, by the proper Officer there, and shall at the Time of making life of such Sack Measure in the Inlide thereof at leaf! Four Feet and Two Inches in Length by Two Feet and One Inch in Breadth; and no Sack shall be sealed or marked which shall not, at the Time of the marking or sealing thereof, measure in the Inside thereof Four Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Inches in Breadth; and if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealeror Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, shall use or cause to be used any Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coal- within the several and respective Cities, Liberties, and Parts aforesaid, not sealed or marked as aforesaid, or of less Length at the Time of using the same than Four Feet and Two Inches at the least in the Inside thereof, or of less Breadth than Two Feet and One Inch at the least in the Inside thereof, then and in every such Case every such Vender of or Dealer in or Carrier of Coals shall, for every such Sack so unmarked or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings; and the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall take place, shall cause every such Sack found unmarked, or deficient either in Length or Breadth, to be destroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be delivered by Gang Labour, may be conveyed without the Use of such Sacks; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not.withstanding.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Labouring Coal Meter shall use, or knowingly permit or suffer any Sack or Sacks to be made use of for the measuring or carrying of Coals, of less Dimensions than the Dimensions directed by this Act, at any Place or Places within the Limits of the Office to which such Meter shall belong, then and in every such Case every such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That no Bushel shall be kept or made use of, for or in the Admeasurement of any Coals fold within the said Port, of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which shall not be such Bushel as ispreferibed in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the fpce-'y an / effectual preferring of the Navigation of the River Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for ascertaining the Coal Measure, and which shall not

C. lxviii.

543

not have been first stamped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Westminster, or at the Guildhall, London, previ-xmfly to the same being so kept or used; and that every such Buffiel, previously to being so stamped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper Hoops, and shall be so stamped or marked with a Steel Instrument on the uppermost Iron or Copper Hoop; and that every such Buffiel shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of such Buffiel, all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such Buffiel in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at leak Six Inches, and the Outside of the Buffiel to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone; and that each and every Chaldron of Coals shall consist of Thirty-six of such Buffiels so heaped, and so in Proportion for any Idler Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, shall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Buffiel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Buffiel as aforesaid, and so flampt as aforesaid, or shall in anywise decrease or diminiffi any such Buffiel flampt as aforesaid, or shall permit his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such Case such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals, so offending, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons affidng by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make 111 e of, in admeasuring of any Coals, any Buffiel other than such Buffiel as aforesaid, flampt as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall Hn any Manner decreaic or diminiffi any such Buffiel stampt as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respectively, for every such Offence, shall be committed to the House of Correction by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

CX. And be it further enacted, That all Measures less than such Buffiel Measure as aforesaid, which shall be used by any Person or Persons dealing in Coals, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Wofhmnjlor, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Paits of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Ejfix, as is or are situate withi.the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange afore hid, shall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper, and shall, previously to being used in the Admeasurement of Coals, be leaded or flampt at the Exchequer Office at J'/eQm; after, or at the Guildhall, London, by the proper Officer, with a Steel Initrumeat, on the uppermost Iron or Copper Hoop; and that all such Measures so sealed or flampt shall be kept without any Alteration, and so used by such Dealers in or Venders of Coals, as shall fell any less Quantity or Quantities of Coals than a Buffiel of Coals; and if such Person or Persons shall diminiffi or make less any such less Measure than the Buffiel, or shall make use of any Means or Device so as to prevent any such Measure from holding or containing as much as it would otherwise hold or contain in case such JVIeans or Device had not been prablifed, or

Regulations of Measures froaljcsr than a Bushei

54+

C. lxviii.

Dealer* in Coals foM M Wna. f Moafi.rr f dif-fati.'hed may have thtm ic measured.

Carman shall carry a Rush.el Measure in his Cart.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

shall use or cause to be used any such Measure when any such Means or Device have been practised, or shall use or cause to be used any such Measure in the Admeasurement of Coals, not so sealed or flampt as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure shall be dissatisfied with the Measurement which shall have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place of Sale, by or under the Inspection of the Labouring Land Coal Meter Rationed or attending at such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before such Coals are sent away from such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place of Sale, to fend or cause to be sent to the Office of the Principal Land Meter, within the Limits or District of which such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place of Sale may be situate, Notice in Writing, signifying the Desire of such Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to have such Coals re-measured, and then and in such Case such. Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters, of or from such Office where such Notice shall be sent (not being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally measured) shall, within the Space of Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at such Office, attend to re-measure the said Coals, and shall accordingly re-measure the same, Sack by Sack, by the Bushel Measure, in the Presence of such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, or his, her, or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, and for such Re-measurement such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall pay or cause to be paid to such Principal Coal Meter, who shall fend such other Labouring Meter, the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so re-measured; and in case it shall appear upon such Remeasurement, that the Coals so re-measured shall exceed the Quantity for which the same were fold, then and in such Case, if such Excels shall be equal or amount to, or exceej Two Bushels in any Chaldron so remeasured, the Meter who measured such Coals shall, for every Bushel so exceeding such Quantity as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, together with all the Expences of such Remeasurement.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman, or Driver of any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, loaden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, by any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals from any Ship, lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said resperitive Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the resperitive Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Surrey, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall not have placed on some conspicuous Part of his Cart, Waggon, or Carriage a perfect Bushel Measure, of the Form. Size, or Dimensions, and so stamped or marked as herein-before d la dled (which Measure shall be provided by the Vender or Venders.

A.D. 1807. 470 GE(X III. SeiT.2. C. lxviiL 545!

ders, Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals), then and in every such Case every such Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carnage, not having such Bushel Measure so placed therein or thereon, shall, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, That Coals which shall be carried or conveyed in Bulk, or in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage belonging to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, may be so carried or conveyed without the Carman being obliged to carry a Bushel Measure therewith, or any Person or Persons being subjetS or liable to any Penalty or Penalties in respect thereof, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders Venders shall of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf deliver Tickets Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, lighter, Barge, or other Craft, wh/rfMedfure' or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London or Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, or Eftx, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasfer3 thereof, from any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered a printed Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered the same Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carnage, shall be fiiot or delivered therefrom; and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following

' VENDER'S TICKET.

4 Mr. A.B.

[Here insert the Name of the Buyer.']

rT^ AKE Notice, That you are to receive herewith

[Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of

e the] Coals [Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name 6 of thej Coals [Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the ' Name of the] Coals; and that by an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, the Carman is directed to deliver this Ticket before he (hoots any of the Coals out of his f Cart or Waggon; and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by which t^-Carman is directed to measure, gratis (under the Penalty of Twenty Rpunds) the Coals contained in any one c Sack which the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack

is to contain Three Busheis heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the

4 Outside of the Measure being the Extremity of the Base thereof.

i C.D.

[Here insert the Name of the Fender] E. F.

[Here insert the

4 Name of the Labouring Meter in case of the Coals being sent from

within either of the Lift riels -of the said respefiroe Offices]* Dated f Sb. /y-z

' IHere insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when.

such Ticket was signecl.

47 Geo. III. Nn And

Penalty on Vender not delivering Ticker,

- and on Carmen.

Carman require< to men l ure One Sack gratis in each Cart.

Penalty 1*n Caiman for driving Coals a way without me storing the abac k.

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be shot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other, Carriage, every such Vender or Venders shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been eiven by, or by the Dire£Hon of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Vender, or any Person by the Vender's Orders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or to his, her, their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be shot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver, or other Person aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, i CXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with* Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof by the Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Diilanct of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall and he is hereby directed to measure, gratis, if he shall be required so to do, the Coals contained in any one of the Sacks contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, which may be chosen by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants or other Person or Persons acting on the Behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, with such Bushel Measure as aforesaid, in order that such Purchaser or Purchasers may be better enabled to judge of the Necessity of having the Whole of such Coals re-measured in Manner directed by this Act.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Driver of any Cart or Waggon, or other Carriage, laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers by the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, Vessel, lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is4* are situate within the Distance of Twenty-live Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to measure by the said Bushel Measure such Sacks of Coals in Manner herein directed, when thereunto required by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or by hi?, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting-by or under the Authority, of such Purchaser or Purchasers, t: be measured, or

of any Rich Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or suffer the said Cart, Wa-Tv-on, or other Carriage to be c.rr/en away without jneafuring, in Manner herein directed, the , r.d Sack of Coals, or shall

binder.

C. lxviii.

547

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess.

hinder, obstru<ff* or otherwise prevent the Purchaser or iPurchafers of such Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, from measuring* the said Bushel Measure, or all or any Sack or Sacks in such his Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, then and in every such Case every such Carman or Driver so offending shall, foj* every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds; and the Vender or Venders of, or the Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

CXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Purchaser Cods Tent by or Purchasers, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, shall be Land Carnage dissatisfied with the Measure of any Coals fold or to be delivered JHall be re-within the Limits or District of any of the said respective Offices of b^ the Vurcha/cr. the said respective Land Coal Meters, and sent to him, her, or them* in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, and shall signify to the Carman, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, his, her, or their Desire to have the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals remeasured, then and in every such Case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, in which such Coals shall be brought, shall and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the House, Lodging, or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Coals, and the Cart, Waggon or.other*

Carriage, until such Coals are remeasured; and if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or suffer to be driven away such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, before the Coals contained therein shall be remeasured, without the Consent Or the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, then and in every such Case such Carman or Driver shall, for every such Offence* forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds,

CXVIL. And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Pur- purri^er ^3|{ chafers, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, so desiring such f-nd Nonce to Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carnage, to be re- Meiers' Office rf measured, shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to fend oefirousof or cause to be sent to the Vender or Venders of the said Coals, or to his, r^caCfuled/ her, or their Wharf, Warehouse, or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are to be remeasured, and such Purchaser or Purchasers. or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any one of the Offices of the said respective Land Coal Meters of his, her, or their Desire to have such Coals remeasured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters (not being the Meter under whole inspection the said Coals were originally measured) shall within the Space of Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the Office of any such Principal Coal Meter aforesaid, attend from such Office where such Notice shall be so left at the House, Lodging, or other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers*

as shall be expressed in such Notice, for the Purpose of remeasuring the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the fatne in the Presence of the Vender or Venders and Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her, or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them shalli attend to fee the same remeasured; and in case such Vender or Venders, or Purchaser or

N n 2" Purchasers, v

C. lxviii.

54S

Purch.ifer may a: his Option either have the Conrems of each separate Saek remeasured, or else the Contents of all the Sacks lent, taken together.

Penalties on Vender in case ot Deficiency on fjch

Rcmcafucement.

Penalty on

Mcieis and Coal Porters in case of any Coals fold for Wharf Measure proving deficient on such Rcmealuiement.

Pmalty on Venders of Coals by Pooi Measure.

47° GEO. III. Sess. A.D. 1807.

Purchasers, or his, her, or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, shall not attend for the Purpose of seeing such Coals so remeasured, then such Meter shall proceed in the remeasuring of such Coals in his, her, or their Absence; and such Meter shall and he is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, to reraeafure such Coal's, either by the distinct Sacks, so as to ascertain the Contents of each particular Sack of such Coals which shall remain in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or else to re meal ure such Coals, in such Manner, and so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together; and in cate the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals shall not, either before or immediately upon the Arrival of such Meter, signify or cause to be signified, to such Meter, his or their Option or Desire as to which of the said Two Ways he or they would widi such Remeasurement to be taken cr made in, then and in every such Case such Meter shall proceed to remeasure such Coals in such Manner, and so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together; and for such Remeasurement such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Principal Coal Meter or Coal Meters of or from the Office to which Notice shall have been sent as a fore said, Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and in case, upon the Remeasurement of any such Coals which shall be so remeasured as to ascertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, it shall appear to the Meter, so remeasuring the same, that any Sack or Sacks of such Coals shall not contain Three Bushels, then and in every such Case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, for every Sack of Coals that shall be so found deficient on such Remeasurement, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case upon the Remeasurement of any such Coals as aforesaid, which shall be remeasured in such Manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the same shall have been sent taken together, it shall appear to such Meter as aforesaid that the Coals thus remeasured do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then if such last mentioned Coals shall have been sold as and for Wharf Measure, the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall forfeit and pay, for every Bushel of Coals found deficient, the Sum of Five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient, or wanting in Measure to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where fuel) Coals shall be so remeasured; and the Labouring Meter, under whose Inspection the Coals were fir 11 meafu red, shall, for every Bushel so deficient, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and the Coal Porters who shall have first measured such Coals for the Vender or Venders thereof* shall, for every Bushel of Coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; but if any such Coals so remeasured in the Manner jaft mentioned, and so found to amount to less than the Quantity for which the same were fold, shall have been sold as and for Pool Measure, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every such rive Chaldrons and One Vat, the Sum of Forty Shillings; and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten. Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured^ then and in such Case such Vender or Venders of

2, such

C. lxviii.

5!p

such Coals shall Forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so deficient in every Such Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Five Pounds: "

Provided nevertheless, that no such Coals so fold and sent shall be remeasured, so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals taken together, after more than One Sack of such Coals shall have been /hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, into or upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Remeasure- Penalty on snent of any Coals fold and sent, as and for Pool Measure, by any Mete*/ 1, 1 ca^of Waggon, Cart, or other Land Carriage, and which Remeasurement Measure

shall have been made in such Manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity prove deficient of such Coals, contained in all the Sacks taken together, the Coals so upon fu h remeasured shall be found to be less or move than at the Rate of Three Remcaiurement, Bushels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks specified in the Vender's Ticket of such Coals, then the Meter who countersigned such Vender's Ticket of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency or Excess shall exceed Four Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of such Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every such Buffiel so exceeding or so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the Sum of Twrenty Shillings,

CXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon Expences c.f any such Remeasurement which shall be so made so as to ascertain the Remeasurement, whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks sent, taken together, of any such Coals fold and sent as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, the Whole of such Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the Whole of such Coals shall be sold, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bu/hel, repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals; and if upon any such Remeasurement which shall be made, so as to ascertain the Quantity contained in each and every of the particular Sacks sent of any Coals sold as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, it shall be found that One Fourth Part or more of the Number of the Sacks of such Coals, fold and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bushels each respectively, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of the Remeasurement thereof; but if the Number of such particular Sacks so found deficient shall not amount to One-Fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of such Coals so fold and sent, then and in such Case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

CXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any such Penalty on Notice as by this Act dire died shall have been given by or on the Be- Principal Meters half of any Purchaser or Purchasers at any of the said respective not lenclinS*Land Meters' Offices, requiring the Attendance of any Meter from S

any of such Offices, for the Purpose of remeasuring- any Coals fold measure the either for Wharf or Pool Measure, then and in every such Case the Coals. v Principal Meters or Meter for the Time being, at any of such respective Offices or Office where such Notice shall have been given or sent, is and are hereby authorized and required to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters from their respective Offices or Office, for the

N n 3 Purpose

559

C.lsviii.

47

0 GEO.

III. S2.

A.D. 1807.

Cat men shall be pid 3s. per Hour when stopt for having Coals rtmeasure-t.

Regulation as to C>a!s sold by Weighi,

Purpose of making the Remeasuremerit, and such respective La* bouring Meters or Labouring Meter shall and are and is hereby authorized and required to remeasure any such Coals which they shall be so sent to remeasure, whether the Furchafer or Purchasers of such Coals shall or not be desirous of having such Remeasurement proceeded in, any Thing herein contained to the contrary not with* Handing; and if any such Principal Meters or Meter, after having received any such Notice as aforesaid, shall neglecH or refuse within the Space of Two Hours after the Receipt of such Notice to fend a La-bourirg^Meter or Meters to the House, Lodging, or other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers accordingly, or if any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters shall refuse or neglect to remeasure such Coals, then and in every such Case every such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters and Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any such Purchaser or Purchasers, or any other Person or Persons, shall prevent, obstruct, or interrupt, or attempt to prevent any such Remeasurement being proceeded in and made by any such Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters so sent by any such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters in consequence of any such Notice, then and in every such Cale every such Purchaser or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXX[. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage shall be flopped or detained for the Purpose, or under Pretence of re-admeasuring the Coals or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of every such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage shall be entitled to the Sum of Three Shillings per Hour for every Hour the Cart shall be so detained, and so in Proportion for any Fradlion of an Hour, over and above the usual Cartage of such Coals; which Three Shillings per Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals, in case the same, or any Part thereof, shall, upon the Remeasurement thereof, be found deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of such Coals, in case the same shall not be re-measured, or shall upon such Remeasurement be found to amount to the Quantity for which such Coals were fold.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals which shall be sold by Weight at any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within any of the respective Limits or DiflridT of any of the said respective Offices of the said respective Land Coal Meters, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall be sold or weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weight confiding of One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois Weight, and Twenty such hundred Weight shall be and be deemed and taken to be One Ton; and all such Coals so to be sold shall be weighed and loaded at such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place/ of Sale, in the Presence of one of the Labouring Land Meters from the Office, within the Limits or Dillri6fc of which such Wharf, Ware* house, or other Place of Sale shall be situate, and such Labouring Meter is hereby authorized and required to superintend apd inspect the weighing and loading of all such Coals so sold by Weight, in order that such Meter may fee and be satisfied that in every such Loading the full Weight of Coals is actually given, which shall be expressed in the Vender's Ticket $ and such Meter may refuse to countersign the

Vender*!

C. lxviii.

$5l

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Seff-, 2.

Venders Ticket of any such Coals, in case such Meter /kail not fee the full and proper Weight shall be given according to the Quantity which shall be expressed in such Vender's Ticket, but such Meter shall and he is hereby required to countersign the same, in case the proper Weight shall be given according to such Quantity of Coals expressed in such Vender's Ticket; and for such Inspection of such Coals so sold by Weight, there shall be paid by the Vender or Venders thereof, or by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Ware-house, or other Place from whence such Coals shall be sent, to the Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters for the Time being, within the Limits or District of whose Office such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place from which such Coals sold by Weight shall be sent may be situate, Sixpence for every Ton of Coals so weighed under the Meter's Inspection, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, and such Sum of Money shall be repaid to such Vender or Vendersby the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

CXXIII. And be it, further enabled, That the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals so sold by Weight, within the Limits or Diffridl of any of the Offices of the said respective Land Meters, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloacted, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following; that is to say,

4 Mr.A.B.

[Here insert the Name of the Buyer-\

4 'p^.KE Notice that you are to receive herewith [Here insert the Number] Tons [Here insert the Name of the J Coals: Forinfpedfing which Coals you are, in conformity to an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the*Third, to repay 'me, the undersigned [Here insert the Name of the ' Seller] the Sum of [Here insert the Amount of the Inspefiton Charge]

being at and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold 4 to, and to be received by you herewith.

(Signed) 4 C. D.

[ Here insert the Name of the Seller.]

(Counterligned)1 E. F.

[ Here insert the Name of the Meter ]

And in case any such Vender or Venders do not deliver or causejto be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid, and so countersigned by a Meter as jaforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals are unloacted, every such Vender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Car-mail, Driver of, or other Personattending any such Cart, WTaggon, or other Carriage laden with any such Coals, to whom any such Ticket shall have been given, by or by the Orders of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall, (having so first received the same from the Vender, or any Person by the Directions of the Vender) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be unloacted, such Carman, Driver, or other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all| Coals whatsoever fold within any of the said several and respective Limits

N n 4 of

Vender's Ticket with Coals sold by Weight.

All Coals shall be sold either by Weight or by the Chaldron or Bulhfrb

55*

lYnuipnl Meters for Lo '.don shall produce upon Oath, before the Court of Common Council, their Accounts of Metage Monies received by them, and shall pay the fume into ths Chamber of the City.

Application of Monies arifng from Metage in thf London District.

Salaries to Meters, &c.

Clxviii. 47° GEO. III. Seif. 2. A D, 1807.

of this Afave and except only such Coals as shall be sold by Weight in Manner aforesaid, shall be sold either by the Chaldron, such Chaldron to coniift of Thirty-fi x of such Bushels so heaped up as aforesaid, or by the Sack, each Sack containing Three such Bushels so heaped up as aforesaid, or else by such Bushel as aforesaid, or by the Half Bushel, Peck, or Half Peck: Provided such smaller Measure shall be same Aliquot Part of such Bushel Measure; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That alland every the Principal Meter and Meters for the Time being for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Lhnehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, shall, and each and every of such Principal Meter or Meters for such District is and are respectively hereby directed and required to produce and deliver in, once or oftener in every Month, before the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London, in Common Council affem^ bled, or before such Persons as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall for that Purpose appoint, a full, true, and accurate Account or Accounts, in Writing, verified by Affidavit, of all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time, by virtue of this Adft, be received by such Principal Meter or Meters for such District, for any Metage, Inspection or Remeasurement of any Coals which shall be measured, remeasured, or inspected by any such Principal Meter or Meters, or by any Labouring Meter or Meters within such Distritft; and every such Account so directed to be produced as aforesaid shall, previously to the Production thereof, be verified upon Oath by such Principal Meter or Meters for such Dif-trict, before the said Lord Mayor, or any of the Aldermen of the said City of London, and which Oath any such Magistrate is hereby authorized to administer; and every such Principal Meter or Meters for such District shall, and he and they is and are Hereby also directed and required, Once or oftener in every Month, to pay into the Chamber of the said City of London all and every such Sum and Sums of Money which shall be so from Time to Time by virtue of this Act, received by such Principal Meter or Meters for any such Metage, Inspection, or Remeasurement of any Coals within such District, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any such Principal Meter for such District shall not. Once or oftener in every Month, produce and deliver in before such Persons as aforesaid, such Account so verified as aforesaid, or shall not. Once or oftener in every Month, pay into the Chamber of the said City of London alland every such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so from Time to Time, by virtue of this Act, received by such Principal Meter for any such Metage, Inspection, or Remeasurement of any such Coals as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Principal Meter shall, for every inch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That out of the Monies which shall be so from Time to Time paid into the said Chamber of the said City of London, by such respective Principal Meters for the said City of London and Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Lhnehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London in Common Council assembled, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, are hereby directed and.requited*

553

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Seffi z. CTxviiu

required, from Time to Time, to pay or cause to be paid such yearly or other Salary, or respective Salaries, to each and every of such Principal Land Coal Meter or Principal Land Coal Meters, for the Time being, for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Lhnehouse Hole, in the said County of Middlesex, <as they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall from Time to Time think jreasonable; and it shall and may also be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, are hereby also directed and required, out of such Monies which shall be so from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the said City, to payor cause to be paid such weekly Wages to each and every of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Lhnehouse Hole, in the said County of Middlesex, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, m Common Council assembled, shall from Time to Time think proper to appoint: Provided nevertheless, that such weekly Wages so to be appointed for such Labouring Land Coal Meters, shall not at any Time be less than Twenty Shillings per Week for each and every of such Labouring Meters: And it shall and may also be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby also directed and required to pay, or cause to be paid out of such Monies which shall be so from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the said City by such respective Principal Meters for such District, the Costs, Charges, and Expences of maintaining, supporting, and repairing the said Land Coal Meter's Office for the City of London, and between the Tower of London and Lhnehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex; and such yearly or other Salary, or respective Salaries, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think reasonable to be paid to each and every of such Clerk and Clerks, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think proper or necessary to employ in such Office, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences of Coals, Candles, and Furniture for fuchtLand Coal Meter's Office, and all such other House Expences, relating to such Office, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall seem reasonable and proper: And in case and when and as the aforesaid Monies, which shall be so from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the said City of London by such respective Principal Meters for such District, shall be more than sufficient for maintaining, repairing, and supporting the said Land Coal Meter's Office for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between the Tower of London and Lhnehouse Hoky in the County of Middle sex} and for defraying the said Expences of Coals, Candles, Furniture, and other House Expences relating to such Office; and also for the paying the Salaries which shall be appointed to be paid as aforesaid to the respective Principal Meters for the Time being for such District, and to the Clerk or Clerks who may be employed in such Office as aforesaid; and the weekly Wages of each and every of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for such District; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, are hereby also directed and required to reduce the Sum or Sums of Money which are by this Act dire died to be

5S4

C.Hviii.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

paid for the Metage, Inspection, or Remeasurement of "any Coals within the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County or Middlesext Overplus shall to Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient for such fever?! be applied in Purposes; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor,

Reduction of the Aldermen, and Commons again to raise such Sum or Suns of Money

Mer-ige Uut-es - ' " —

in the London Diitiiit.

Wall'i End, Temple Wall'* End, Hehburn Main, Heaton N; in, Biggs Main, South Helm urn,

Wiliii gton, KiBingi v\ urth, ai.d Pi rcy Main CoaH, may be

n>i\eil tog- i t.ev, and oj'.d by the iNum: ul Be ft Loaii mixed."

Plnrtkv > Blythe, and Coupon Main Coals may be mixed together, and ft hi by either of tiiotc Names.

to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum or Sums granted by this Act, when and so often' as it shall be necessary for such several Purposes.

CXXVII. And Whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Consumer, and to the Prevention of Frauds and Impositions, if Venders or or Dealers in Coals were reffridled from mixing Coals of different Sorts, except in certain Cases herein excepted; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex> Surrey, Kent, and Essex> as is or are situate within the Distance of twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, to mix or lay up in One Heap or Pareel, or cause to be mixed or laid up in One Heap or Pareel, in any Ware-house. Repository, or other convenient Place, or to fell or cause to be sold when mixed, all or any Two or more of the Nine Sorts or Descrip-tlons of Coals, called respectively, Wall's End Coals, Temple's Wall's End Coals, Hebburn Main Coals, Heaton Main Coals, Biggs Main Coals, South Elebburn Coals, Willington Coals, Killingsworth Coals, and Percy Main Coals, and such Nine several Sorts of Coals, or any Two or more of them, may be so mixed together in any Proportions whatsoever; but no such Coals, when so mixed or heaped together, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall, after the mixing thereof, be sold or sent to any Purchaser or Purchasers unless such Coals be sold by Wharf Measure, nor unless such be sold and be described in the Ven- der's Ticket to be sent therewith, as and for and by the Name of Bell: Coals mixed and if any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coafs, shall fell or cause to be sold, or fend or cause to be sent to any-Purchaser or Purchasers, any such Coals so mixed or compounded of all or any Two or more of the said Nine Sorts or Descriptions of Coals, or any Part or Parts of such Coals so mixed, by or as or for any other Measure than Wharf Measure, or without such Coals so fold or sent being fold and all'o described in the Vender's Ticket to accompany the same, as and for and by the Name of Best Coals mixed, " then and in every such Case every such Vender or Dealer so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, to mix or lay up in One Heap or Pareel, or cause to be mixed or laid up in One Heap or Pareel, in any Warehouse, Repository or other convenient Place, or to fell or cause to be sold, when mixed, all or any Two ojf

the

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. C.lxviii. 555

the Three Sorts or Descriptions of Coals, called respectively, Blythe Coals, Hartley Coals, and Coupen Main Coals: And it shall ^ud may be lawful to and for any such Vender or Dealer to fell any such Coals, when so mixed, as and for and by the Name of any or either of such Three respective Sorts of which such Coals so fold shall be mixed or compounded.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when the Coals laden on Is

board any Lighter 01 Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft or ^ckKid to Crafts, lying at or near any Wharf or Wharfs, or other Place or Five Chaldrons, Places, within the said Port of London, shall be so reduced in Quantity Wharf Mature, as that the Whole of the Coals contained in each and every one such ni3y be hcaPtci lighter, Barge, or Craft, shall not exceed Five Chaldrons, Wharf Measure, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Vender or Venders \yJirchoui'c ! of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and WeslmmJler, orthere-spedfive Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Diliance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, to mix and lay up, or cause to be mixed and laid up, from Time to Time, in One Heap or Pareel, in any Warehouse, Repository, or other convenient Place, all or any of such remaining Parcels or Clearings of Coals, out of each and every or any of such Lighter or Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft or Crafts; but no such h; u 'he same remaining Quantities of Coals, when so mixed or heaped up together, h.c |', ul^or any Part or Parts thereof, shall, after the Mixing thereof, be sold \\, or sent to any Purchaser or Purchasers, unless such Coals be loid by < Co..U oi Wharf Measure, nor unless such Coals be sold, and be described in dits'e cm $o»*g the Vender's Ticket to accompany the same, as and for and by the nv.xcd."

Name of i( Coals of different Sorts mixed 5" and if any such Vender °n

or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall mix or lay up in disabcying. any Warehouse or other Repository, any Two or more remaining Quantities or Clearings of Coals out of any such Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, any or either of which remaining Quantities or Clearings shall exceed Five Chaldrons Wharf Measure or if any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be sold or sent to any Purchaser or Purchasers, any such remaining Coals so mixed and cleared out of any such Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, or any Part or Parts of such mixed Remainders of Coals, by, or as, or for any other Measure than harf Measure* or without such Cdals so fold or sent being fold, and also described in the Vender's Ticket to accompany the same, as and for and by the Name of u Coals of different Sorts mixed, " then and in every such Case every such Vender or Dealer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That no such Vender or Ven- 0^er C(, aj, ders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said Port of London, , h., ll be miui or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall mix or cause to be mixed for Sale, or shall knowingly fell, or cause to be sold wheq mixed, any Coals whatsoever of Two or more different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions, unless such Coals of such Two or more different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions,

5S-6

C. lxviii*

AA shall not prevent storing up different Sorts of Coals in a Warehouse in distinct Parcels.

No Coals shall be sold except by Whai f Measure, or without the true Description in the Vender's Ticket.

Pmviilons relpeeling Coal Sheds or Warehou fes where Coals are'fold iiiQuanruics

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

tions, shall consist either wholly of Wall's End, Temple's Wall's End, Hebburn Main, Heaton Main, Biggs Main, South Hebburn, Willing-ton, Killingsworth, and Percy Main Coals, Or wholly of some Two or more of such Nine Sorts of Coals, or wholly of Blythe, Hartley, and Coupen Main Coals aforesaid, or wholly of any Two of such Three Sorts of Coals, or otherwise wholly of Coals which shall have been cleared out of any such Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, whose respective Loadings shall have been each reduced, before the mixing thereof, to a Quantity not exceeding Five Chaldrons, Wharf Mea-lure; and if any such Vender or Dealer shall mix or cause to be mixed for Sale, or shall knowingly fell, or cause to be sold when mixed, any Coals whatsoever of Two or more different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions, which Coals, when so mixed, shall not consist either entirely of Wall's End, Temple's Wall's End, Hebburn Main, Heaton Main, Biggs Main, South Hebburn, Willington, Killingsworth, and Percy Main Coals, or entirely of some Two or more of such Nine Sorts of Coals, or entirely of Blythe, Hartley, and Coupen Main Coals, or entirely of some Two of such Three Sorts of Coals, or entirely of Coals that shall have been cleared out of any such Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, whose respective Loadings shall have been each reduced, before the mixing thereof, to a Quantity not exceeding Five Chaldrons, Wharf Measure, then and in every such Case such' Vender or Dealer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be taken or construed to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within any of the several and respective Limits of this Act, from laying or boring up for Sale in any Warehouse or Re^ pository, or other convenient Place, any Quantities whatsoever of Coals, of as many different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions, as he, she, or they shall respectively think fit, provided such different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions of Coals be respectively laid and kept in such Warehouse or other Repository in separate and distinct Pareels, and wholly unmixed, and provided no such Coals be sold by any other than Wharf Measure, or without the true Name or Names of every or any of such Sorts of such Coals as shall be sold and sent from any such Warehouse or other Repository being expressed in the Vender's Ticket to be sent therewith to any Purchaser or Purchasers; and if any such Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be sold, by any other than by Wharf Measure, any Coals out of any such Warehouse or other Repository, in which Two or more different Sorts of Coals may be so stored or deposited, or shall not insert, or cause to be inserted, in the Vender's Ticket to be sent with such Coals, the true Name or Names of each and every Sort of such Coals as shall be sent from or out of any such Warehouse, Repository, or other Place, to any Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every such Case, every such Vender or Dealer so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

CXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend> so as to hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the several and respective Limits of this Act, who shall keep any Coal Shed, Shop, or Warehouse, where Coals shall

C.lxviii.

557

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. , 2.

be sold in Quantities not greater than Half a Chaldron, and where no Coals shall ever be sold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, from mixing or heaping up together, or causing to be mixed or heaped together, in such Shed, Shop, or Warehouse, any Quantity or Quantities \yhatsoever, of any and as many different Sorts, Names or Descriptions of Coals, as he, she, or they shall respectively think fit, or from felling or causing to be sold such Coals when so mixed: Provided nevertheless, that such Coals when so mixed shall be sold as and for and by the Name of " Mixed Coals, '* and shall not be sold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, nor shall be sold at any other Place than at the Shop, Shed, or Warehouse, where the same shall have been so mixed.

<£ This Act not to prevent the Sale of Coals mixed at any Time before " 1st September 1807, § I33*

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and foy the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, from Time to Time, to make, ordain, and establish such Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, and from Time to Time to amend, alter, or repeal the same, or any of them, for the regulating, governing, and managing the said Market, and all Erections, Buildings, Works, Matters, and Things thereunto belonging, and also for the regulating of all Officers to be employed in such Market, and all other Persons coming thereto, or transacting any Bulmefs therein) as to the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen shall seem juil and reasonable; and also from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to repeal, amend, and alter such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, and also to fix and appoint certain reasonable Penalties or Forfeitures for the Non-observance or Non-performance, or other Breach of any such Rule, Order, or Bye Law, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be recovered by such Ways and Means as any other Penalties or Forfeitures may be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no such Rule, Order, or Bye Law, be repugnant to or incon-fiffent with the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or contrary to the Directions and Provisions in this A Cl contained.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no such Order, Rule, or Bye Law, shall be good, valid, or effectual, nor shall any such Order, Rule, or Bye Law, be amended, altered, or repealed, save and except such Order, Rule, or Bye Law, or any Amendment, Alteration, or Repeal of any such Order, Rule, or Bye Law, shall have been submitted to, and allowed and approved of, from Time to Time, by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Justice and the Rest of the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice and the Rest of the Justices of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron and the Rest of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any One or more of them, who are and is hereby empowered and required, o.n Requell from Time to Time to them or him made by or on Behalf of the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, to peruse and examine all such Orders, Rules, or Bye Laws, as shall from Time to Time be made, amended, altered, or repealed, by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, iu pursuance of this Act, and laid before them or him the said Lord High

not exceeding

Haifa

Chaldion.

Court of Aldermen may-make Bye Laws ro regulate the Market.

Such Bye Laws shall be approved

and allowed by One or more of the Judges.

C.lxvlii.

5-S8

Rye Laws shall

he pi im< d and published.

Mayo', &e. en'powered to npp i..t

Couimiitics.

Persons interested not eligible to Inch Committee*.

Pe; Tons no- free or the Cry m. y

be- employed.

47° GEO. III. Seta.

A.D. 1807.

High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Justice and the Rest of the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice and the Rest of the Justices of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron and the Rest of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any One or more of them, and to alter and amend all such Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to allow and approve of, or disallow and disapprove of the same, or any Part thereof, or to allow and approve of, or to disallow or disapprove of the Repeal of the Whole or any Part thereof, as to them or him shall from Time to Time seem proper and expedient, and for doing thereof no Fee or Reward shall be paid or taken.

CXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, so to be from Time to Time made, altered, amended, or repealed, by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, shall be printed, and such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, and the several Alterations and Amendmends made therein, and the Repeal thereof respectively, shall also be made public in such other Manner as the said Couit of Lord Mayor and Aldermen shall think proper, and shall from Time to Time order and direct.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, from Time to Time to appoint One or more Committee or Committees to manage and transact all or any of the Matters or Purposes, which they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby authorized and required to do, execute, or perform, which Committee or Committees io to be appointed shall have such or so much of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit or proper to delegate to such Committee or Committees.

CXXXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, being a Member of any such Committee, shall be directly'or indirectly interested or concerned in any Contract which shall be made or entered into by or on Behalf of such Committee, for or concerning any of the Works to be performed or done in pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any Materials to be used or employed therein, every inch Contract shall be void, and the Person who, being a Member of such Committee, shall be so interested or concerned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Committee or Committees so to be appointed shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to employ any fit Person or Persons, whether free of the City or not, in or about any of the Works, Matters, or Things, which they shall cause to be performed or done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and to contract for the doing and Performance of such Works, Matters, and Things, or any of them, with any Person or Persons, in such Manner tas the said Committee or Committees shall think fit; and that no Person or Persons who shall be so employed or contracted with, in, about, or for any of the Purposes of this Act, nor any Person or Persons to be let to work by or under them, or any of them, shall, for any Act done or to be done in or about the Premisec, be subject or liable to any

Aduon,

C. lxviii.

5S9

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

Action, Indi Ament, or Information, upon the Statute made in the

Fifth Year of Her Majesty Oucen Elizabeth, intituled, An sift con- sElix. c. 4.

taming divers Orders for Art ficei s, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry,

and Apprentices, or be liable to be fried for any Breach of the Custom

of London, or for any Penalty inf]idled by any Bye Law of the said

City.

" Ah Securities shall be entered in a Book by the Chamberlain, to " which all Persons entitled to Annuities, dec. shall have access with-" out Fee, §140. — The Chamberlain shall keep the Books provided " under the recited Acts of the 43 and 44 G. 3. §141. — Chamber-

<c lain shall keep Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements, of the Duty " on Coa!s, Cinders, and Culm, §142.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Alder- f

men, and Commons shall, Once in each and every Year, or oftener

if required, lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account of the Ducy, ^c. before Produce of the said Duty of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton, hereby Parliament, granted and made payable upon Coal, Cinders, and Culm, and also of all Receipts and Disbursements received or paid for or on account of the said Market, and also an Account of the Quantity of Coals fold in each and every such Market, and of the Prices thereof. u Chamberlain shall keep Account of Receipts and Disbursements on " Account of the Metage Monies, §144.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Alder- Accouws thereof men, and Commons, shall, Once in each and every Year, or oftener 0 hjC l'"d

if required, lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account of parliament. Monies to be received by virtue of this Act in respect of the Metage,

Inspection, or Remeasurement of any Coals within such last mentioned Diilridl, and also of all Disbursements paid, for or on account of the said Land Coal Meter's Office for such District.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or P|ncs^nr* Forfeitures by this Act, or by virtue of the Powers and Authorities ekcecdin* thereof imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is Twenty Pounds not hereby otherwise directed), not exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall may be reeovned, be sued for within One Calendar Month after the Offence or Offences b.fore a Juitiec committed; and all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be ot lhc ^cr-cc-levied and recovered before any Justice or Jukicesof the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed; and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Information or Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Summons or Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders, at the Time and Place as shall be in such Warrant speei-fied; and if on the Conviction of the Offenders respectively, either on his, her, or their Confeffian, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), such Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, and the Overplus of the Money (if any) raised by such

Distress and Sale, after dedu£lin'g the Pine, Penalty, or Forfeiture and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for want of Distress, or in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall

6 nqi.

C.lxviii.

56 o

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid; and One Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when paid, shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall go to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or shall be applied in such Manner, for carrying this Act into Execution, as the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall take place shall direct.

Appeal tc the CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

Quaaer Sessions. lawful to and for any Person or Persons so convidied by any Justice or Justices of the Peace a9 before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this A£fc, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions to be holden for the County, City, or Place where such Conviction shall be made, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and 'finding sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for prosecuting the said Appeal with Efsect, and abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices, in such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them the said Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quaffed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, cr any other Writ or Process what foe ver, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof 'in any wise, notwithstanding.

For summening CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe

WiifleiTes. lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures shall be sued for, to summon before him or them any Person or Persons who shall, in or by the Complaint or Information made to him or them, appear to be a necessary Witness as to the Matters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at a Time and Place to be specined in the Summons; and in case such Person so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, then, upon due Proof of the Service of such Summons in Manner aforesaid, such Person so summoned, and not appearing in Compliance therewith, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as is he re in-before dire died as to other Penalties; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, to cause such Person to be apprehended by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, and to be brought before him or them, and thereupon, whether such Person shall appear upon Summons as aforesaid, or shall be apprehended as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may proceed to examine him or her upon Oath as to the Matter of such Com-

A.D. 1807.

47° GEO-III. Sess. 2.

C.'xv

56X

plaint or Information; and in case such Person shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer or to give Evidence therein, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Jufcice or Justices, by Warrant ijnder his Idand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person so refilling to be sworn, or to answer, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, County, or Place, in or for which such Justice or Justices shall then aft, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Penalty on son?, upon his, her, or their Examination upon Oath before any Justice Persons guilty or Justices of the Peace acting in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully of Perjul7-and corruptly give false Evidence touching any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall take or make any false Oath or Affidavit with respect to any Matter or Thing'relating to this Act, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as, by any Law in force and effect, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CL. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or For- Recovery of features, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by this Act imposed, Penalties above for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, shall and may ^Record* bs recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign,

Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, by the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, within Three Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and one Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, shall be to and for the Use of our Sovereign Lord the Xing, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof (together with Double Costs of Suit) shall be to and for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be Distress not to made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this be lawful for Act, the Pi ft refs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the ^r'the tVUes Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Tref- deemed passers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Trespassers Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or the Proceedings relating thereto, ab initio, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage sustained in an Action on the Case.

CLII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against: this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, ihalland may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet, j-E it remembered, That on the

in the Year of our Lord sl. B. is convicted before me One of His Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for the [Here J'pecify the

Offence and the Time and Place when and where com?nitted, as the Case may be-\ contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the Eorty-seventh 47 Geo. III. O, o 4 Yeat

Day of Form of

J Conviction,

C, lxviii.

56x

47" GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D'j 807.

c Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [jHere insert 6 the Title of this Ai7]. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above written. ' C.D

PL'dnliff (lill! not ne-c^vcr'wiihouc N rice or after Tender of Amends.

LiroVtation oi Actions, Six Months,

Venue.

Double Cons.

C.<mrner>eomcr»t of the Act.

Publick A

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twenty-one Days before such Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such A.61 ion if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, at any Time before I flue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

CLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action ct Suit shall be brought and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

CLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place, from and after the Fourth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and otheis, without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers. PAYMENTS payable to the Deputy Sea Coal or Ship Meters, by Ship Owners, Coal Buyers, or Dealers.

By tlje Ship Owner or Owners.

The Sum of Three Shillings per Twenty Chaldrons for working at the Vat, and so on in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

The Sum of Three Shillings per Day for every Day that the Meters shall be on board of any Ship or Vessel for the Purpose of measuring, Coals thereout, in lieu of Provisions and Drink.

The

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. SdT.2. C.lxviii — lxx/ 563

The Sum of Ten Shillings and Sixpence for travelling Expences, when employed in the Admeasurement of Coals in miy Ship or Vessel below Green-with, in the County of Kent.

The Sum of One Guinea, upon the Delivery, for each and every Ship or other Vessel, in the Room, of all Allowances in Coals, and all other Gratuities, by or on the Behalf of the Ship Owners.

By the Buyer or Buyers of, or Denier or Dealers in Coals.

For making out and delivering to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, Agent or Agents, a general Bill or Account of the Coals admeasured or delivered out of any Ship or other Vessel, on the Account of any Buyer or Buyers, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, for each and every such Bill or Account, the several Sums following; that is to say: The Sum of Three-pence for any Quantity of Coals Iefs than Fifty Chaldrons, specified therein; the Sum of Sixpence for any Quantity of Coals specified therein equal to Fifty and less than One hundred Chaldrons; and the Sum of Nine-pence for any Quantity of Coals specified therein, equal to One hundred Chaldrons and less than Two hundred Chaldrons; and for Two hundred Chaldrons and any greater Quantity, the Sum of One Shilling.

Cap. lxix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of several Adds for the Maintenance and Repair of the Harbour of Dover, in 'the County of Kent. \ [8th August 1807.]

" Former Acts, 11 and 12 W. 3. c. 5. — 2 and 3 Anne, c. 7.- — 4 G. 1.

r. 13. — 9 G. 1. c. 30. — 31 G. 2. c. 8. — 26 G. 3. c. 11. continued -" for the Term by this Act granted, §1. {See §28.) — Certain Ton-<£ nage Rates granted to be taken by the VvTarden, &c. of the Harbour " of Dover, §2, 3. — Rates payable only once in a Year, §4, - — Ad " not to extend to King's Ships, §5. — The Rates dial] be paid ee by Foreign Ships, §6. — Rules for enforcing and collecting the " Rates, §7, 12.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden or his Accounts (Bali Lieutenant, and the other Assistants of the said Harbour, and their be yearly laid Successors, shall yearly lay before each House of Parliament, a true before Account of the Receipt and Application of all Monies which shall be ai iaraent received by the said Warden or his Lieutenant, and the Assistants of the said Harbour, and their Successors, by virtue of this Act. cc Power to borrow Money, on Security of the Rates, §14, 18. — u Recovery and Application of Penalties, §19, See.- — Public Act,

<c §27. — Continuance of Act Twenty-one Years, &c. from the End " of the present Session of Parliament, §28.

Cap. Ixx.

An Act to revive and continue for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of several Acts passed as relate to the better regulating of Pilots for conducting Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thamt, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway* [8th August 1807.]

Recital of 3 G. t. c. 13. amended by 7 G. 1. c. 21.; (continued by v" IO G. 1. c. 17.; 8 G; 2, c. 2 1.; 23 G, 2. c, 26. > 4 G. 3. r. 12.;

O02 iSG. 3.

5^4

Pilots shall not in future quit Ships at Gravesend wi.hcut leave of Captain, or until another Pilot conies on board.

Rales of Pilotage to OJraveleml, ths >Jore, and the Medway.

C.lxx. 47° GEO. III. Sess. a. A.D. 1807.

" 18 G. 3. c. 45.; 32 G. 3. c. 36. ;,) and amended by 43 G. 3. c. 152.; . " further continued for Seven Years, and until the End of the then " next Session of Parliament, §1.

II. And Whereas great Delays and Lodes and great Prejudice

to Trade will arise, if Pilots belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle i of Thanet, taking Charge of Ships or Vessels into the River Thames ' or Medway, are allowed to quit any Ship or Vessel before the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at the Place of her Destination, in the ' Thames or Medway be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Twelve Months next after the passing of this Act, if any Pilot belonging to Dover, Dealor the Isle of Thanct, taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel into the Thames or Medway, shall quit such Ship or Vessel at Gravesend, or in any other Part of the Thames, or in any Part of the Medway, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at the Place to which such Ship or Vessel is bound in the said River Thames or Medway respectively, without the Consent of the Captain, or unless or before any other Pilot shall come on board to take the Charge and Conduct of such Ship or Vessel, every such Pilot shall forfeit for every such Offence all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conduced or piloted such Ship or Vessel into the River Thames or Medway.

<c During the said Twelve Months Pilots may take the Rates in this " Act contained, §3.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient to grant higher and greater 6 Rates and prices for Pilotage, and at the same Time to prevent any

exorbitant Demands for Pilotage be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Twentieth Day of Mugufl One thousand eight hundred and seven, the following Rates or Prices, and no greater or other Rate or Price, shall be demanded and taken by Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, for the piloting or conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet> to any Place or Places in or upon the said River of Thames or Medway; (that is to say),

For the piloting or conducting any Ship or Vessel from Dover, Deal, of the Isle of Thanet, to Gravesend on the River Thames, to the No re or to Sheerness and Stangaie Creek, or other Parts of the River Medway, the Rates and Prices following, and no greater or other Rates or Prices; (that is to say),

For all Vessels drawing less than Seven Feet Water, Five Pounds

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Seven Feet Water, Five Pounds and Five Shillings

For every Ship- or Vessel drawing Seven Feet and a Half Water, Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eight Feet Water, Six Pounds: For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eight Feet and a Half Water, Six Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Nine Feet Water, Six Pounds and Fifteen Shillings

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Nine Feet and a Half Water, Seven Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Ten Feet Water, Seven Pounds and Ten Shillings;

For

5^5

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. C. lxx.

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Ten Feet and a Half Water, Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eleven Feet Walter, Eight Pounds and Five Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eleven Feet and a Half Water, Eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Twelve Feet Water, Nine Pounds: For every Ship or Vessel drawing Twelve Feet and a Half Water, Nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Thirteen Feet Water, Nine Pounds and Fifteen Shillings

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Thirteen Feet and a Half Water, Ten Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Fourteen Feet Water, Ten Pounds and Ten Shillings

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Fourteen Feet and a Half Water, Ten Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence.:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Fifteen Feet of Water, Eleven Pounds and Five Shillings

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Fifteen Feet and a Half Water, Eleven Pounds and Twelve Shillings and Sixpence

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Sixteeiv Feet Water, Twelve Pounds:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Sixteen Feet and a Half Water, Twelve Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Seventeen Feet Water, Twelve Pounds and Fifteen Shillings

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Seventeen Feet and a Half Water, Fourteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence

For every Ship or Vessel, drawing Eighteen Feet Water, Fifteen Pounds and Six Shillings

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eighteen Feet and a Half Water, Fifteen Pounds and Fourteen Shillings

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Nineteen Feet Water, SixteenPounis and Thirteen Shillings

For esrery Ship or Vessel drawing Nineteen Feet and a Half Water, Twenty Pounds Nine Shillings and Sixpence

And for every Ship or Vessel drawing Twenty Feet Water, Twenty* one Pounds.

For the piloting or conducing any Ship or Vessel up the River Thames Rate* of beyond Graiefend as far as Long Reach oh the River Thames, the P'loraSe from Rates and Prices following, and no greater or other Rates or Prices: 9avt£nd (that isto say), W S«ch

For every Ship or Vessel drawing not more than Ten Feet Water, Tea Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Ten and a Half to Twelve Feet Water, Fifteen Shillings

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Twelve and a Half to Fourteen Feet Water, Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Fourteen apd a Half to Sixteen Feet Water, One Pound and One Shilling

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Sixteen and a Half to Eighteen Feet Water, One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence

O 0 3 Ap4

566

C lxx.

47° GEO. TIL SeT. 2. A.D. 1807.

Rates of Pilotage from Giavelend to Kincic.v.i II ujd London.

And for every Ship or Vessel drawing from Eighteen and a Half to Twenty Feet Water, Two Pounds and, Two Shillings.

The above Rates or Prices to be in Addition to the Fates or Prices allowed by this Act for the Pilotage of any such Ships or Vessels from Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet to Grave/end.

For the piloting or conducting any Ship or Vessel up the River Thames beyond JGravefend, and also beyond Long Reach upon the River Thames, to Blackball and London, the Rates and Prices following, and no greater or other Rates or Prices

For every Ship or Vessel drawing not; more than Ten Feet Water, One Pound and One Shilling:

For every Ship or VeiTd drawing from Ten and a Half to Twelve Feet Water, One Pound and Ten Shillings

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Twelve and a Half to Fourteen Feet Water, One Pound and Fifteen Shillings

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Fourteen and a Half to Sixteen Feet Water, Two Pounds and Two Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Sixteen and a Half Feet Water, to Eighteen Feet-Water, Three Pounds and Three Shillings

And for every Ship or Vessel drawing from Eighteen and a Half to Twenty Feet Water, Four Pounds and Four Shillings.

R^rc of Pilotage for c-nriving n Ship

m!o R mifga'.e Harbour.

The above Rates and Prices to be in Addition to the Rates and Prices allowed by this Act for the Pilotage of any such Ship from Dover, Deal, and the JJle oj Thanet, to Gravesend.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Pilot of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, who shall take Charge of and conduct any Ship or Vessel into RamJ'gate Harbour, shall be entitled and shall receive for such Pilotage at and after the Rate of Five Shillings for every Foot of the Draught of Water of the Ship or Vessel To piloted and conducted by him into Ramsgate Harbour, if inch Ship or Vessel shall have been so piloted and conducted into Ramsgate Harbour in moderate Weather; and if such Ship or Vessel shall have been so piloted or conducted into Ramsgate Harbour under any Circumstances of Distress, then such Pilot {lrallfce entitled to such Sum of Money, to be calculated according to the Extent and Circumstances of such Distress, as the Commissioners of Salvage established under the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports shall upon Application either of the Pilot or Owner or Matter of any such Ship or Vessel, upon enquiring into all such Circumstances, direct j and such Commissioners Ilnli and they are hereby required upon any such Application made to enquire into all such Circumstances, and to determine the Amount of the Sum so to be paid for the Pilotage of any such Ship or Vessel into Ramsgate Harbour, without any Fee or Reward for so doing.,

Pilots shall be examined as to conducting Ships into Ramsgate iiui b.ur.

VI. f And Whereas Rqmfgate Harbour hath become much fre quested as a Port of Safety, and Ships and Vessels lying in or failing

through the Downs, being near to Ramsgate Harbour, are often- times compelled to run for Ramsgate Harbour; and it is therefore f necessary that all Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle ' of Thanet should he able and should be pompellable to pilot and con*

dutft Ships and.Vessels into Ramsgate Harbour in case of Necessity or ( Distress, and that all such Pilots should therefore be examined as

to their Abilities'!; o'conduct Ships or Vessels into Ramsgate Harbour; 5

C.lxx — lxxii.

5*7

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. SeflT. 3.

be it therefore enacted, That all Pilots of or belonging to Dover,

Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, shall qualify themselves, and shall be examined as to their Qualification and Ability to conduct any Ship or Vessel into Ramsgate Harbour; and that all Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deaf and the Isle of 'fhanet, shall be obliged to pilot any Ships or Vessels under their Care or Conduct into Ramsgate Harbour in all Cases in which it may be expedient for any such Ships or Vessels to take Shelter or go into the said Harbour; and if any Pilot of or be- Penalty for longing to Dover, Deal or the Isle of Fhanet, shall refuse to take Charge of or conduit any Ship or Vessel under his Care, or of which he shall have the Charge as a Pilot, into Ramsgate Harbour, in any such Case as aforesaid, such Pilot Pnall forfeit all Pay and Reward to which he might other wise be entitled, and be i object to inch Fine or other Pu'nishment for his Refusal to take Charge or or conduct inch Ship or Vessel into Ramsgate Harbour as the Court or Load Manage shall impose or adjudge.

Not to extend to KingL Ships, See. §7. — Publick Act, §8.

Cap. lxxi,

An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Tnys Congor, situated on the Coast of Efioncdd, in the County of Carnarvon.

[bth August 1807.]

William Alexander Madocks Esquire, and his Heirs and Assigns em-u powered to make the Harbour, and to levy certain JTonnage Duties " and Duties on Goods imported and exported.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and t hWor k s Persons whomsoever, who shall at any Time 01: Time3 hereafter, wil- guilty of Felony, fully or designed.lv demob'/h, break down, damage, or set on fire the said Pier, Quay, Wharf, or any of the Works which shall be constructed in, or which shall belong to the said Harbour, or who shall wilfully do any Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the same, or who shall wilfully or designedly extinguish or put out any of the Lights used in or belonging to the said Harbour, for the -Safety and Protection of the Ships or other Vessels resorting to the same, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and the Court by and before whom, such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years; or, in Mitigation of PuniiTiment, mav award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafe<5 of Petit Larceny.

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Stratford Bo<w, otherwise Stratford le Bow, Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary Islington, Saint Matthew Bethnell Green, and several other Parishes, riamlets, Townships, and Places adjacent or near thereunto, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex.

[8th August 1807 ]

H The Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks, in-" corporated. — Empowered to make Water-works, at Stralford, iC Hackney, Islington, Newington, Tottenham, Spitalfields, Ratcliss, &zc,

" &c. — ri'o supply the same with the Water from the River Lee*

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall deftrrving knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously break, throw down, damage, or Works,

O o^destroy Single Felony.

tJu. J-4

- f-bU'

5*8 C.lxxii — Ixxlv. 47° GEO. III. Self. 2* A.D. 1807.

destroy any Banks or other Works ereTed, made, or maintained by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case every such Person shall be judged guilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom inch Person or Persons shall be tried and conviiled shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such

Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Saving of the Rights of the City of London, § ji. — And of the New River Company, §53

Cap. lxxiii.

G* 3- c- 30, An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parities with the Hundred of Cosford, except the Parish of Hadleigh, and also the Parish of Polstead, within the Hundred of Babcrgh, in the County of 1Suffolk.

[ 6th August 1807.]

Dublin Grand Juries required to make Presentment and Assessment of the whole Aniwupc of the Value of Ground and Premises pm chafed, to be a Ailed >y a hLale of one Shilling in the Pound, p-jyjhle Half yearly.

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for improving, and rendering more commodious, such Part of the County and County of the City of Dublin, as is situate on the South Side of the River Anna Lijfey. and Well of His Majesty's Castle of Dublin; and for the Appointmen^of an Inspeilorof the Preferments and other Accounts of the County of the City aforesaid t [8th August 1807.]

r? Former Iriflo Acts, viz. 3r G. 2. c. 19. — 33 G. 2. c. 15. — 7 G. 3. <c c. 7. — 21 and 22 G. 3. c. 17. - 23 and24G. 3. c. 31. — 26 G. 3. r.32. " — 27 G. 3. c. 43. — 30 G. 3. c. — 36G. i. c. 54.-39 G. 3. c. 53. -" 40 G. 3. c. 61, confirmed and applied to the Execution of this Act, " §1, 2. — Commissioners empowered to purchase Lands and take 4< down Buildings, Sec. §3 — 9.

' X. And whenever the said Commissioners shall have caused any Ground, or any House or Houses, or any Premises to be valued by a Jury in Manner by the said recited Acts, or One of them, directed, an authentic Copy of the Inquisition and Finding, ligned by Three or more of the said Commissioners, shall on the First Sitting-day of any Easter or Michaelmas Term, be laid before the Court of King's Bench by the said Commissioners; and the said Court of King's Bench final), in each and every such Case, charge the Grand Jury of the CouRty of the City of Dublin, and the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin, to meet in One Room, at a certain Time to be named by the Court; and it shall be then lawful for the said Grand Juries so assembled, or any Twenty-four or more of them, and they are hereby required, to present the whole Amount of such Finding or Findings, so laid before them; and the Sum and Sums of Money so presented by such Grand Juries, -shall be raised, levied, and collected by Two equal Instalments, One Instalment in every Easter Term, and the other Instalment in every Michaelmas Term, on all and every the Houses and other Buildings erected or to be erected, within the District of the Metropolis, and all such Instalments shall be paid by all and every the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses and Buildings respectively; and for the better raising of the said Instalments, it shall and may be lawful

to

5^9

more of them, and they are hereby empowered to present, rate, and assess on all such Houses and Buildings any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound in any One Year* on the Value of all such Houses or other Buildings, according to the Valuation by which such Houses and Buildings respectively are now, or hereafter may be, valued or rated, for or towards the Maintenance of the Watch Establishment of the said District and every such Presentment, Rate, or AiTeflment, when so made, shall be signed by Twenty-four of such Jurors, and when so signed, shall be allowed by the Court.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after any and every Trenfurer fbalt such Presentrnent, the Treasurers of the Grand Juries of the County affcfs the Ome of the City of Dublin, and County of Dublin respectively, shall, after accordingly-every Easter and Michaelmas Term, afleis without any further Pre-

fentment or Direction of any subsequent Grand Jury, the said Half-yearly Rate or Rates so presented as aforesaid, on the respective Owners and Occupiers aforesaid, and deliver the same in Warrants to the Collectors herein after mentioned, and so from Time to Time until the whole Amount of the General Presentment shall have been raised, from which Time the same respective Rates shall cease and be no longer payable.

XII. And, to the End that the said Half-yearly Rates may be Grand Juries the more easily assessed upon the said Houses and Buildings, and lUts to^b"° their respective Owners and Occupiers, be it further enacted, That it a; j Houses*1 shall be lawful for the said Grand Juries of the County of the City and Buitdings of Dublin, and County of Dublin respectively, of the Term wherein liable to be any such Half-yearly Rate or Rates shall have been presented, by Re- ralecl-quisitions in Writing, to be signed by their respective Treasurers, to

require the proper Officer to furniffi to the said respective Treasurers of the Grand Juries, within Twenty Days next after the End of such Term, true and correct Lifts of all Houses or other Buildings within the District of the Metropolis, which are or hereafter shall be liable to be rated, towards the Maintenance of the "Watch Establishment of the said City; and also true and con-eft Returns of the respective Valuations, according to which such Houses or other Buildings now are or hereafter shall be rated, towards the Maintenance of the said Establishment, and also Yearly and every Year afterwards during the Continuance of any such Half-yearly Rate, by like Requ iition, to be made Two Calendar Months before the Sitting Day of Easter Term, to require the said Officer to furniffi to the said respective Treasurers, within Twenty-one Days before the Sitting Day of the said Easter Term, true and correct Lifts of all such Houses and other Buildings, within the respective Counties, as may have been valued under the Authority of any Act of Parliament for regulating the Peace Establishment of the said District, or of any other Law subsequent to the last Return made pursuant to this Act, together with a true and correct.

Return of all and every such Valuation; and the said proper Officer is hereby required to transmit to the said respective Treasurers, at the respective Times aforesaid, such Lifts and Returns as aforesaid, verified by Affidavit: And if any such Officer or Officers shall refuse or neglect to transmit any such Lift or Return at any of the respective Times aforesaid, or to verify the same as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, he and they shall, for each and every such

Default,

C. lxxiv.

47° GEO. III. SdT. 2.

A.D. 1807.

Allowance to Trenfurer and Sec re tat y, by Prefenrmtnis of Grand Juries.

For paying Interest of Mon ies by Frcfc ntments -1 the Grand jus iec.

no'xance to Clerk, of Commissioners by Fre.'entment of Grand jury.

Default, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, to be brought in the Name of the Treasurer of the County of the City of Dublin, or of the County of Dublin, as the Case may be, and applied as Part of the Publick Money of the said County of the City, or County respectively.

" Treasurers shall make the Rates by such Lifts, and deliver the same " to Collectors, who shall collect and account for the same, §13 — 22.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Juries of the County of the City of Dublin, from Time to Time to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred Pounds at each EaJIer and Michaelmas Term, and to and for the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin, from Time to Time to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifty Pounds at each EaJIer and Michaelmas Term for their respective Treasurers and Secretaries, and.in such Shares and Proportions, as the said Grand Juries shall think proper, in Consideration of the additional Labour, Trouble, and Expence of their said respective Treasurers and Secretaries, in making out the Lifts and Returns aforesaid, and also in drawing and entering the said Presentments, and making out Books for Collection. u Inquisitions of Juries shall be enrolled in Chancery, §24. — Com-'c missioners empowered to apply the Monies raised under the Act, " and to borrow Money on Security of the Rates, §25 — 32.

XXXIII. And, to the End and Intent that the Interest of the said Sum may be duly and regularly paid Half-yearly, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of the said Commissioners shall, on the First Sitting Day of every EaJIer and Michaelmas Term, lay before the Court of King's Bench the Amount of the Interest due on said Securities, and the said Court of King's Bench shall, in each and every such Case, charge the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin, and the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin, to meet in One Room at a certain Time to be named by the Court, and it shall be then lawful for the said Grand Jury so convened, or any Twenty-four Members thereof, and they are hereby required to present the whole Amount of such Interest folaid before them, and such Interest Monies when so presented, shall be raised and levied on and out of all and every the Houses and other Buildings erected or to be erected within the District of the Metropolis, and shall be paid by all and every the Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively in such and the like Manner, and according to the same Mode of Assessment, and by such and the same Ways and Means as is herein-before directed, with respect to the Presentments found on the Inquisitions hereinbefore mentioned.

*4 Treasurers shall assess such Rates accordingly; and the same shall be collected and applied to Payment of the said Interest, §24 — 36, <r — Commissioners empowered to ditpose of Surplus Money, Ground, (i Materials, &c. §37 — 40.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and m3y be lawful to and for the Grand Juries of the County of the City of Dublin, from Time to Time, to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of Twenty-

live

C. lxxiv.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

1

five Pounds at each Easter and Michaelmas Term, and to and for the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin from Time to Time to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds at each Eefter and Michaelmas Term for the Clerk of the said Commissioners, in Consideration of the additional Labour, Trouble, and Expences, he'may be put to by the Provisions of this Act.

XLII. And for the better and more regular auditing, not only Appointment of the Accounts of the Treasurer of the County of the City of Dub- to

lin, and the Accounts of the several Collectors who may be em- Accounts of the ployed to collect the aforesaid Rates and Duties directed to be raised Collectors Of 4 in pursuance of this Act, but also the Accounts of all Collectors of Grand Jury Grand Jury Eels for the County of the City of Dublin, by Pre- - Cess for the 4 "fentment be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within ^uniyoftbe Thirty-one Days after the passing of this Act, the Treasurer of the U° 'n* County of the City of Dublin, Pnall cause an Advertisement to be publifiled in the Dublin Gazette, fgnifying that [herestate the Name of the Foreman,] who was the F< reman, and the several Persons who were sworn Grand Jurors for ti e County of the City of Dublin, at Easter Term last, [ here state the Tear,] shall assemble in the Grand Jury Room at the Court of King's Bench on the Day therein to be appointed, which Day shall be within Ten Days after the Date and publishing of the Advertisement, at the Hour of One of the Clock, to elect a lit and proper Person to be Inspector of the public Accounts of the said County of the City of Dublin; and the ibid Grand Jurors, or any Twelve or more of them, being lo convened, shall accordingly proceed to elect, by a Majority of Voices, a fit and proper Person to be such Inspector; and the Foreman, or, in \his Absence, the Person who shall be higheftin the Lift, attending, shall preside; and if the Grand Jurors so attending shall happen to make an even Number, and are equally divided in their Votes, the Person presiding shall have a double or calling Voice, and immediately after the Election the

Foreman or Person presiding, shall lign a Certificate that, pursuant to this Act, A.B. of was duly elected Inspector

of the public Accounts of the City of Dublin, which Certificate shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Crown, to be kept amongst the Records of his Office; and the Person so elected, before he shall take upon him the Execution of the Office, shall make, before One of the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, the following Affidavit, which shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Crown, and shall be hied with the Certificate of his Election

4 £ A.B. being elected to the Office of Inspector of the Public Accounts of the County of the City of Dublin, do swear, that as long as I shall continue to be such Inspector, I will execute the Duties of that Office as by Law directed, impartially, and to the bell of my Abilities, without Fayour, Partiality, Hatred, or Malice /

XLIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the £>uly Gf Duty of the said Inspector shall be to receive from the Cashier, or Inspector, iu other Officer of the Bank of Ireland, an Account ligned by the said examining Cadiier, or proper Officer, which he is hereby required to give on De- Accounts, calling mand, Hating the Balance in the Bank to the Credit of the County i the fnrae* of the City of Dublin, on the Effioign Day of the preceding Term, before Grand and the Amounts of all Receipts and Payments made subsequent to Jury, it; and which Account the Inspector shall compare with the Treasurer's,

Mode of puffing Treasurer's Accounts before

: ut Grand Jury*

Ukxiv* 47° GEO. III. Sell: 2. A.D. 1807.

furer's Book* and Vouchers, and having ascertained wlmt Part of the said Balance belongs to the respective Parishes, such Inspector shall lay such Account before the Grand Jury, on the First Sitting Day of each Term, and shall personally attend at the Court of King's Bench, on the First. Sitting Day of each and ever}'- Term, if not prevented by Sickneis or unavoidable Accident; and if so prevented, shall depute and fend in his Place a Person, for whom such Infpt&or shall be answerable, to receive all Affidavits to ground Presentments, which he shall examine, and report any Error therein; and such Inspector, or other Person as aforesaid, shall examine all Affidavits, accounting for the Expenditure of Money, that shall have been delivered to the Grand Jury; and after having received from the Clerk of the Crown the Affidavits on which the Presentments accounted for were grounded, which the Clerk of the Crown is hereby directed to deliver each Term, on Demand, to such Inspector; and the said Ii.spedlcr, or other Person as aforesaid, shall annex them together, audit and compare them, and shall lay them, with all convenient Speed, before the Grand Jury, together with any Remarks that may occur to him, to be examined by the Jury, and to be allowed or diiallowed by them; and all fucU Affidavits, together with the Presentments that the Grand Jury shall make, shall be laid before the C ourt of King's Bench, on the Sitting Day next but Two before ihe last Day of Term; and all such Accounts and Presentments shall be returned by the Clerk of the Crown to the Inspector, who shall, on or before the la ft Day of Term, produce to the Grand Jury engraven Drafts in the Form following, payable to the Persons who fvvore to the Expenditure of the Money, and whose Accounts were allowed, or to whom Money was presented to be paid, and which was allowed by the Court:

To the Governors and Company of the Bank of Ireland,

<c Pay to or Bearer, the Sum of

" which place to the Account of the County of the

" City of Dublin* Term One thousand eight hundred and

" C.D. Inspector of City Accounts." All which Drafts shall be signed by the Foreman of the said Grand Jury, and the Inspector shall deliver such Drafts to the Treasurer of the County of the City of Dublin, to be by him given to the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Drafts respectively were drawn, on the proper Receipt of such Person or Persons in the City Book; and upon Delivery of the Drafts to such Person or Persons, the Treasurer shall countersign them with his Name, and shall also specify therein the Day of the Month and Year; and every such Draft so drawn and countersigned, shall be to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or their Cashier, full and lawful Authority to pay the Contents thereof to the Drawer, or his or her Order, out of the Monies so as aforesaid to be paid into the said Bank, by the said Treasurer, , 011 account and to the Credit of the said County of the City of JDublln.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in each Term, when the Treasurer of the said City shall lay his , Accounts upon Oath before the Grand Jury, he shall produce to the said Grand Jury the Receipts of the O verfeers whose Accounts were allow* ed, and also the Receipts of the several Persons to whom any Money was presented to be paid, and which were allowed by the Court, or the 3 Drafts

G'.lxxW*

573

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Seif. 2.

Drafts of the Inspector, if the Monies for which Drafts respectively were drawn, have not been demanded; and at every Eqfler and Michaelmas Term, after the accounting Affidavits, and the Presentments empowering any Overseer to expend any Sums in executing any public Work, shall have been fiated by the Court, the Inspector shall make out an Account for the said City at large, in which the said Inspector shall make the said City the Debtor for the Amount of all such Sums as have been at former Terms accounted for, and that have not been demanded; and for the Amount of all Sums (landing on the Quere Book the First Day of that Term, for thp said City at large, and that maybe accounted for, and for the Amount of all Sums that were presented and fiated that Term, and shall give the said City Credit for such Part of the Cash in the Bank as shall belong to the find City at large; and after having (Iruckthe Balance, shall proportion it as near as may be upon the several Parishes, and shall in like Manner make out a separate Account for each Parish, adding to the Debit Side the Proportion of the Sum that the Parish is to pay, which was presented on the said City at large in that Term; and having firuck the Balance at the Bottom of the Account of each Parish, the Grand Jury, on the last Day of Term, shall present those Balances to be raised in the several Parishes, and fnali at the same Time lay before the Court the several Accounts signed by the said Inspector: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court to fiat over and above those several Sums, all Arrears that the Collectors shall return, and which the Grand Jury shall present to be levied on the District or Parish where such Arrears became due, in addition to the Portion such District or Parish is to pay, of the Sum presented at that Term to be applotted; and the said Inspector shall, on the lall Day of each Term, deliver to the Clerk of the Crown all such Affidavits and Accounts as he shall have received from the Grand Jury or the Clerk of the Crown, together with the City Accounts, that they may be preserved amongst the Records of the Office.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Inspector of the publick Accounts of the County of the City of Dublin, the Election of an Inspector to fill the said Office, io vacant, shall be made by the Foreman and Grand Jurors of the next preceding Easier or Michaelmas Term, as it shall happen to be, after such Vacancy shall take place, and shall be made and certified in the same Manner, and in the like Number of Days as is herein-before directed for the Election of an Inspector of the publick Accounts; and it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at -each Eajhr and Michaelmas Term, to present a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be raised upon the County of the City of Dublin at large; to Be paid as a Salary to the Inspector of Accounts, so to be appointed, in Consideration of his Labour and Trouble in the Discharge of the Duties of the said Office: Provided always, that no Person adding as Inspector or Collector, under this Add, shall be capable of serving on such Grand Jury, during such Time as he shall be acting as such Inspector or Collector.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin, to present and raise, in theulual Manner, on the said County of the City of Dublin, from Time to Time, any Sum or Sums of Money, which they shall think reasonable $id proper, not

The Grand Ju; y shall nominate a. new Inspector upon Vacancies.

Allowance- to mm by Piefcntmer.t.

Providing Stationary for publick Use by Presentment of Grand Jury.

Saving for jurisdiction of Scnefchah.

Certain Mnr-ri.4gesfolemr.uzed in che Parish while the Church was in a Stare of Decay, declared valid.

Ministers who solemnized such Marriages mdemrehed.

C.lxxiv — lxxvi. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, at each Rafter and Michaelmas Term, for Printing-Work, Books, and Stationary, for the life of the said County of the City of Dublin, and of the Seliions Court in the said City, and every such Presentment or Presentments shall be allowed by the Court.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall lessen or alter in any reipeSl the Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Jurisdictions of the Chief Seneschal of the Courts of Record in all Places within the Lortlships, Manors, Hereditaments, Lands, Fees, and Liberties of the Precincts of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, or of the Archbishopric of Dublin, or of the Cathedral Church of Saint Patrick, or of any Offices belonging to the said Comts respectively, but that the Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Jurisdictions of such Seneschals respectively shall remain and be possessed and exercised by them, and each of them re-ipeblively, and their Successors in like Manner as if this Act had not been made.

Publick Act, §48.

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Pari ill Saint Michael in the Liberties of the City of, Limerick, andadjoining the said City, and for preventing and removing the Nuisances therein.

[8th August 1807.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for taking down the present Church, and providing a new Church and Chureli-yard, in the Parish of Wallfend, in the County of Northumberland, and for rendering valid certain Marriages io-lemnized in the said Parish while the present Church has been in a State of Decay.

[8th August 1807.]

<c Dean and Chapter of Durham empowered to grant to Trustees appointed under the Act, the Scite of a New Church, to be called u Walls End Church; after the Consecration of the New Cl lurch no u Banns of Marriage shall be published, Marriage solemnized, or pub-cc lick Baptism performed in the Old Church, §23.

XLIIL ' And Whereas on Account of the ruinous State of the said f present Parish Church of Wallfend, Divine Service could not be performed therein, but hath for force Time pash been performed in a 6 certain Room at Wallfend aforesaid, commonly called The Vejlry* { Room, and iome Marriages have been solemnized, and Banns of ' Matrimony published therein by the officiating Minister of the said

Parish Church for the Time being, under an erroneous Conception ' arvd Belief that such Marriages and Banns might lawfully be so so-f lemnized and published respectively, in consequence of the ruinous ' State of the said Parish Church be it further enacted, That the said Marriages so solemnized, and Banns published, shall be as good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes what foe ver as if the same had been solemnized and published respectively in the said Parish Church.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Minister or Ministers who solemnized the said Marriages, and published the said Banns of Matrimony rep ectively, ' shall be and he and they is and are hereby indemnified

C. lxxvi — lxxxi.

575

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Self.2.

demnified again! the Penalties inflicted by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandeflne Marriages, upon Persons who shall solemnize Marriages in any other Place than a G'hurch or publick Chapel in which Banns bad been usually published before or at the Time of passing the said Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Registers of the Marriages so solemnized as aforesaid, or Copies thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of Inch Marriages, in the same Manner as Registers of Marriages solemnized in the said Parish Church of Wall fend, or Copies thereof, are received in Evidence: Provided nevertheless, that in all such Courts the same Objections shall be available to the receiving such Registers or Copies in Evidence as would have been available to the receiving the lame as Evidence, if such Registers or Copies had related to Marriages solemnized in Parish Churches or Chapels in which Banns were usually published, before or at the Time of pafQng the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second.

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for erecting a Chapel on certain extra parochial Land called Standard HiU, near.the Town of Nottingham.

[8th Auguf 1807.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Soakes of Bolingbrooke and Horncqflle, and other Places, in the r County of Lincoln, [8th Auguf 1807.]

tc Acts 18 G. 3. c. 34.; 19 G. 3. c. 43. in Part repealed. — Jurisdic-ic tion of Commissioners under the present Act Record of

" Judgement may be removed into Supreme Courts, and Execution " levied thereon with 20 s. extra Colls — (See ch. vii. of this Section.) " Privilege not allowed to Attornies.

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Borough of Jpfivich, in the County of Sifolk.

[8th Auguf 1807.]

Jurisdiction §£5. — Extra Costs on Execution from Superior Courts " 1 os. — No T- ivilege to Attornies.

Cap. lxxx.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to complete the same.

[8th August 1807.]

ie Company empowered to raise g£6c, 000. in Addition to their Capital u under former Act, 31 G. 3. ( U. K)c. xxxi.

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act to alter, amend, explain, and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the Rochdale Canal Navigation.

[8th Auguf 1807.]

CapK lxxxib

26 G. 2. c. 33. '

Registers'of such Marriages Hi al l foe received in Evidence.

34 G. 3. c. 7S, 40 G.3. C, XXXV*4

+4 G- 3.

46 G. 3. c. xx.

57<5

A, D*1807.

See former Acts 7 G. i. c. 10. 33 G. 2. c. 49.

Pestroying the Wui ks made Vclony.

Pefttoying Works, Felon

C.IxxxIi — lxxxv. 47° GEO. III. Self. 2.

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act to authorize the Trustees of the Rivel* Weaver Navigation to open a more convenient Communication between the said River near Frodsham Bridge and the River Mersey, near Weston Pointy in the Township of Weston, in the County of Chester, and to amend Two Acts relative to the said River. j th August \ 807.[)

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice ot-the said Cut or Canal, break, throw down, damage, or destroy, any Banks or other Works, to be erected'or made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful Hurt or Mii'chies, to obilrivdl, hinder, or prevent, the canning on, completing, supporting and maintaining, the said intended Cut or Canal, such Person or Persons shall be judged guilty of Felony, and every such Felon shall be subject and liable to the hke Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons Rail be tried and convicted Avail, and hereby have Power and Authority to transport Inch Felon for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be tranR ported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for repealing several Acts, of the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the IJlc of Ely, and Counties of S poil and Norfolk, near Mildenhall River, io far as relates to the several Lands in the.First District therein described, and for making better Provision for draining and preserving the said Lands.

[8th August 1807.]

" Former Acts 33 G. 2. c. 32.; 13 G. 3. c, 20,; and 37 G. 3. c, 89* in Part repealed.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person y. and Persons who Rail at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully and maliciously cut, burn, throw down, injure, damage, or destroy any Bank, Engine, Bridge, Floodgate, Tunnel, or Sluice, or any of the Works belonging thereto, made and erected, or which Rail be making and erecting for the draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, or any of them under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as the same relate to the said Fil'd District therein mentioned, or of this Act, and Rail be thereof lawfully convicted, then and in every inch Case such Person or Persons shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and be transported for Seven Years, or in mitigation thereof may be puniRed as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act to regulate and improve the Cattle Market, to provide a Market House, and establiAi a Market for the Sale of Butcher's Meat and other Articles, and to make other Improvements, within the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex.

[8th August 1807.]

Cap. lxxxv. 0

An Act for raising and securing a Fund for the Relief of Widows and Children of Burgh and Parochial School-masters in Scotland.

[8th August 1807.] ' WHEREAS

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. SefU.

C. lxxxv.

57/

WHEREAS the Burgh and Parochial Schoolmasters of Scotland at their Decease often leave their Widows and Children in.i indigent Circumstances, and it is therefore expedient and necessary to raise a Fund by individual and annual Contribution, under the Name of*The Fund of the Burgh and Parochial Schoomlafters of ' Scotland? for the Relief of their Widows and Children but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Persons as are at the Time of passing this Act, ContriHiters u Burgh or Parochial Schoolmasters in Scotland) and who, by a Writ- the Funding under their several Hands, shall declare their Resolution to become Contributors to the said Fund, shall be bound to make Payment to the General CaOiier, or to the Collectors of the Fund, to be appointed as herein after mentioned on or before the Firil Day of August immediately following the Date of passing this Act, or on or before* the Fir it Day of August immediately following the Declaration of their Resolution to become Contributors, of the full Amount of the annual Rate or Payment applicable to the particular Class to which they may respectively have chosen to subject themselves in Manner herein after mentioned, and of the like annual Rate or Payment on or before the Firil Day of August in every succeeding Year, d uring their respective Lives, with legal Interest of the said Sums respectively, from the Time of their becoming due till the Payment thereof, besides the full Colls which may be incurred in prosecuting for and recovering the same; but declaring that all such Persons as were either Burgh or Parochial Schoolmasters previous to the passing of this Act, and whose Accession to the said Fund shall not be declared by a Writing under their Hands, within the Space of Two Years after the passing of this Act shall be forever excluded from the Benefit thereof.

II. And be it enacted, That there shall be Five ClalRs. of Contri- Rates of butors to the said Fund, viz. the Contributors to the Firil or highest Contributu n Class shall be liable in the annual Payment of the Sum of Five Pounds

and Five Shillings; those to the Second Class in the Sum of Four Pounds and Four Shillings; those to the Third Class in the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings; those to the Fourth Class in the Sum of Two Pounds and Two shillings; and those to the Fifth or lowed: Class in the Sum of One Pound and One Shilling, of lawful Money of Great Britain respectively; it being optional to every Contributor to make Choice of the Class to which he wilshes to subject himself.

III. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall be appointed Schoolmasters a Burgh or Parochial Schoolmaster, and every such Schoolmaster who appointd after shall be removed from one School to another subsequent to the passing the J>ate o; zuh of this Act, shall, in consequence of his Appointment, or of such shall Translation, be held to accede to the Fund and be obliged to contri- Cjnllibuturs" bute thereto according to one or other of the above mentioned annual

Rates, and shall accordingly be bound to make Payment to the General Cashier or Collectors as aforesaid, of the full Amount of the annual Rate or Payment, applicable to the particular Class to which fie may chuse to subject himself in Manner aforesaid, and that upon the Firil Day of August, which shall firit happen Three Months after his Ap«

47 Geo. 1IE P p pointmrease

57 S

C.lxxxv.

A.D. rSoy

Entry and

M.miage

Payments.

Contributors resigning their Office may continue on tnc Fund.

P ovision for enforcing the regular

Payment of the -Annual Rates.

47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

pointment or Transtation, and of the like, annual Rate or Payment on or before the First Day of August in every succeeding Year during his Life/ with interest and Expences as herein before mentioned; and in case any such Person shall fail to make Choice of the Class to which he means to subject himself within the same Period after his Appointment, he shall be held as acceding to the fourth Class, liable in the annual Payment of Two Pounds and Two Shillings, andrated accordingly.

IV. And be it enacted, That every Person acceding and becoming' a Contributor to the Fund in Manner aforesaid, whether married or unmarried, shall be bound to make Payment to the said general Cashier or Collectors along wiih his firit annual Contribution of a Sum equal to the Amount of the annual Rate he shall have adopted, in Name of Entry Moneys and that if any Contributor shall, after his Accellion to the Fund, become a Widower and contract another Marriage, he shall for every such Marriage pay a Sum equal to his annual Contribution, on or before the first Day of August immediately following such Marriage, with interest and Expences, in case of Failure, in Manner as aforesaid; and those Payments or Taxes in reipebt of Entry or Marriage shall be over and above the ordinary Rate for the Year in which he shall have acceded to the Fund, or shall have contracted such other Marriage; providing always, that no Person shall be liable in any such Payment or Tax for and in respect of his Marriage with the Widow of a former Contributor, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.--

V. And be it enacted, That not with Handing any Contributor's Resignation of, or Removal from, his Office or Appointment as School' mailer aforesaid, it shall be optional to him either to continue a Contributor or not as he may incline; and in the Event of such Person continuing a Contributor and making regular Payment of the Rates to which he may be liable as herein-before specified, his Widow and Children shall be entitled to the full Enjoyment of the Advantages arising from the Fund; but if the Contributor so ceasing. to be any longer one of the Burgh or Parochial Schoolmasters in Scotland shall give Intimation by a Writing under his Hand to the Collector to whom he paid his last Contribution, or to the Clerk to the Fund at Edinburgh, of his Intention of no longer continuing a Contributor to the said Fund, he shall after such Intimation beYelieved from, and no-longer held liable in Payment of, his Contribution; or if he shall fail or neglect to make Payment of the said Rates for the Space of Two Years, then and in either of these Cases he shall be held to have relinquished all the Advantages arising from the Fund, and his Widow and Children shall be for ever excluded from the Benefits to which they would have been otherwise entitled; declaring always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed so as to affebt the interest of the Widow'or Children of any Contributor to the Fund, who shall have become disabled through old Age, Infirmity, or Disease, to exercise the Duties or retain the Office of one of the Schoolmasters aforesaid,

VI. And be it enacted, That if any Contributor shall fail or neglect; to make Payment of his annual Rate, or other Contribution, forwhich he may be liable as aforesaid, within the Space of Six Months after the same becomes due, then, and in that Case, the Collector of the Presbytery, within which he resides, is hereby ordered and required to issue a Writ; under his Hand, addressed to the Heritors of the Parish*

the

579

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. SdT.2. G.Ixxxvr.

the Magistrates of the Burgh, or other Persons liable in Payment of the permanent Salary due to such Defaulter, a§ Schoolmaster, certifying the Amount of the Arrears due, and requiring them to make Payment thereof to the said Collector, and the said Magistrates, Heritors, or others shall, upon such Requisition, make Payment of the said Arrears to the Collector, or of as much thereof as can be satisfied and paid out of the Salary then owing by them to the said School mailer

and the Receipt or Discharge, to be granted by the said Collector for all such Payments, shall be a' sufficient Acquittance to the Heritors,

Magistrates, or others, paying the same; and it is hereby declared that the said Writ or Requisition shall be equivalent to an Arrestment of the same Date.

VII. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid annual and other Sums Veiling amI payable for the Benefit of the Fund as aforesaid, shall be veiled, in changing the Trull, in the Name of the General Caftiier of the Society for the Time' Funrts*

to be appointed as herein after directed, and his Successbrs in Office; and the Security to be taken for the Funds of the Society, or any Part thereof, shall be taken in the Name of the said general Caftiier and his Successbrs in Office; but no Money shall be lent, except upon heritable Security, and with the Advice and Consent of a Majority of a Meeting of the Trustees appointed as herein after mentioned; and upon the Repayment of any Sums belonging to the Fund, the said general Caftiier; with Advice and Consent aforesaid, shall have Power to dif-'charge, renounce, or convey the Securities for the same, and to lend the Sums out again on new heritable Securities; but declaring nevertheless, that the said general Cashier, with Consent aforesaid, shall always have Power to in veil the said Funds, or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of the Stock of the Bank of Ragland, or of the Bank of Scotland, or of the Royal Bank of Scotland\ or to lodge the same occasionally on a Deposit-account at either of the two last mentioned Banks; as also, to fell, dispose of, or transfer the same from Time to Time, as the aforesaid Trustees shall think proper, and to reinvest the same in Stock, or upon heritable Security as aforesaid; and the said general Caftiier shall be obliged to lodge in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, at Interest, all the Money collected or received by virtue of this A cl, declaring that he shall never hold in his Hands above Twenty Pounds of the Money belonging to the said Fund.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid annual and other Sums, Application 0$ payable for the Benefit of the Fund as aforesaid, shall be applied by the Funds, the said general Cashier, under the Authority and Direction of the

Trustees herein after appointed, and their Successbrs in Office, to the Uses and Purposes after mentioned, viz. in the first Place, for Payment of the Annuities to Widows and Provisions to Children, as after mentioned, and in defraying the Expences to be incurred in the Execution of this Act; and in the second Place, for raising a Capital for the Purposes herein specified, to the Extent herein after declared and limited.

IX. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to the Widow of R^tes of every Contributor to the first or highest Class, an Annuity of Twenty- Annuities to five Pounds per-Annum; to the Widow of every Contributor to the Widows, second Class, an Annuity of Twenty Pounds; to the Widow of every Contributor to the third Class, an Annuity of Fifteen Pounds; to the

Widow of every Contributor to the fourth Class, an Annuity of Ten Pounds; and to the Widow of every Contributor to the fifth or lowed Class, an Annuity of Five Pounds; which respective Annuities shall

P p 2 commence

C. kxxv.

47° GEO. III. SeiT.a.

A.D. 1807.

commence and be paid without Deduction on the first Day of Septem-her, which shall first happen one full Half Year after the Death of such Contributor for the Year preceding the said Period, and the same shall continue to be paid on the said first Day of September yearly, during the Annuitant's Life: Provided always, that the deceased Contributor* in consequence of whose Contributions the Annuity is due, shall have actually paid Ten Years Contribution complete, and the full Amount of his Contribution for all the Years above Ten he may have been a Contributor to the Fund, and in case the said deceased Contributor shall not have paid Ten Y'ears Contribution, and the full Amount of his Contribution for all the Years beyond that Period he may have been a Contributor, his Widow shall only have right to and be paid annually. One Half of the full Annuity due to her, until such Time as the Amount of the Contributions actually paid by her Husband, and the Deductions from her Annuity, when taken together, shall be equal to the said Ten Years Contribution, and the full Amount of his Contribution, for all the Years beyond that Period he may have been a Contributor; but the Widow shall not, in any Case, be liable to make up more than the said Ten Years Contribution, and the Arrears of her Husband's Contribution for the Years he may have been a Contributor beyond that Period, neither shall there be more deduced from her in aryy One Year than Half of her Annuity; and it is also provided, that the Widow may if she thinks proper, pay up at any Time such Balance of Ten Years Contribution, or Arrears of her Husband's after annual Rates, as may be then due, in order that she may be entitled to draw immediately thereafter Payment of her full Annuity; and as soon as the Amount of the said Ten Yrears Contribution, and other after annual Rates has been in any of these Ways made good to the Fund, the Widow shall be entitled to and be paid the fullAnnuity due to her.

X. And be it enacted, That if the Widow of any Contributor shall

mjrrying_ ro lose enter into a Second or any succeeding Marriage, she shall in confe-ne p6'd*11 quence of such Marriage, forfeit and lose all Right and Title she

1C' might have previously had to an Annuity from the Fund, and none

such shall be paid to her.

XI. And be it enacted, That if any Contributor, having a Child, or Children, shall die without leaving a Widow; or if his Widow shall either die or enter into another Marriage, before the youngest of his Children, or only Child, shall have attained the Age of Fourteen Y'ears, then and in that Case, such Children who shall be under the Age of Seventeen Y'ears, shall be entitled to receive annually the full Annuity due to the Widow of a Contributor of his Class (without any Deduction in respect of the Father having been for a less Period than Ten Years a Contributor to the Fund) until such Time as the youngest Child shall have attained the Age of Fourteen Yeai-« complete, declaring that as soon as the youngest Child shall have attained the said Age, the said Children, or Child, who shall be under the Age of Seventeen Years shall be entitled to One Half only of the said Annuity, until the youngest shall have attained the Age of Seventeen Years, and after that Period the said Annuity shall for ever cease and determine; and in like Manner, in the Event of any Contributor having Children, or dying without leaving a Widow, or of his Widow either dying or entering into another Marriage, after his youngest Child shall have attained the Age of Fourteen Yrears but before attaining the Age of Seventeen Years, then and in that Case, the said Children or Child

8 above

Widow*

Provisions to Coil dren.

C. lxxxv.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2.

5*

above Fourteen, but under Seventeen Years of Age, shall be entitled to receive annually the One Half of the Annuity due to the Widow of a Contributor of his Class, (without any Deduction in respect of the Father having been for a less Period than Ten Years a Contributor to the-Fund), until such Time as the youngest Child shall have attained the Age of Seventeen Years, when the said Annuity shall for ever ceafeand determine: Provided that in both or either of these Cases, the Father shall have paid up his full Contributions during his Life; and declaring that in the Event of any Arrears being due by the Father, the same shall be made good to the Fund by Retention, in Manner already provided for in case of Annuities payable to Widows themselves; and which respective Annuities or Provisions shall be accordingly-paid to the said Child or Children, on the first Day of September, which shall first happen one full Half Year after their Father's Death; and the same shall continue to be paid to them on the first Day of September yearly thereafter, until the youngest Child shall have attained the Ages respectively before specified; and in all Cases where there arenoTutors and Curators, or Trustees legally authorized to manage the Afthirs of the said Children or Child, the Contributors to the Fund, who reside within the Presbytery wherein the said Children have their Abode, shall appoint Two or more of their Number to lay out and apply the said Annuity in such equitable Manner, and according to such Proportions as may to them appear moll for the Benefit and Advantage of such Child or Children.

XII. And be it enacted, That every Receipt from an Annuitant Certifip.^es fa shall have annexed to it an Attestation, dated on or after the Day be annexed t* on which the Annuity becomes due, signed by the Minister and Two the ^e^e'Pt Elders of the Parish in which such Annuitant shall reside, bearing lora idow*c that at the same Date, such Annuitant appeared personally before

the Subscribers, and declared that Ihe continues unmarried, of the Truth of which Declaration the Subscribers have no Reason to doubt; and that every Receipt from Tutors, or Curators, for the Child or Children of a Contributor, shall specify the Name of every such Child for whom they aft, and contain a Declaration, for which they shall be responsible, that such Child or Children is or are then to their certain personal Knowledge alive, and that such Child, or the youngest of them if more than One, has not attained the Age of Fourteen Years, or Seventeen Years, as the Case may be.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if any Member of this. Society, Indulgence to who shall have punflually paid his Contributions for the Space of old and In(*rm Twenty-five Years, shall be rendered unequal to the Discharge of McraL'er*-the Dig^of his Prosession, by the Infirmities of Age, or other

natural Disability, it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the Collector of the Presbytery aforesaid, with the Concurrence of a Majority of the Contributors within the said Presbytery, to grant Warrant and Authority to such Contributor to retain for his ©vvn Use out of his jannual Rate any Sum not exceeding Half thereof Yearly; but declaring that no Member shall in any Case receive any Exemption beyond Half of the Yearly Rate payable by him; and declaring also, that no Member whatever, although unable to perform the Duties of his Office, if in the Receipt of an Income arising from any Source whatever, equal to Thirty Pounds per Annum, shall be entitled to any such Exemption,

P P S XIV. An3

5 8a

C.lxxxv.

Provision for Deficiency of Funds.

'L'mif-ation of Capital,

Trustees-

Delegates maybe cholcn.

41° GEO. III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case at any Time, owing to any unforeseen Defalcation of the Funds, or to the increased Number of Widows and Children, or to any other Cause, it shall be found that the Sums arising from annual Contributions, Interest of Stock, and other Souroes, are inadequate to the just Demands upon the Fund, then it ill ailbe lawful for the Trustees present at any annual general Meeting, hel dupon the Third Friday of September, to assess the individual Contributors in such a proportionate additional Sum not exceeding Ten.Pounds per Cent, upon their respective annual Contributions, as may be thought necessary for the several Purposes herein-before specified; provided that due Intimation of such Intention shall have been made at leaf! Twice in the Edinburgh Newspapers, called the Caledonian Mercury and Evening C our ant, Three Months previous to the Meeting; and provided also that such Assessment shall meet with the Concurrence of not less than Three-fourths of the Trustees present at the said Meeting.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Fund so to be raised and established in virtue hereof, shall be allowed, after Payment of the Annuities and others herein before specified, to accumulate, till the same shall amount to the Sum of Seven thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, for and in proportion to each Sum of Three hundred Pounds Sterling of certain annual Contribution, and which said Capital shall be the total Amount of Stock; and whenever the said Capital shall amount tq the said Sum of Seven thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling for each Sum of Three hundred founds of certain annual Contribution, and so in proportion for any larger or less Sum, the Suiplus above the said Capital shall he divided annually among the Widows of Contributors*- according to the Proportion of their respective Annuities,

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall be at the Time of passing this Act, or who at any Time hereafter may become a Burgh or Parochial Schoolmaster, and a Contributor to the Fund within the Bounds of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, and also every Person being at the Time aforesaid, and who may hereafter become a Burgh or Parochial Schoolmaster of any Presbytery Seat within Scotland, and a Contributor to the Fund, together with the Delegates to be chosen in Manner herein after directed, shall be, and they are-hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for carrying into Execution all the Powers in and by this Act given; but declaring that the Schoolmasters within the Bounds of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, or those enjoying the Office of a Burgh or Parochial Schoolmaster in any Presbytery Seat, shall only continue Trustees during their remaining in the Possession of such Offices respectively.'

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and maybe law- 1 for the Contributors within.every Presbytery in Scotland (Edinburgh excepted) to meet in their respective Presbytery Seats, on the last Saturday of August, which shall first happen after the passing of this Act, and on the lafr Saturday of July annually thereafter, between the Hours of Twelve at Noon and Two. in the Afternoon, and there to elect, by a Majority of Votes, from among their own Number, One or more Delegates as after mentioned, to represent them as Trustees in the general Meeting of Trustees to be held at Edinburgh upon the Third Friday of September annually, or in any other general Meeting the y may think proper to attend for the Space of One Year, commencing from the said Third Friday of September annually, declaring that if the Number of

Contri.butprs

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Self. 2. CVIxxxv, IxxxvI. 5S3

Contributors within any Presbytery do not amount to Twelve then they shall elect only One Delegate; but if they exceed Twelve in Number they may elect Two Delegates; and if they amount to Eighteen they may elect Three Delegates; and for every Six Contributors above that Number, of which the Presbytery may coniift, they may elect One Delegate more; but declaring also that in all Cases the whole Members of the Institution shall be bound by the Acts and Resolutions of the Trustees, whether they are or are not fully represented, u Quorum and Meetings of Trustees, §18. — Election of Cashier and 6C Clerk by Trustees, §19.

XX. And be it enacted, That, in order the more effectually to pro- Collectors f© mote the Object of this Institution, the Contributors resident within be chefen by each Presbytery in Scotland shall, within due Time, elect and chuse, Presbyters. by a Majority of Votes, a Collector for the said Presbytery, and which Collector {shall be bound to collect and recover the whole annual Contributions, or other Sums payable to the Fund, by each and all of the Contributors within the Presbytery for which he is appointed; and he shall be bound to give fiifhcient Security for his Intro millions with the Funds to the Satisfaction of the Contributors within the Presbytery; and which Contributions, or other Sumsr to be levied and collected, shall be remitted by him, from Time to Time, to the general Cashier at Edinburgh, as soon as he has Ten Pounds in his Hands, belonging to the said Fund; declaring always, that in case any One of the said Collectors shall fail in the pundual Remittance of the -Sums so to be collected by him, then and in that Case all the Contributors resident within the Presbytery of that Collector shall be jointly responsible for the lame, or for such Part thereof as the said Collector may not have remitted as aforesaid, together with the legal Interest thereof, and the Expence which may be incurred in making the same effectual; and the said Presbytery Collector shall be bound to keep regular Books in such Form, and for such Purposes, as the Trustees may from Time to Time direct; and he shall also annually between the First Day of August and the First Day of September transmit to the general Cashier, free of Expence, a List of all the Contributors resident within the Presbytery for which he acts, , as also of all the Widows and Children in the Presbytery having Claims upon the Fund, and which Lift shall be atteiled by himself and Two other Contributors belonging to the same Presbytery. c< Cashier shall keep regular Books, §21.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every Person who may hereafter Members become a Member of this Society while unmarried, shall give Intima- marJ7M'£ tion of his Marriage to the Collector of the Presbytery within which notl^nc amC° he resides. Hating the Name and Age of his Wife, and whether {he is or is not a Widow of a former Contributor, and that within One Month after such Marriage shall have taken place.

Trustees empowered to make Bye-laws and Regulations, §23. —

Expences of the Ad, §24* — Public Act, §25.

Cap. lxxxvii

An Act to explain an Act, of the Forty-seventh Year of His present 47 SefT, 1, Majesty, for enabling the Albion Fire and Life Insurance Company c* xxxii io sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.

[8th August 1807.]

P p 4'Cap.

584

A.D. 1807.

4' G- 3. c. .\xx.

47 G. 3.

c. xxxiii*

5 G. 3-10 G. 3

4G. 3.

25 G. 3.

0- 3-5 O. 3*

4 G. 3.7 G. 3

5 G. 2.

a6 G. 3.

C. lxxxvii — xciii, 47° GEO. III. SefiVai

Cap. lxxxvii.

Se{T. 1. An Act to explain an Act, of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Globe insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities.

[8th August 1807.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

ScfT. 1. An Act to explain an Act, of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Pelican Life insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.

[8th August 1807.]

[(C/* By the Three foregoing Acts, each of the-A<fts47 G. 3. Self. 1. c. xxx. xxxi. and xxxiii. are respectively extended to the Society or Partnership in each respective Act mentioned; " whether such Society or Partnership be composed of all or some of the Persons who at the Time of passing the said Acts were Members of the said Society or Partnership, or be composed of all, or of some of those Persons, together with some other Persons, or be composed of Persons all of whom shall have become Members of the said Society or Partnership since the passing of the said Acts.'*]

Cap. lxxxix.

c. 76. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-. c. 150. sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Llatidilo to Lampeter, and other Places in the County of Carmarthen. (b) [8th August 1807.]

Cap. xc.

c An Afor continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

c. hi. Powers, of Tw6 Acts, of the Fourth and Twenth-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Whithy to Middleton, in the County of York. ($) [8th August 1807.]

Cap. xci.

c* An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the c. 11Z. Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Da* wentry and Cottefbach, to Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester. (c).

[8th August 1807.]

Cap. xcii.

c. 93. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the c. 73. Powers, of Two Acts, of the Sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of Plis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from High B alien, in Wednesbury, to the further End of DarlajionLane, and other Places therein named, in the County of Stafford, (c).

[8th August 1807.]

Cap. xciii.

c. 72. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the c. 140. Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Birjlall to Nun-brook, and from Bradley Lane to Huddersfield, in the County of J'VL (^).

[8th August 1807.]

Cap.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEO. III. Sess. 2. C. xciv — cic

Cap. xciv.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 2 G. 3. Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Cranbrooke to Appledorc Heath, and other Roads in the County of

Kent. (b), - [8th August 1807.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of so 5 much of Three Acts, of the Fifth, Ninth, and Twenty-sixth Years z$ q' C of His present Majesty, as relate to the Repair of the Road from Wat's Cross to Cowden, and the Roads from Sevenoaks Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner/ and Penjlourjl Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent. (b).

[8th August 1807.]

Cap. xevi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 26 3*

Powers, of an Act, of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing so much of the Road from the Town of New-caJlle-upon-Tyne to the City of Carlisle, as lies within the County of Northumberland, (cj.

[8th August 1807.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 5 3-

Powers, of Two Acts, of the Filth and Twenty-sixth Years of His 5* present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon* (r).

[8th August J 807.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Estates late of the Right Honourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, deceased, in the Counties of Wilts and S'omerjet, which have not been sold by virtue of certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated respectively the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days of July One thousand seven hundred and seventy-ftve. (q. P.) [8th August 1807.]

Cap xci x.

An Act for enabling Rear Admiral Bentinck, Tenant for Life under the Will of his late Father John Albert Bentinck Esquire, deceased, to charge his Estates in the County of Norfolk with the Sums therein mentioned, for the embanking, improving, and increasing the same Estates by the Means therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[8th August 1807.]

Cap. c.

An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Real Estates, late of Henry Champneys Esquire, deceased, devised by his Will, o

