THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

56 GEORGE III. 1816.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers;

And sold by J. Butterworth and Son, Law Booksellers, in Fleet-Street.

1816.

[Price 1l. 4s. 6d. in Boards.]

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the FOURTH Session of the FIFTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

56 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain. Page 1

2. An Act to retire and further continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo. 2

3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 3

4. An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 24

5. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty more effectually to grant conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence of Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprisonment under such Sentence. Ibid.

6. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Spiritual Perrsons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Resif=dence of such Persons on their Benefices, in England. 26

7. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and amend an Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 27

8. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope. Page 28

9.An Act for charging certain Duties on Foreign Packets or Passage Vessels entering, or departing any of the Ports of Great Britain. 29

10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 31

11. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 33

12. An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for naturalizing His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meissen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld. 39

13. An Act for the Naturalization of His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meissen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld; and settling his Precedence. 40

14. An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Six Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 41

15. An Act to carry into effect a Convention of Commerce, concluded between His Majesty and The United States of America. 43

16. An Act for better regulating the Offices of Receivers of Crown Rents. 44

17. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain. 57

18. An Act to suspend, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Duty on Lead exported from Great Britain. 58

19. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar exported. Ibid.

20. An Act to make further Provision for the Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland. 59

21. An Act to revive and continue, until Two Years after the Expiration of the Restrictions upon Payments in Cash by the Bank of England, an Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, in England. 62

22. An Act for the more effectually detaining in Custody Napoleon Buonaparte. Ibid.

23. An Act for regulating the Intercourse with the Island of Saint Helena, during the time Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained there; and for indemnifying Persons in the cases therein mentioned. 65

24. An Act for better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augusta, and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meissen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld. Page 69

25. An Act for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Butter. 71

26. An Act for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Cheese. 72

27. An Act to amend several Laws relative to the Transportation of Offenders; to continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one. 74.

28. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 82

29. An Act to make perpetual certain Temporary or War Duties of Customs, on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and to repeal so much of several Acts passed in the Forty seventh. Forty ninth and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as charge any Loans made for the Service of the Years One thousand eight hundred and seven, One thousand eight hundred and nine, ana One thousand eight hundred and eleven. Upon the War Duties of Customs or Excise, and to charge such Loans on the Duties of Customs made perpetual. 83

30. An Act for indemnifying the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and all Persons who may have acted under their Authority, in relation to certain Orders issued and Things done relative to certain Acts regarding the Distilleries in Scotland. 84

31. An Act for transferring all Contracts and Securities entered into with or given to the Commissioners for Transports to the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling. 86

32. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 88

33. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. 90

34. An Act to charge an additional Duty on Corks, ready made, imported into Great Britain. 91

35. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Collection of the Tonnage Duty upon Ships Inwards; for empowering the Lords of the Treasury to regulate the Hours of Officers' Attendance in the Port of London; and for permitting Ships to commence and complete their loading of Coals before the Delivery of the Fitters' Certificates. Ibid.

36. An Act to repeal Two Acts passed in the Reign of King Edward the Fourth and King Richard the Third, which prohibit the Importation of Wrought Goods and certain other Articles. Page 93

37. An Act to permit the Importation of Prunes the Produce of Germany. 94

36. An Act to empower His Majesty to suspend the Ballot or Enrolment for the Local Militia. Ibid.

39. An Act to reduce the Number of Days of Muster or Exercise of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry. Ibid.

40. An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions contained in the several Acts of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England. 95

41. An Act for raising the Sum of Two Millions four hundred and seventy thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 96

42. An Act for raising the Sum of One million seven hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 98

43. An Act for making certain Allowances of the Duties payable on Malt and Beer. 100

44. An Act to repeal the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise, on Hard Soap made in Great Britain and imported from Ireland; and to grant other Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks in lieu thereof. 112

45. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Local Militia in Great Britain, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. 114

46. An Act for the better Regulation of the Civil List. 119

47. An Act for raising the Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 126

48. An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland. Ibid.

49. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy assessing, collecting and levying of County Rates. Ibid.

50. An Act to regulate the Sale of Farming Stock taken in Execution. 130

51. An Act to amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to carry into Effect a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America. 133

52. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 134

53. An Act to amend and render more effectual Three several Acts passed in the Forty eighth. Forty ninth, and Fifty second Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities. Page 135

54. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Exchequer Balls, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 137

55. An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting the Sum of Five hundred thousand rounds for promoting Inland Navigation, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to enlarge the Powers vested in the Directors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland. Ibid.

56. An Act to repeal the several Stamp Duties in Ireland, and also several Acts for the Collection and Management of the said Duties, and to grant new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties. 148

57. An Act to grant certain Rates, Duties and Tates in Ireland, in respect of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to provide for the more effectual Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes. 279

58. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Manufacture and Use of a Liquor prepared from Sugar for colouring Porter. 325

59. An Act to reduce the Duty of Excise on Malt made in Ireland, and certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof. 328

60. An Act to authorize the transferring Stock upon which Dividends shall remain unclaimed for the Space of at least Ten Years at the Bank of England, and also all Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Balances of Sums issued for paying the Principals of Stocks or Annuities, which shall not have been demanded for the same Period, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt. 335

61. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. 338

62. An Act for erecting an Harbour for Ships to the Eastward of Dunleary, within the Port of Dublin. Ibid.

63. An Act to regulate the General Penitentiary for Convicts, at Millbank in the County of Middlesex. 358

64. An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Militia of Great Britain, and to amend other Acts relating thereto. 371

65. An Act to explain and amend the Acts for granting Duties on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, so far as extend to the due Assessment and Collection of the Duties for past Years; for confirming certain Abatements already made of the said Duties, and exempting Collectors' Bonds from the Stamp Duties. 373

66. An Act for reducing the Duties payable on Horses, used for the Purposes therein mentioned, for Two Years; and for repealing the Acts granting Allowances in respect of Children. 377

67. An Act to enable such Officers, Marines and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades. 382

68. An Act to provide for a New Silver Coinage, and to regulate the Currency of the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm. Page 384

69. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One

thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth. Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 391

70. An Act to alter and amend several Acts relating to the Redemption of the National Debt of Ireland, and to make further Provision in respect thereof. 392

71. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown and Composition Rents in Ireland. 395

72. An Act to continue and amend so much of an Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign for authorizing the billetting and subjecting to Military Discipline certain Yeomanry Corps and Officers of Cavalry or Infantry, as relates to such Corps in Ireland. 396

73. An Act for removing Difficulties in the Conviction of Offenders dealing Property from Mines. 398

74. An Act for the Purchase of certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments at Sheerness and Chatham, in the County of Kent, for the Use of the Navy. Ibid.

75. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed and Cole Seed, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. 404.

76. An Act for repealing the several Bounties on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, from any Part of the United Kingdom, and for allowing other bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. 405

77. An Act to repeal certain Duties granted by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repealing the Provisions of former Acts granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company. 407

78. An Act for the better regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein.408

79. An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Rape Seed Cakes, Linseed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fins, imported into Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 440

80. An Act to enable the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy resident on Foreign Stations to grant Certificates of Stores or Goods, which may be sold by such Officers or Commissioners at such Foreign Stations. 442

81. An Act to alter the Period during which Manufacturers of Oil of Vitriol are to deliver in their Accounts. 443

82. An Act to render valid the judicial Acts of Surrogates of Vice Admiralty Courts abroad, during Vacancies in Offices of Judges of such Courts. Ibid.

83. An Act for regulating the carrying of Passengers to and from the Island of Newfoundland and Coast of Labrador. 444

84. An Act for the better Accommodation of His Majesty's Packets within the Harbour of Holyhead, in the island of Anglesea; and for the better Regulation of the Shipping therein. Page 447

85. An Act to make further Regulations for securing the Collection of the Duties of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for the Importation into Ireland of American Staves, and of old Plate and Books from Great Britain. 448

86. An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain cases, for Two Years from the passing of this Act, and until the End of the Session of Parliament in which the said Two Years shall expire, if Parliament shall be then sitting. 453

87. An Act to regulate Proceedings of Grand Juries in Ireland, upon Bills of Indictment. 463

88. An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, overholding, and defaulting Tenants; and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress. 464

89. An Act to provide for the Charge of certain Additions to the Public Debt of Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 473

90. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. 474

91. An Act to regulate the Trade of the Colonies of Demerara, Berbice and Essequibo; to allow the Importation into, and Exportation from, such Colonies, of certain Articles, by Dutch Proprietors of the European Dominions of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands; and to repeal an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting a Trade between the United Provinces and certain Colonies in His Majesty's Possession. 478

92. An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the United States of America. 482

93. An Act for enabling the Officers of the Customs at Creeks, Harbours and Basins of Great Britain, to take Entries of Ships and Goods arriving from and bound to Ireland. 483

94. An Act to allow Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to take crushed Rock Salt, Duty free, for making such Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, for bleaching Linen and Cotton. 484

95. An Act to authorize such Person as His Majesty shall appoint

to transfer a certain Sum in Three Pounds per Cent. Reduced Annuities, now standing in the Name of the dissolved College of Hertford, in the University of Oxford; and also to receive Dividends due upon such Annuities. 486

96. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 487

97. An Act to authorize the advancing, for the Public Service, a Proportion of the Balance that shall remain from time to time in the Bank of England for the Payment of Dividends on account of the Public Debt, for Lottery Prizes or Benefits not claimed, and Principals of Stocks and Annuities remaining unclaimed. Page 490.

98. An Act to unite and consolidate into One Fund all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland; and to provide for the Application thereof to the General Service of the United Kingdom.492

99. An Act to vest the Elgin Collection of ancient Marbles and Sculpture in the Trustees of the British Museum for the Use of the Public. 503

100. An Act for more effectually securing the Liberty of the Subject. 505

101. An Act for enabling the Officers in His Majesty's Navy, and their Representatives, to draw for and receive their Half Pay; and for transferring the Duty of making certain Payments from the Clerks of the Cheque at His Majesty's Dock Yards to the Clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy at the same Yards. 508

102. An Act to amend the Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England; and to give further Powers to the Court appointed by the said Act. 513

103. An Act for further securing the Duties on Paper and Pasteboard; and for repealing the Countervailing Duty upon Pasteboard imported from Ireland, and the Drawback upon Pasteboard exported; and granting other Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof. 514

104. An Act for the making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and rewarding Officers and Persons making Seizures and capturing Smuggling Vessels; for licensing Luggers employed in the North Sea Fishery; and obliging Exporters of Exciseable Goods on Drawback to give Notice of Shipment. 526

105. An Act to amend and continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally; and to grant and allow new countervailing Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits imported and exported between England and Scotland and Ireland respectively. 539

106. An Act to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Wash and Spirits and Distillers' Licences; to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn for Home Consumption in Scotland, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. 543

107. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament relating to Stamp Duties in Great Britain, so far as relates to Inventories to be exhibited and recorded in any Commissary Court in Scotland. 554

108. An Act to repeal certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties of Excise on Beer and Malt; to alter the Drawbacks on Plate Glass, and to prevent Frauds therein. 556

109. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain. 560

110. An Act for the further Regulation of the Trades of Tanners and Carriers. Page 561

111. An Act to repeal Part of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland, to reduce the Drawback on such Spirits exported to Foreign Parts, and to make further Regulations for the Collection of the said Duties and the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous and other Liquors in Ireland. 564

112. An Act to make certain Provisions for modifying the several Acts for imposing and levying of Fines, in respect of unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland. 576

113. An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, Cyder, Percy or Spirits in Great Britain, and for imposing other Duties in lieu thereof. 58 7

114. An Act to regulate the Conveyance of Passengers from the United Kingdom to the United States of America, in British Vessels. 589

115. An Act for ratifying the Purchase of the Claremont Estate, and for settling the same as a Residence for Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augusta and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld. 590

116. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Abolition of Gaol and other Fees connected with the Gaols in England. 599

117. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences. 600

118. An Act for admitting Oil and Blubber from the British Colonies in North America, upon Payment of the like Duty as Oil and Blubber from Newfoundland. 601

119. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for punishing Mutiny and Desertion in relation to the Transportation of Offenders. Ibid.

120. An Act to procure Annual Returns of Persons committed, tried and convicted for Criminal Offences and Misdemeanors in Ireland. 602

121. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 606

122. An Act to make Provision for securing, for a Time to be limited, the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland. 608

123. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Fifty Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices in England. 613

124. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, Two Acts of the Fiftieth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster. ibid.

125. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons riotously destroying or damaging Buildings, Engines and Machinery, used in and about Collieries and other Mines, Waggon Ways, Bridges and other Works, used in conveying and shipping Coals and other Minerals; and for enabling the Owners of such Property to recover Damages for the Injury sustained. Page 614

126. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. 616

127. An Act to reduce the Duty on the Exportation from Great Britain of Small Coals of a certain Description. 617

128. An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park to Charing Cross; and for paving the Streets to be made in Mary le bone Park; and to enable His Majesty to grant small Portions of Land as Scites for Public Buildings, or to be used as Cemeteries within the Bills of Mortality. 620

129. An Act to repeal certain Provisions in Local Acts for the Maintenance and Management of the Poor. 660

130. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled 'An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons; and to Houses of Correction;' and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. 661

131. An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding. 663

132. An Act for enlarging the time for making the Award respecting His Majesty's Allotments under an Act of the Fifty, third Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Windsor Forest; and for extending the Provisions of the said Act. Ibid.

133. An Act for making Provision to defray the Annual Charge of any Loan of this Session of Parliament. 669

134. An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coals consumed in Lead Mines in Cornwall. 670

133. An Act for authorizing the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to order the Payment of a certain Sum of Money to be applied in completing the Crinan Canal. 671

136. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, escheated and devolved to His Majesty by the Dissolution of Hertford College, in the University of Oxford, and the Site of the said College and Buildings thereon, to the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University, in Trust for the Principal and other Members of Magdalen Hall, for the Purpose of their removing to such Site; and to enable the said Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University, and the President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, to do all necessary Acts for such Removal. 674

137. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled An Act for the better Relief of the Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts. Page 684

138. An Act to abolish the Punishment of the Pillory, except in certain cases. 685

139. An Act to regulate the binding of Parish Apprentices. 686

140. An Act for establishing the Use of an Hydrometer, called Siler's Hydrometer, in ascertaining the Strength of Spirits, instead of Clarke's Hydrometer. 691

141. An Act for enabling Ecclesiastical Corporate Bodies, under certain Circumstances, to alienate Lands for enlarging Cemeteries or Churchyards. 696

142. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 697

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester. Page 712

ii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

iii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from Carter's Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to the Forty Feet Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

iv. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal and certain Persons, for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parish of Paddington, and the Parishes and Streets adjacent, in the County of Middlesex. 713

v. An Act for the better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates, in the Parish of Mitcham, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

vi. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Dewsbury to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

vii. An Act for taking down the Parish Church of Clifton, in the County of Gloucester, and for building a new Church, and providing an additional Cemetery for the Use of the said Parish. Ibid.

viii. An Act to provide for the repairing and maintaining of a certain Part of several Roads or Ways, leading from Woodford to Ilford, in the County of Essex, and for shutting up certain other Parts of the said several Roads or Ways. Page 713

ix. An Act for enlarging, improving and repairing the Parish Church of Woodford, in the County of Essex, and for enlarging the Church Yard or Burial Ground of the said Parish. Ibid.

x. An Act for lighting with Gas the City and County of the City of Exeter. Ibid.

xi. An Act to amend Two Acts of His present Majesty for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames, from the City of London to the opposite Bank in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

xii. An Act for altering, amending and extending the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 723

xiii. An Act to enable Temple West Esquire, sole Proprietor of The Royal Circus or Surrey Theatre, situate in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Surrey, to continue the same open, for public Amusement, for a limited time. Ibid.

xiv. An Act fcr enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Preston Candover to Basingstoke, and from thence to Alton, in the County of Southampton. 725

xv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Nantwich, to Wheelock Wharf in the Township of Sandbach, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

---

xvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the High Street in the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Boundary Stone between the Parish of WorJUld, and the Liberties of the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of SeUf. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chefer, to the End of Guide Lane, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned in the said Counties, and in the County of York; and for making a new Road from the said Road in Bredbury, to the Bridge over the River Mersey at Port wood, near the Town of Stockport. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Twenty Mile Stone, on Egham Hilly in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Bafngstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Pariftt of Windlesham, in the same County. Ibid.

xut. An Act for erecting a new Gaol and Court House in the Burgh of Ayr, in the Shire of Ayr. Ibid.

xx. An Act for the Incorporation of The Highland Society of Lonr don; , for the better Management of the Funds of the Society; and for rendering its Exertions more extensive and beneficial to the Public* Ibid.

kxi. An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the fa vend Parishes in the County of Middlesex* lying between the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, and the Mouth of the River Colne, near Staines; and also between Limehotsfis Hoh and the Mouth of the River Lee, near Blackball;

and

A.D. 1BI6. 56° GEO. III. C.3.

It

and ninety eight, and all and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries,

SuMbtotes and other inferior Ministers whatsoever, (such Military Officers who are or shall be in Muster by the Muller Mailer General of His Majesty's Army, or in Pay in His Majesty's Army or Navy inrefpe& of such Offices only excepted, ) shall yield and pay unto His Majesty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which such Office or Employment was assessed in the Year commencing from the Twenty sinh Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, by virtue of the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year Q of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting*$

an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and that all and every Person and Persons, Guilds and Fraternities, Bodies Politic and Corporate, having an Annuity, Pension,

Stipend or oilier yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in England, or out of any Branch of His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain, or payable or secured to be paid by any Person or Persons whatsoever in Great Britain, (not being or issuing out of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or charged upon the same, or included in any Assessment made upon Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments mentioned in the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by 380.3 a Land Tax to he raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear 'c* .* One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and not being Annuities or yearly Payments which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made are or shall be especially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids, ) shall yield and pay unto His Majesty the Sum of Four Shillings for every Twenty Shillings by the Year for every such Annuity, Pension, Stipend or yearly Payment resped-iyeJy, and after that Rate for one whole Year; the said several Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted to be afleffect, imposed, levied and collected, in such manner as hereinafter is mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That for the better affefsing, Commissionen ordering, levying and collecting of the several Sums of Money io of Land Tax as last aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and paid in the appointed, aforesaid Part of Great Britain, called England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, in respect of Personal ERates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, and for the more effectual putting this Act in Execution, in reference to the same, all and every the Person and Persons who, in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled SA G^An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution -4

an Act of this Sejfton of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England, and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His .Majesty by a Land Tax to he raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; or in and by one other Act made in the Fifty, fifth Year of the 55 G.3. c. ij» Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for reBifying Mif -takes in the Names of the Land Tdx Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commi/fiouers, and indemnifying such Persons as have a3ed without due Authority in the Execution of the A3s, therein recited j

were

XVI

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

sevenl Acts for imposing and continuing a Duty of Two Pennies Scott, or the Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Ssots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold within the Town of Borrowjlowneft and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of Borrowjlownest; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Page 766

xxxvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Ada for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or sold within the Town of Mont rose, and Privileges thereof; for supply-ing the said Town with Fresh Water; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

xxrviii. An Act for amending several Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned; and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating therewith. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for building a new Parish Church and a Parochial Chapel in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middle-. sex, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xL An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in the Parish of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid. xli. An Act to enable the Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh to carry into efted certain Purposes in regard to the Erection of a Chapel at the West End of Princess Street, and for effecting certain Improvements in the Neighbourhood thereof, and in other Parts of the extended Royalty of the said City. Ibid.

xlii. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of the Fifty third and Fifty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol and other Buildings for the County and City of Edinburgh 4 and to alter and amend Two Acts of the Forty third and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty, in regard to the Statute Labour of the Middle District of the said

County. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the.Town of Ketghly, in the West Riding of the County of York. 767 xliv. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts paired for improving the Post, Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; and for better supplying the said Town with Water. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for altering, amending and explaining Two Acts of His

£refent Majesty's Reign, for widening and improving the Street lading from Tower Httl to the Street called Upper East Smithfield, in the County of.Middlesex. Ibid.

xlri. An Act for the better repairing the several Roads leading into and from the City of Worceier. Ibid.

xlviL An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Aldermafion to Bqfingstoke, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Berkt and Southampton* Ibid.

xlviii. An

(Local 4r Personal) 56° GEO. III.

x\m An Act for amending the Road from Dudley Hill through Bedvitbjkaw to Killing ball* and from Beckwithjhaw to the South wrff Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, and for making and main* riming a Branch therefrom to Bradford, all in the Weil Riding of the County of York. Page 767

xiix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A6tsof Hia pretest Majesty, for repairing the Road from Darlastone Bridge to the most Northern Part of Talk-on*the-Hill in Butt Lane* in the County of Stafford* and also the Road branching out of the said first. mentioned Road to Shelton Wharf in the said County. Ibid.

1. As Act for altering and amending an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Road leading from the Limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanarkf into the Burgh of Lanark* with a Branch towards Ravenftrvther, in the County of Lanark. Ibid.

E An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Birmingham through Wedmesbury, to High Sullen* and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick* Worcester and Stafford. 768

ki. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Bigglef ooadt to Alconbury Hill* and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon. Ibid.

hii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Ada passed for repairing the Roads from Shrew-finry through Ellesmere in the County of Salop, and Overton in the County of Flint, to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as relates to the EUtfmere District of the said Roads. Ibid.

hx. An Act to amend an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint James* within the Liberty of Westminster, and another Act of the First Year of King James the Second, for erecting the did Parish. Ibid.

U. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty iecondand Twenty third Years of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, for making the Manor of Paris Garden a Parish, and to enable the Parifttioners of Saint Saviour*s Southwark to raise a Maintenance for Ministers, and for Repairs of their Church; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

lfi. An Act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, m Southwark, in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

lrii. An Act to explain and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for paring, cleaning, lighting and otherways improving the Town of Belfafi* in the County of Antrim* and for better effecting those Purposes. Ibid.

bin. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for incloltng Lands in the Townships of Crowle, Eastoft and Ealand, in the Parish of Crowle, in the County of Lincoln, and extending into the West Riding of the County o/'York; and lor draining or warping the said Lands in the Parishes of Ludding-toa, Belton and Adlingflect* and for making Drains in the Parish of Atinepe; all in the feud Counties of Lincoln and Fork, 769

lix. An Act for building a new Gaol in the City of Bristol* and for other Purposes. Ibid.

56Geo. III. a lx. An

a

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

lx. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Ada patted for rebuilding and repairing the Piers of Bridlington otherwise Burlington % in the East Riding of the County of York; and for granting further Powers for tnofe Purposes. Page 769

lxi. An Act for amending and enlarging the .Provisiont of an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Rochdale and the Neighbourhood with Water. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for Building a Bridge across the River IrweN, from the Township of Salford, in the Parish of Manchefttr, to Strange* ways, in the Township of Cheetbam, all in the County of Lan* caster; and for making proper Avenues thereto. Ibid.

Ixiii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thamet, from the Precind of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlefe*, to the opposite Shore) and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith in the County of Surrey; and also for making a new Road in lieu of Part of the Road or Street called Narrow Wall, in the had County of Surrey; and for making an Archway over Part of such new Road; and for denominating the said Bridge The Waterloo Bridge. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for improving the Port and Harbour of Waterford, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 782

xv. An Act for e ft abli filing a New Church, called the Church of Saint Mark, situate in the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancqfter. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for the better Relief and more effectually employing the Poor of the Township of Shardlow and Wilne, in the County of Derby, and the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned in the said County| and in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham. Ibid. lxvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and rowers of certain Acts for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Broomfgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley. 783

Ixviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the County of York, and from Duffield to IVorkfworth, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

Ixx. An Act for making and maintaining Highways, Roads, Bridges and Quays, and for regulating Ferries in the Shire of Argyll/ and for altering and repairing certain Military and other Roads, Bridges and Quays in the said Shire, and in the Parish of Arrochar, and Shire of Dumbarton Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for altering and improving Part of the Turnpike Road, leading from the City of Dublin, to the New Packet Harbour of Howth, for the Conveyance of His Majesty's Mails; and for amending the several Laws relating to the said Road. Ibid.

hum. An

(Local Jjr Personal) 66° GEO. III.

\ni An Act for continuing and amending Four Acts passed in the fcps of their late Majestiet King George the First and King George the Second, and of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roadi from Lmiom to WekQvtsooJ Gate, in the County of Bedford, and from Lasts to Saimt Alton*, in the County of Hertford. Page 783 lxxui. An Act for eftabbfhrag and regulating a Fund for the Widows, Children and Relatives of Officers or Persons belonging to the Department of Customs in England. 784

ixxnr. An Act for amending an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Districts, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

790

kx*. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Borrowfiowuefs by the West of Linlithgow, and by Torbhuhen, Bathgate and Whitebum, to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Holboufeburn; and for making and main-tabling a certain Road from Borrowfownefr to the River Avon.

Ibid.

Ixxri. An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts, in the City and County of the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein meodooed, in the Counties of Gloucester and Somerset. Ibid.

IxzviL An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Town and Parishes of Grayefend and Milton, in the County of Kent, and for the better Afleflinent and Collection of the Poor Rates and other Rates within the Parish of Gravesend. Ibid. Lxvin. An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Ddovery of Coah within the several Parishes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent. Ibid.

iixix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Horseley Upright Gate, lead-r ing down Bowden Hill, is the County of Wilts, to the Top of Kingsdown Hill, in the Parish of Box, in the said County, and sevend other Roads near or adjoining thereto. 816

ftxi- An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Speenhamland District of the said Roads. Ibid.

btxxi. An Act for the more effectual Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shore ham, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

Ixxxfi. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Paving, Lighting, Watching and otherwise improving the several Streets and other Public Places upon certain Lands near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of.Middlesex. 817

ftxxiii. An Act for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow lo the City of Carlisle. Ibid.

lnxi?. An Act for crefting Buildings for the Accommodation of the Court of Chancery. Ibid.

ftxxv. An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Fifty

freond Year of His present Majesty, for making a- Canal from

a 2 the

TM

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

the Grand Junction Canal in the Parish of Paddington to the River Thames, in the Parish of Limehouse. Page Si 1

lxxxvi. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts pa{Ted in the Parliament of Ireland, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Cur-ragha. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for granting certain Powers to the Gas Light and Coke Company. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

Printed by the kino's printer,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED GOPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN

EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Alwinton, in the

jljL County of Northumberland'. Page 829

2. An Act for inclosing the Common or Waite Ground, called

Halton Moss or Moore Moss, within the Manor and Township of Moore, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

3. An Act for ratifying and confirming certain Exchanges made

under an Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blidworth, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thorp Arch and

Walton, in the County of the City of York. Ibid.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newburn, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Heaton, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of York. Ibid.

8. An Act for vetting several MelTuages, Lands and Hereditaments

belonging to the Free Grammar School of King Edward §the Sixth, in the Town or Borough of Grantham, in Trustees to be sold 5 and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled upon the Trulls on which such MelTuages, Lands and Hereditaments are held. 830

9.An Act for confirming and eficdtuating a Partition of a Melhi-

age* Farm and Lands, called Westbourn, otherwise Westbury Farm, in the Parishes of Paddington, Kenfmgton and Chelsea, or some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, in which the Very Reverend William Beaumont Bujby Dodtorin Divinity, and William Hervey Esquire, have undivided Moieties. Ibid.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Ecchinswell, and

especially within the Tything of East Woodhay, otherwise Wydhey, in the County of Southampton Page 830

11. An Act to commute for a Com Rent the Tithes and Dues pay-

able to the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Michael upon Wyrc % in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

12. An

(Private, printed, ) 56° GEO, III.

12. An Act for effecting an Exchange of an Estate devised by the Will of the Reverend Henry Zouch for an Estate belonging to J$bn Lo*wtber Esquire, in Fee Simple. Page 830

Jj. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Chrif-topher late Lord Bishop of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

14. An Act for vesting Parts of the settled. Estates of Samuel Alder-fey Esquire, in the County of Chester9 in a Trustee, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Borwiek and Parish of IVarton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Alton9 in the

Parish of Rock, in the County of Worcester. Ibid.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wellington, in the

County of Somerset. 821

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of AJkrigg, in the

Parish of Aifgarth and County of York. Ibid.

19. An Act for inclosing Land in the Hamlet of Homesfeld9 in the

Parish of Dronficld9 in the County of Derby. Ibid.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Brie/lwiftle9 in the Parish of Thombill9 in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Church Stretton9

Wijtanjlonv and Edgton9 in the County of Salop. Ibid.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor ana Parish of Londefbo-rough t in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of WhiJlon9 in the

County of York. Ibid.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Stainland9 in the

Parish ol Halifax9in the County of York. Ibid.

25. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Saggart9 in the

County of Dublin. Ibid.

26. An Act for inclosing Wefi Sedgmoor9 in the County of Somerset.

Ibid.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Feckenham9 in the

County of Worcester. 832

28. An Act for felling certain Lands and Heritages in the Shire of

3eritfici9 entailed by Neil late Earl of Rofeberry9 deceased, for Payment of the Balance of the Price of certain other Lands purchased and entailed by him; and for purchasing and entailing other Lands more convenient to die Family Estates. Ibid.

29. An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Nathan Hyde Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trull to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold.

Ibid.

30. An Act for making the Trustees of Prifca Coborn*s Charity a

Body Corporate, and for enabling them to fell Part of the Estates belonging to the said Charity, and to apply the Money arising therefrom in manner therein mentioned, and to errant Building Leases of other Part of the Estates belonging to the said Charity, and to appoint new Trustees of such of the Copyhold Estates belonging to the said Charity as are not to be sold. Ibid.

31. An Act for uniting the Redory of Great Birch9 in the County

xxii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

of Essex, with the adjoining Rectory of Little Birch, in the same County, after the next Avoidance of either Benefice. Page 832

32. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chap-

ter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, and John Knight Esquire, of certain Lands in the County of Worcester. Ibid.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Newafile under

Lyme, Trent bam, Wooljlanton and Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

34. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the

Parish of Dalham, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

35. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manors, Townships or

Divisions of Strickland Kettle and Nether Stavely, in the Parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland. 833

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sonning, in the

Counties of Berks and Oxford. Ibid.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Arujlley, in the

County of Montgomery. Ibid.

38. An Act for vetting certain Lands belonging to the Reverend

Henry Chatfield, in the Rector for the time being of the Parish of Balcombe in the County of Siffexi in Exchange for the Parsonage House of Balcombe, and the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Parish; and for enabling the said Henry Chatfield to build a new Parsonage House upon the first mentioned Lands. Ibid.

39. An Act for establishing and effectuating an Exchange made be-

tween the Reverend Egerton Robert Neve, Rector of Middleton Stoney, in the County of Oxford, and the Mott Noble John Duke of Bedford, and George Bainbridge Esquire, of Glebe and other Lands m Middleton Stoney aforesaid. Ibid.

40. An Act for rendering valid the Sale of certain Estates in the County of Argyll, and a Salmon Fishing in the County of Inter* nefs, of George Marquis of Tiveeddale, made under the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty.

Ibid.

41. An Act for vetting Part of the Settled Estates of the Reverend

Sir} Charles John Anderson Baronet, in the County of York, in Troftees to be sold and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Corsham, in the

County of Wilts. Ibid.

43. An Act for vetting the undivided Parts or Shares of Robert

Boyd the Younger, John Boyd and Uriah Boyd, Infants, of and in certain settled Estates in the Parishes of Charlton and Wool-nvich, in the County of Kent, in Trustees for Sale, and for in vetting the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

44. An Act for vetting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Francis

Boynton Baronet, in Truttees, to be sold, and for applying the Produce in or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances on the said Estates. 834

45. An Act for effecting an Exchange of certain Settled Estates of

John Wharton Esquire, for certain other Estates belonging to him in Fee Simple, situate in the Counties of fork, Westmorland and Durham. Ibid.

46. An Act for vetting in new Trustees the Trust Estates devised by

the Will of Philip Burton Esquire, deceased. Ibid.

H

47*

(Private, not printed, ) 56° GEO. III.

47. An Act for vetting a certain Settled Estate of Ann Sylvefier and offers, in WcRcott, over Weffcott and Nether IVeJlcotty in tht County of Ghucester, in Trustees, to be sold for payine off Incumbrances thereon, and for purchasing other Eiiates to be settled to tie same Uses. Page 834

mu

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

48. K N Act to relieve the Right Honourable George Granville - Lcvefon Gower, commonly called Earl Gower, who waa ekfted to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Stafford, from certaun Penalties and Disabilities, which he has incurred by fitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the Oaths, and in other Respects conformed to the Laws in such case made and provided.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, logs, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Houghton with Cqflle-ford % in the Parish of Cajlleford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

$0. An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Merton, ' called Merton Common, in the County of Surrey*

51. An Act for amending an Act ot His present Majesty, for iuclosing Lands in the Parishea of Cheddar, Priddy and Rodney Stoke, in the County of Somer/et.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Larltng, in tht County of Norfolk.

53. An Act for making an Allotment or Allotments of Land, in lieu of Tithes and Common Rights, within the Parish of Godding -ton, in the County of Oxford'.

54. An Act for inclosing. Lands in the Parish of Cleator, in tht County of Cumberland.

55. An Act to dilfolve the Marriage of Sir George Hilar0 Bear low Baronet, Knight Grand Cross of the jDrder of Bath, with Dame Elina, otherwise Elizabeth, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for inclosing Lauds in the Parishes [of Downion and Brkford, in the County of Wilis,

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Morley, in tht West Riding of the County of York.

58. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Gilligate, in the Parish of Saint Giles, in the County of Durham.

59. An Act for inclosing a certain Common or Tract of Waste Land, called Minith Wood, in the Parish of Linridge, in the County of WoreeJUr.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Newton, in the Parish of Clodock, in the County of Hereford.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the County of Hereford.

6a. An Act for naturalizing David EngelharU 63. An Act for settling and securing the Lands and Estates of WeRer Kisuaird, Drumnacarjf, Craigmtt/k, Portinfock, Balnaguard$ Bal-

navert

XXiv

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

1?

navert and Westcr and Easter Logierait and Kittieebangie, and other Hereditaments in the County of Perth y to and in favour of John Duke of Atholly and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail made by John late Duke of Athol I, under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed, and in lieu thereof for veiling certain Parts of the Estates entailed by the said John late Duke of Atbolly lying in the said County, in the said John Duke of Atholly and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township and Manor of Hawkfwicky in the Parish of Arncliffy in the West Riding of the County of York.

65. An Act for inclofmgLands in the Manor and Parish of Allejlcy, in the County of Warwick.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townships of Buck-den and Starbottony in the Parishes of Arncliffe and Kettlewelly in the County of York.

67. An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Dunduff and Kirkbridcy and other Hereditaments, in the County of Ayrf to and in favour of Thomas Kennedy, of Dunutey in the said County, Esquire, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by a Deed* of Entail and Nomination of Heirs made by Thomas Kennedy, some time of Dunurcy Efqiiire, deceased, under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed, and in lieu thereof, veiling certain Parts of the entailed Estate of Dunurey in the said County, in the said Thomas Kennedy, now of Dunurey and his Heirs and Assignees, in Fee Simple.

68. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty, Lands in the Parish of Everleyt in the County of Wilts.

69. An Act for inclosing Lands 111 the Parish of Crudwelly in the County of Wilts.

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes, Townships or Liberties of Roade and Ashtony in the County of Not thampton, and for extinguishing the Tithes thereof.

71. An Act for inclosing Black Lyne Common, in the Parish of Bewcastle, in the County of Cumberland.

72. An Act for amending and rendering effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harmondf-worthy in the County of Middle fete.

73. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Klein.

74. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of the Advowson of the Church of the Parish of Bagendony in the County of Gloucestery belonging to Jofefh Pitt Esquire, for a Right which the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars of Jesus College, within the City and University of Onfordy of the Foundation of Queen Elizabeth, have in the Nomination of a Curate to the Curacy of the Impropriate Rectory of Cheltenbamf in the said County, also belonging to the said Jo/eph Pitt.

75. An Act to difiolve the Marriage of Sir William Ahdy Baronet, with Dame Anne Ahdy his now Wife, and to enable him to marry

again, and for other rurposes therein mentioned.

76. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Lieutenant General William Dyott with Elinor, otherwise Eleanor, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Qumquagedmo Sexto.

A T the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the

A\ Twenty fourth Day of November, Anno Domini 1812, in f the Fifty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord r GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United

Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the c Faith; And from thence continued, by several Prorogation8, to

the First Day of February 1816, being the Fourth SeiUon of the

Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

CAf. I.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, several Lavs relating to die Duties on Glass made in Great Britain*

[26th February 1816.]

"WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws hereinafter mentioned fhonld be revived and further continued Be it therefore eaafted by The King's' Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act

for repeating the Duties on the Materials nfed in tnaking Spread Wmdouo Glass and Crovon Gless, and for granting other Duties in lint thereof; and for the better ColkBiOn the said Duties; as was by another Act made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign aforesaid continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and by another Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign aforesaid farther continued to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and by another Act made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and by another Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign afbreftud further continued to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be and the lame is hereby revived and farther continued, and shall be, remain and continue m force from the said First Day of Jlugajl One thousand eight hundred and fif-teen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and that all and singular the Duties thereby imposed and made payable shall from the said First Day of August 56Gso.Ul. B One

So much of 49 G. 3. c. 63. as was continued br 51 G.3. c.69. § 46.

J2 G. 3. o 64.

5 I.

53 G. 3. c 109.

$ 1. and 54G.3.C.97. revived and further continued till March 25, 1818.

2

66° GEO. III.

A.D. 18I6.

51 G.3. c.69. revived, and further continued till March 25, 1818.

Act altered, &c.

7 G. a. c. 18. revived, and further continued

till Much 25, 1817.

C.1, 2.

One thoufiuid eight hundred and fifteen, until the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, be payable, and be raised, levied, collected and paid, as directed in and by the said first recited Act To heretofore continued as aforesaid, as if the same had never expired.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duty on the Materials used in making Flint and .Phial Glass, and for granting9 until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majestft Reign, intituled An A 8 for repealing the Dutiet on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass > and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for the better Coir leSion of the said Duties; which was by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign aforesaid continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and by another A A made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen 5 and by another A A made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; shall be and the same is hereby revived and further continued, and shall be, remain and continue in force from the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and that all and singular the Duties thereby imposed and made payable shall from the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, until the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, be payable, and be raised, levied, collected and paid, as directed in and by the said Act as if the same had never expired.

III. And be it further enacted, That this A A may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. II.

An Act to revive and further continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.

[26th February 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the iSecond, intitilled An All for the Revival of an Act made in the Thirteenth 1 Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Kin? George the First9 intituled An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal during the Time 4 therein limitedt and also for the free Importation of Indigo; which was to continue in force from the Twenty fourth Day of JuncOnt 4 thousand fe ven hundred and thirty four, for the Term of Seven

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament; and which by several subsequent AAs was further conti-

nued from the Expiration thereof until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: And Whereas

A.D. 1S16.

56° GEO. III.

*3

C.*, 8.

by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty

ihefiadAd was revived from the said Twenty fifth Day of March

One fiboafand eight hundred and fourteen* and continued in force

mtJ Nine Months after the Condufion of the then present War: 1 And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be again 'mired and further continued; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con* ieu of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons* in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same* That the said Act shall from and after the Expiration thereof be remed, and the same is hereby revived* and shall continue in force untB the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

CAP. HI.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt*

Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pen-Cons, Offices and Personal Estates, in England: for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[4th March 1816.]

Most Gracious Sovereign*

4 THE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects* the*Vf Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the neceiTary 4 Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expences* have freely 1 and voluntarily refolded to give and grant unto Your Majesty* the 4 Rates, Duties and Impositions hereinafter mentionedAnd do mofthasnbly beCeech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it eoa&edbyThe King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in tins present Parliament assembled* and by the Authority of the same. That within and throughout that Part of Great z gk 3. e. j. Britain called England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon further con* Tweed, the Duty for and upon all Malt which* in and by One Ad tinutd. of Partiament paged in the First Year of His Majesty's Reign* intituled An A3far continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry* for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty one, was granted or continued to His Majesty* until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand feren hundred and sixty two, and which by several subsequent Alls has from time to time been granted and continued to His Majesty until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be further continued in like manner, and shall be and n by this Act charged for or upon all Malt which shall be made within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from and after the Twenty third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and krenteen.

U. And be it further enacted, That within and throughout that Duties to be PatoS the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall paid in SeetUud1 berated, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, unto and for the Use for of Hu Majesty, his Heirs and, Successors* for and upon all Malt*

*B 2'the

4

C.S.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

the Duty hereinafter mentioned, (that is to say): For and upon every Bushel of Malt which at any time or times from and after 'the Twenty third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* by any Person or Persons whatsoever ('whether the same shall be or not De for Sale) the Sum of Three pence, and so proportionably for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively.

Hew (he Duties III. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective M»It shall be Duties by this Act granted and continued respectively, until the n* Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven-

teen, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Time and Term aforesaid, by the same Ways, Means and Methods, and by such Rules and Directions, and with such and the like Allowances and Repayments proportionably, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of Mitigation and other Powers, in all respects, not otherwise directed by this Act, as are prescribed, mentioned or expressed in the said former Ad, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred unto, or any of them, for or concerning the Duties by them or any of them granted or continued* or by any Former Acts in other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the raising, force. levying, collecting, securing and managing such Duties; and that the

same Ad formerly made and palied, and the said other Acts hereby referred unto, as for and concerning the said Duties upon Malt, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter and Thing in them or any of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now being in force, and not otherwise altered by this Act, shall be and continue in force and effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, levying, collecting, feeuring and accounting for the Rates, Duties and Impositions hereby granted and continued respectively, and for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures, and making any Mitigations and proportional Allowances, and all other Matters and' Things during the Continuance of this Act, as fully as if the same were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this present Act; Save as to com- lave and except as to so much of the said Acts or either of them, pounding for herein mentioned or referred unto, as gave Power to the Commif-

D1*0*1, fioners of Excise, of to any other Person or Persons therein named,

in England and Scotland respectively, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons for the Duties of such Malt which should grow i

due or payable from him, her or them, by the said Acts or either of 1 them; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwith-fUnding.

For raising a«IV, And Whereas it is the true Intent and Meaning of this certainSurnof < present Act, that the full and entire Sum of Twenty thousand lanTTand in " ' Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Charges and case of Defi-*Expences of Management and Collection, shall be raised out of that*aenev an addi- ' Part of Great Britain called Scotland9 for the Service of the Year

twnai Duly to t One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, by a Malt Tax to be

H tnd« < raised and levied as in England\ by a Duty of Three pence per

4 Buihel on all Malt made and consumed in Scotland; and in cast

the said Duty of Three pence per Buihel upon Matt to b* charged

*4 in

56° GEO. III.

C.B.

25

'Royal Mercy to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by in case* of Naval the Sentence of a Naval Court Martial on Condition of Transport- Court* Martial, arias or Imprisonment, or of being kept to hard Labour for Life, or Wt#

for any Term of Years, it shall and may be lawful, on a Communication of the Intention of His Majesty from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or any Three or move of them, for One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to notify to any Justice of The Ring's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, such Intention of Mercy as aforesaid; whereupon the said Justice or Baron shall allow such Offender the Benefit of Inch conditional Pardon as shall be expreifed in such Notification, in the same manner as if a conditional Pardon to the same Effect had paifrd under the Great Seal for that Purpose; and the said Justice or Baron, and all other Officers or Persons whatsoever, are to make such Order or Orders, and to do and perform all such Act or Acts for the carrying into effect the Punishment mentioned in such conditional Pardon, as may be required by the said Acts of the Thirty seventh and Fifty fifth Years of His said Majesty, or by 37 0.3. c. 140. any other Act or Acts which may be in force at the time when fuen § » — 14. conditional Pardon shall be granted for carrying into Execution any 55G- 2- c. 156* Sentence of Tianijportation or Imprisonment, or to be kept to hard Labour, passed at any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in the United Kingdom; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant, whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Penons, ikall be bound to obey such Order or Orders, and be assistant in the Execution thereof, ana of all such Act or Acts as aforesaid, and be liable to the same Punishment for Neglect, Disobedience or Interruption of the same, as they would be if the said Offender had been convicted by any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, and as if such Order and Orders had been made, and such Act or Acts performed, or required to be performed in pursuance of such Conviction.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Offenders re-His Majesty to cause any Offender who may be in Prison or Confine- moved from one meat after or under any Sentence of a Naval Court Martial, or after ^>lace of Coa- or under any conditional Pardon as aforesaid, to be removed from the 10 an*

Prison or Place of Confinement in which he may at any time be, to such other fit and proper Prison or Place of Confinement being a Public Gaol, Prison, Hulk, Penitentiary House or House of Cor-redion, within the United Kingdom, as to His Majesty may seem expedient $ and any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State is hereby authorized and empowered to issue a Warrant or other Inftrament under his Hand for such Removal, and for carrying into Execution such Part or Parts of such Sentence as may remain unexpired or unsatisfied, or for which His Majesty* Gracious Pardon may not have been granted; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper,

Governor or Superintendant, whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Warrant or Instrument, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Neglect, Disobedience or Interruption of the Hunt, as if the said Person were under Sentence of a Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for such Imprisonment, as in the Uid Warrant may be specified-

III. And

56 GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

6

13 G. x. c. 30.

Act to relate to the lame Day u Act i G. 3. c. 3.

Malt brought from Scotland entered, if not then forfeited.

Entry.

Duty of Sixpence per BulheL

Malt forfeited, or Value thereof.

Allowance to Maltftera for

c.s:

such manner as directed by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for encouraging and promoting Ftfheries and other ManufaSuret and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

VI. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That in all Cases where the hereinbefore recited Act of the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign did relate to any Day or time within the Year which commenced from the Twenty third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty one, this present Act doth and shall relate to the like Day and Time within the Year commenced from the said Twenty third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That all Malt made in Scotland not to be consumed there, which at any time or times between the Twenty third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall be brought into England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, in case the same shall be brought by Sea, be entered with the Officer for the said Duties of the Port where the same shall be so brought into England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, and the Sum of Sixpence per Bushel for the Duties thereof shall be paid to such Officer before landing thereof, unless a Certificate from the proper Officer be produced that it hath paid the said Duty of Three pence per Bushel in Scotland; and if such Certificate be produced, then there shall be paid no more than Three j pence per Bushel, by virtue of this Act, for such Malt so brought into England; and in case the same be brought by Land, such Malt shall pais and be carried by and through the Towns of Berwick or I

Carlisle, and there entered with the Officer for the said Duties, in I

such of the said Towns by or through which such Malt shall be so carried, and the like Duty of Sixpence per Bushel for the same shall

be paid down in ready Money, unless such Certificate be produced as aforesaid; but upon producing thereof, then there shall be paid no more than Three pence per Bushel by virtue of this Act, on pain of forfeiting all such Malt, or the Value thereof, as shall be landed or put on Shore, or be brought into England without such Entry or Payment of the Duties as aforesaid; and in case any Malt made in Scotland shall, during the said Term, be found coming out of Scotland, or be brought from thence by Land by or beyond the Towns before mentioned, without Entry or Payment of the Duties thereof, then all such Malt, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise for His Majesty's Use, One Moiety of the aforesaid Forfeiture to be and go to the King's Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall ihform, seize or sue for the same, or the Value thereof, and to be recovered and levied by such Ways, Means and Methods as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this or any the former Acts relating to the Malt Duties to be recovered and levied, or by Aftiort of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no EfToign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen,

5S° GEO. III.

C.3.

1

teen, there UtaB be allowed to Maltsters and Makers of Malt, for Exportation, for every Twenty Quarters of Barley or other Com or Gnm which shall be made into Malt for Exportation, in Cases where br Law any Bounty is allowed on the Exportation of Malt, an allowance of Thirty Quarters after the same shall be dried and made Eto Mah, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, though by their (keeping, wetting or watering the same, the said Twenty Quarters shall be run out to any greater Quantity exceeding the said Thirty Quarters.

IX- And be it further enacted, That if after the shipping of any Malt made to be exported, the Malt so shipped to be exported, or any Part thereof, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, then and in erery such Case all the Malt which shall be relanded, and Treble the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, (that is to say) One Moiety thereof to The King, and the other Moiety to the Person or Perfoas who shall seize, inform or sue for the same; and such Malt so rdanded shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

X. And Whereas Maltsters and Makers of Malt for Exportation 4 do frequently mix the Produce of Two or more Stecpings of Corn

or Grain that have been entered to be made into Malt for Export-1 ation, on or as soon as it comes off from the Kiln, by reason 4 whereof the Officers for the Duties on Malt cannot ascertain the

real Produce thereof, by which Means great Quantities of each

Steeping of such Malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and made use of for Home Consumption, ' though the same has not been 4 charged with the Duty as all Malt made for Home Consumption ought to be; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, aR and every Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her or their Corn or Grain making into Malt for Exportation, of One Steeping or Wetting, when the same shall be on the Kiln, or after the same shall be taken off the Kiln, separate and apart from all and every Part of any other former Steeping or Wetting of Corn or Grain, until the same shall have been measured by such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of some Officer or Officers for the Duty upon Malt, on Pain of forfeiting and Jofing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of- June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all such Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Exportation shall give Notice in Writing to some Officer or Officers of the Duties upon Malt, or shall leave Notice in Writing at the next Office of Excise where the Journal is kept, of the Hour when he, (he or they shall intend to take any Malt off the Kiln or Kilns, that such Officer or Officers may attend the Measuring of such Malt; and after such Malt has been measured, the same (nail be immediately carried on Shipboard, if intended to be then exported, or dk shall be immediately locked up and secured in some Storehouse or other Place belonging to such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Prefeice of the said Officer or Officers, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand

B 4 «gkt

Oram mads imp Malt.

Malt Slipped for Exportation and reminded forfeited, and treble Value.

Steeping! of Mali for Exportation kept ferrate till measured.

Penalty.

Notice to Officer* for taking Malt off Kilns.

Penalty.

Clandestinely opening JLocka cf Storehouse*.

es

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

How Monies iflTued out of Consolidated fund lepUced.

Exchequer Bills to bear Imereti If Provision not made for Pay* meat before Aprils, 1818.

49O. 3.CI7. further continued.

C. 7, 8.

Audi not be granted before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand

X1: hundred and eighteen, then all the said Exchequer Bills with the ges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are heneby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any time or times at or after such Period shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Consolidated Fund (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as shall then be appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that behalf); and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be iiTued and applied as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, canceling and discharging such Exchequer Bills and Charges until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, at Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in die Exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the said Consolidated Fund shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted by Parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Interest shall be payable or paid upon or in respect of the said Exchequer Bills: Provided always, that in case Provision shall not be made by Parliament for Payment of the said Exchequer Bills, so that the same shall be fully paid and discharged on or before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, then and in such case the said Exchequer Bills, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, bear Interest at and after the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Sniffings per Centum per Annum; and such Interest is hereby made chargeable and charged upon, and shall be borne and paid by and out of the same Fund as the Principal Money payable in respect of the said Exchequer Bills is by this Act charged and chargeable upon; any thing in this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope.

[22d March 1816.]

WHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned is near expiring,

VY and fit to be continuedBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with die Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize His Majesty during the present War to make Regulations respeBing the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope; which was revived and continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty fifth Day

of

56° GEO. III.

C. 8, 9.

of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, by an Act of the 'Fifty fourth Year of Hi* present Majesty, shall be and the same if [54 0.3.

til the Fifth Day of July One thousand 182.]

An Act for charging certain Duties on Foreign Packets or Paftage Vessels entering or departing any of the Ports of Great Britain. [22d March 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a Tonnage Duty should be imposed upon French Packets or Paftage Vessels, on their entering and departing any of the Ports of Great Britain, equivalent to the Duty now payable on British Packets or Paftage 4 Vessels entering and departing the Ports of France; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of die same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, Frtnck Padm, there shall be raised, collected, levied and paid unto His Majesty, his to W^Heirs and Successors, a Tonnage Duty at and after the Rate of

Three Shillings and Six pence of good and lawful Money of Great

Britain for each and every Ton Burthen of every Packet or Paftage

Vessel belonging to the Subjects of His Most Christian Majesty, which shall lade or unlade any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or take in or set on Shore any Passengers in any Port, Creek, Harbour or Road of Great Britain, and that the Tonnage of every such Vessel shall, in case of Doubt or Dispute as to the same, be ascertained

hr the proper Officers of the Customs by Admeasurement, in manner

duelled by an Act passed in the Twenty ffxth Year of the Reign of »6 G. 3.* to.

His present Majesty, intituled tin A8 for the further Encouragement

and Encrease of Shipping and Navigation

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Packets not pty-any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, to Hop and detain ing Duty detaiu-any Packet or Paftage Vessel liable to the Payment of the said Duty, edand foW* until the same is paid as aforesaid; and in case Payment thereof shall

not be made for the Space of Thirty Days after the Arrival of such Vessel at any such Port, Creek, Harbour or Road in this Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them, to cause such Packet or Passage Vessel, and her Mails, Apparel and Furniture, to be sold publicly to the bell Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied, first to the Charges that shall arise by such Detention and Sale, next to the said Duty imposed by this Act, and the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietor of such Packet or Paftage Vessel or other Person duly authorized by such Proprietor to receive the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Tonnage Duty hereby Duty under imposed shall be paid into the Hands of the proper Officers of Hit Comnuffioo^i Mwefty's Customs at the respective Ports or Places where such Duty °* bottom*.

(bill become due and payable; and such Duty shall be under the Mamgexnent of the Commissioners of HU Majesty's Customs in

JSs/W and Scotland respectively.

CAP. IX.

IV. And

20

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1*16.

39G.3. c .5.

38 G. 3. c.6o.

3$ <*.3. c.3.

£3.

Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, it was 4 enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three Acts

of the Twenty seventh, Thirty fourth, and Thirty seventh Years 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made 4 in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4 and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made

in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4 should continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March 4 One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine and no longer, but 4 should from thenceforth cease and determine, unless the same 4 should be fpedally continued by Parliament, which said several 4 Duties were by an Act made and passed in the Thirty ninth Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for cowtinning and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penftonr, Officer and 4 Personal Estates, in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick 4 upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and 4 Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and 4 ninety nine, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of 4 March One thousand eight hundred, and which, by several sub-

sequent Acts, were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day 4 of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven: [And Whereas

by the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of 4 His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making terpetual, fuljeB 4 to Redemption and Purchase in the manner therein Jiated, the several 4 Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax for 4 One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven 4 hundred and ninety eight, it lfras enacted, that the several Duties

imposed on Sugar by Three Acts of the Twenty seventh. Thirty 4 fourth, and Thirty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Duties of Excise 4 on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the Twenty ninth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, should continue in force until 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and 4 ninety nine and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and 4 determine, unless the same should be specially continued by Parliament, which said several Duties were by an Act made and 4 passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties 4 on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, for the Service of the Tear 4 One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, further continued until

the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and which, by several subseauent Acts, were further continued 4 until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred

and eleven: ] (a) And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty 4 ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act ' for, repealing be several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great

Britain, and for granting other Duties in Ben thereof; and by one

other Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign, of His ' present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs

(a) [The Part of this Section in Brackets appears to be a Repetition of the former Part, but it is Jo on the ko!U]

4 payable

huD.1816.

56° GEO. I1L

C.S.

it

axitady eight* and all and every their Clerks* Agents* Secondaries* SMkata and other inferior Ministers whatsoever, (such Military Officers who are or shall be in Muster by the Muster Mailer General of His Majesty* Army* or in Pay in His Majesty* Army or Navy B/vfped of loch Offices only excepted*) shall yield and pay unto His Majesty any Sam not exceeding the Sum at which such Office or Employment was afiessed in the Year commencing from the

Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight* by virtue of the said A d passed in the Thirty eighth Year 3g Q ol the Reign of His prefect Majesty* intituled An Act for granting '

an Aid to Hit Mayfly by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain* for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and that ail and every Person and Persons* Guilds and Fraternities* Bodies Politic and Corporate* having an Annuity, Pension*

Stipend or other yearly Payment* either out of the Receipt of His Majesty* Exchequer in England* or out of any Branch of His Majesty9* Revenue in Great Britain* or payable or secured to be paid by any Person or Persona whatsoever in Great Britain* (not bang or issuing oat of any Lands* Tenements or Hereditaments, or charged upon the same, or included ip any Afleflxnent made upon Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments mentioned in the said Act, pa&d in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Ma/efty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by 380.1 »

a Lend Tax to he raised in Great Britain* for the Service of the Tear 'C One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight* and not being Annuities or yearly Payments which* by any Act or Acts of Parliament made«to be made are or shall be especially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids, ) shall yield and pay .unto His Majesty the Sum of Your Shillings for every Twenty Shillings by the Year for every such Annuity* Pension* Stipend or yearly Payment resped-ireJy, and after that Rate for one whole Year; the said several Kibes and Sums of Money hereby granted to be afiessed* impeded, levied and coUeded, in such manner as hereinafter is mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted* That for the better affefsing, Commissionen ordering, levying and colieding of the several Sums of Money lo of Land Tax as M aforefdd united and appointed to be raised and paid in the appointed. doceCud Part of Great Britain* called England* IValet and Bcr-wick upon Tweed* in respect of Personal Estates* and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit and Annuities* Pensions* Stipends sod other yearly Payments* and for the more effectual putting this Act in Execution* in reference to the same* all and every the Period and Persons who* in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign* intituled^l9o.

An Act for appointing Commissionert for carrying into Execution a Ad if this Session of Parliament* for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England* and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty* for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain* for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; or m and by one other Act made in the Fifty, fifth Year of the 55 G.3* c. ijo* Reign of His present Majesty* intituled An Act for reSifying Mif-idu'in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners* and for appointing ditma! Commissionert* and indemnifying such Persons as have aSed aidoutiue Authority in the Execution of the Acts.therein reciteds

S&GEO.I1I.

A.D. 1S1I

19

S8G.3.C.J.

To be Comfuf-fionen for ibis Ad.

Meetings of Commilfiooert.

Comoniifiontrs Co insped Af-fefimenu made hj virtue of J* O.J. c.5.

Schedule delivered,

as.

vert named and appointed Conupifioneva for putting in E» cution the some Act* within the several Counties, Ridings, Okie Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Division* and Placet of JZmglanc Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, duly qualifying them Selves according to the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Yea of the Reign of His prefect Majesty, intituled An Act for granting am Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be rai/ed in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred sued msnetj eighty in that Behalf, shall be Coxnmissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parishes, Confbblewicks, Divifioat, Allot-iqents and Places, situate within the same Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Division* and Plaoes rufpeSkively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners laR aforesaid shall meet together at the most ufuai and common Places of Meeting within their respectiv* Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, Wards and other Divisions respectively, within J£nglandt Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, within which they are appointed Commissioners, on or before the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and iiaU meet afterwards in like manner as often as R shaft be necefiaxy, for putting £0 much of this Act in Execution as is hereby committed to their Cane and Charge; and the said Commissioners, or*so many of them as foatt be potent at such Meeting or Meetings, or the major Past of them, are hereby authorized and required to in£pe& and examine the Afieffimenta made

K''tue of the raid recited Act, made in the Thirty eighth Year lid, for the Year ending oq the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, sad ascertain the several apd respectjve Sums of Money charmed by virtue of the foid hit mentioned Act, in every Parish, Con&bkwick, Division, AHotment or Place, for or in raped of any Estate in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Personal Estate, and also for or in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, ApauRies, Penfioas or Stipends os afbsefaad, by any Assessment made for die said Year ending on the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and (eparate, divide and set down in Writing the Amount of the fevered and vespective Sums charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares sad Merchandize, Chattels or other Personal Estate, and also the £evend and respective Sums charged in re£pe& of any Offices pr Employments of Profit, Annuities, reafiona or Stipends as aforesaid, from the Monies charged in such Pariflits, Confiablcwicks, Dirifions, Allot-xnenu or Pieces by virtue of the foid last mentioned A ft, upon Lands, TenemenU or Hereditaments; and the foid Commissioners are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered a Schedule or Duplicate in Parchment under their Hands and Seals, fipiy written, containing the whole Sum afieffed on each Parish, Confis-blewick, Division, Allotment or Place, where any Afieffmeat ihatl have been made upon Personal Estates, or in refpcA of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penltous or Stipends, sad also thp Ctyrifivm Names and Surnames of the nespective Assessors and CoHe&oca under the Receiver General of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town and Place respectively, where such Affilfaieats fail have been made, or his Deputy, ana shall Xranfink or cause to be

transmitted

A.D.V816.

U©0 GEO. III.

C.S.

IS

Penalties imported by laid Ad to extend to Ad.

it ike Schedule or Duplicate into The King's Remem- and rranfmkud Irma's Office of the Exchequer, and thk the Connnjlionerft shall so Klln/s RT acts to be done ox or before the Tenth Day of May One thou- "^*neer*U etgk haodred and fixteo, for which Duplicates the Receiver m3 Remembraneer, or their respective Deputies, doll give to the Mm mho brings the same a Receipt m Writing, gratis, under dr Penalty of Ten Potshds, to be recovered to The Ring's Use as Penalty, ether Penalties are by thin Ad recoverable.

XXL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Places in whLH ParHh or Place in whiclt any AffcfTment (hsdl have been or shall be Aireifmentg are made, under and by virtue of the Dud last recited Act, on any Per-dc d, lchar*ed* foe or Persons in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit,

Aanekki, Pensions or Stipends, by any AfleflVnent for the Tear ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred sad ixteen, shall, from and after that time be wholly discharged from so much of the Sums to be levied upon such Parish or Place, according to the Proportions established tinder the said recited Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers,

Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Ckuses, Matters and Things, which in and by the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Mobpy by a Load Tax to he raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand ftyen hundred and ninety eighty are provided and eftabfiffied for ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying and managing the Rates and Afieffinents granted by the End last mentioned Act; and which by the said other Act paflTed*in the same Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, intituled An Act for Mai-perpetual, fahjeB to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner durum fated, the fever A Sums of Money now charged in Great Britan, as a Land Ton for One Year, from the Twentyfifth Day of March Out thousand feveu hundred and ninety eighty are continued and made perpetual, in relation to the Rates and Assessments charged on Lamb, Tenements and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and Purchase thereof ffiaB be practised, used and put in Execution in and for the afceitaming, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying and managing the said last mentioned Rates, AftefTments and Sams of Mooey to be charged, assessed and levied by virtue of this Act, as respect of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit^ and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and othft Yearly Payments, at folly and efteftuatly, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rule?, Penalties and Forfeitures, daufes. Matters and Things were particularly repeated and reenacted in this Act.

XXIII. Whereas by an Act paflTed in the Thirty eighth Year 38 0.3. c.5.

of the Reign of His prefect Majesty, intituled An Act for gram- §

1 mg an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great

4 Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred

and ninety eight, the Town and County of the Town of Ntwcaftk upon Tyne was charged in the Sum of Two thousand five < hawked and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four pence, Past 1 abated hat Been raised and charged on the Duty hereinafter trrrn-

4 tuned; And Whereas by Two Acts, one thereof paflTed in the 39 G. 3. c.

4 Thirty math Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, Inti-'ttod* AM to dtoahh thb Loads Gtmudghndrt of the Treasury to

4 contrast

14

C.S.

56 GEO. III.

A.D. 181S.

Commissioners of Land Tax for Newcastle upon Tyne to certify what Sums have been charged on the Duty on Coals.

Where Deficiencies arise new Afleflineuts shall be made, s

contraS with the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the 4 absolute Purehafe oj the Property of the feud Duket and all othere 4 interefiedt in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldrtn on Coals 4 flipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant 4 a Compensation for the same byway of Annuity, payable outef the Con- folidated Fund; and the other thereof passed in the Thirty ninth and 4 Fortieth Years of the Reign of His laid Majesty, intituled An Act 4 to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of 4 His Majesty's Treasury and the Most Noble Charles Duke of Rich*

mond, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners 4 of the Treasury to contraS with the Most Noble Charles Duke of 4 Richmond for the absolute Purehafe of the Property of the said Dukcf and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve pence 4 per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in 4 England, and to grant a Compensation for the same by way of 4 Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund; and by virtue of the Agreement therein recited, the said Duty, from and after the

Twenty second Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ( ninety nine, was vested in and made payable to His Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, and the same hath ever since been col-

leded with and paid as the other Duties of Customs have been 4 collected and paid; and it is therefore just that the said Town

and County of the said Town, should from the above Period be

exonerated and difoharged from the Amount annually charged on 4 the said Duty as aforesaid s' Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Town and County to certify to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, what Sum and Sums of Money have been charged on the Duty in the said Two last recited Acts mentioned since the Day of the Surrender of the same, by virtue of the said Two last recited Ada, and the Agreement therein mentioned $ and the said Barons, or any Two or more of them, have hereby Power by their Discretions, at any Time before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to discharge or cause to be discharged so much of the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four pence, as shall appear to them to nave been charged on the said Duty, since the said Twenty second Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine; and the said Sums mall or may be discharged upon the Duplicates returned or to be returned for the said Town and County, and shall be allowed upon the Accounts of the Receivers General, and the Inhabitants of the said Town and County shall be acquitted against His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of such Sums so discharged or ordered to be discharged, by the Barons of the said Exchequer, as. well for the Assessments heretofore made as for all Assessments hereafter to be made; any thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proportions set by this Act upon all and every the respective Parishes, Confta-blewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and places in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, in respect of any such Personal Eftste as afore* said, shall not be fully aftested, levied and paid, according to the Srue Meaning thereof, or if any of the fai4 AffcflwnW* in refppd

A.D. 1B16.

56° GEO. III.

C.3.

15

of such Personal Estate, shall be fated or iraposed upon any Person

not being of Ability to pay the same, or that through any Wilful*

nefs, Neglect, Mistake or Accident, the said Assessment charged in

each Parish or Place as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, happens not

to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in

this Act is directed; that then and in all and every such Case or Cnmmiflwner*

Cases, the several and respective Commissioners, Aflcfiors and Col* t*sfTefs and re-

ledors, acting in the Execution of this Act in relation to the said a?ef[tflKhSum#

Duties on Personal E dates, and the said la ft mentioned Duties in of oney'

refjped of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pen fi on a,

Stipends and other yearly Payments, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorized and required to assess and reaftess, or cause to be aflefied and reassessed, levied and paid all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the respective Parishes or Places wherein such Deficients shall happen, as to such Commissioners, or such Number of them as by this Act are authorized to cause the said First AffeiT-znent hereby required to be made, shall seem most agreeable to Equity and Justice; the said new Assessment to be made, collected and paid in such manner and by such means as in this Act or any Ad hereby referred to is declared and directed for other AflefTments.

XXV. And in order to ascertain more particularly the Mode of persons to b« afteffing and rating the several Persons who shall be charged with rated where any Rate or Assessment in respect of any Estates in ready Money, resident.

Debts, or Personal Estate in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed; Be it further enacted. That every Person who is or shall be rated for or in respect of any Personal Estate to him or her anyways belonging, shall be rated at such Place where he or she shall be refi. dent at the Time of the Execution of this Act; and all Persons not being Householders, nor having a certain Place of Residence, shall be taxed at the Place where they shall be resident at the time of the Execution of this Act; and it any Person who ought to be taxed in England\ Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, shall, at the time of his or her Assessment, be out of the Realm, such Person shall be rated therefore in such Parish, Con liable wick, Division, Allotment or Place where he or she were last abiding within this Realm.

XXVI. Provided always, That where any Person shall have any personal Estate Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or Personal Estate, in any to be assessed Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Conflablewicks, Division or where it shall Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment or Place where he eife^h°ere? e* or she shall be resident, or had his or her Residence, it shall be lawful at any Time before the Twenty fourth Day of August One thousand .eight hundred and sixteen, to rate and assess such Person for such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or Personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Conflablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the same shall be: Provided also, that if any Person or Persons by rea- Double Charge*.

Ton of his, her or their having several Mansion Houses, or Places of Residence, or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any Personal I: Hate by occasion of this Act, then upon Certificate made by any Certificate.

Two or more of such Commissioners for the County, Riding*, City or Place, of his, her or their last Personal Residence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her or

them.

56" GEO. III.

U

No Fee.

Oath of Certificate.

Discharge.

Proviso for Personal Estate in Scotland, See.

Fraud on Taxation.

Treble Charge. Into Exchequer.

Housekeepen not giving an Account of their Lodgers.

Penalty.

Members of Parliament to be rated at their Mansion Houses.

Penalty.

c.a.

A.b.i&ie.

them, (which Certificate the fiud Comfniltiotien are hereby required to give without Delay, Fee or Reward, ) and upori Oath made of such Certificate before any 'two such Commissioners who have Authority to put this Act in Execution for the County, Riding, City or Place where the fak$ Certificate shall be made, (which Oath such Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to administer, ) then the Person or Persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be certified, be discharged in every other Parish, Cohftablewlck, Division, Allotment or Place in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed.

XXVII. Provided slifo, That this Act shall ttot extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jersey or Guernsey, for a {Telling any such Personal Estate which they, or any to their Use, have Within those Places, for or towards the said Sum hereby authorized to be charged upon any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constable-wicks, bivision ot Divisiona, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England, Wales atid Berwick upon Tweed, at aforesaid; and if any Person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, fltall, by changing his or her Place of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, escape from the Taxation, and not be taxed, and the same be proved before the Commissiohers, or any Two ot more of them, at any time within One Year next after such Tax made, every Person that shall so escape from the Taxation and Payment, shall be charged, upon Proof thereof, at Treble the Value of so much as he or she should or ought to have been charged at by this Act; the said Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners before whom fudh Proof shall be made, to be levied on the Goods, Lands and Hereditaments of such Persons.

XXVIII. And for the better Discovery of Personal Estate intended to be charged by this Act, be it further enacted, That every Householder in JEngland, Wales ot Berwick upon Tweed, shall, upon Demand of the Assessors of the respective Parishes or Places, give an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons as {halt fqjoum or lodge in their respective Houses under the Penalty of forfeiting to His Majesty the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manner as any other Penalty in this Act mentioned shall and may be levied and recovered.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Members of Parliament who at the Execution of this Act, during this of* the sub-ftquent Session of Parliament, shall abide within the Cities of London and Westmin/ter, and the Suburbs of the same, or within the County of Middlesex, ftlall for or in respect of their ready Money or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Personal Estate or Persons in respect thereof, during this or the next Session of Parliament, be afleflfed only in the Places where such Members have their Mansion Houses or other Places where they most usually reside during the Intervals of Parliament; and in*case any Assessor or Commissioner shall assess, or cause to be afTefled, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provision hereby made, he or they shall forfeit^ to the Party aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, together with full Costs of Suit; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Pro.

ii

S6a GEO. III.

17

C.S.

"XXX. Provided always, That where any Person liable to be

rated a rdped of such Personal Estate, and inhabiting within the CkjofLMuic, or any other City or Town Corporate in England\ Welts or Rematch upon Tweed, hath his Dwelling House in one of the Pmfhea or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in any one or more of the other Parishes or Wards within the same, that then such Person shall be taxed, charged and defied for such his Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in the Parish or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere, within the said City and Town Corporate.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Officers in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and in other the Public Offices, upoe Request to them made by the respective Assessors, shall deliver, gratis, true Lifts or Accounts of all Pensions, Annuities, Stipends or other annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries and other Allowances, payable at the said Receipt, or in the said Public Offices, to any Commissioner or Commissioners, (Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Act, for the better Guidance of the said Afieflors in the charging of the same; and that in all cases where any Pensions, Annuities, Stipends or other yearly Payments, or the Fees, Salaries, Wages or other Allowances or Profits charged by this Act, shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Public Office, or by any of His Majesty's Receivers or Psyxnafters in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, the said last mentioned Tax or Payment, which in pursuance of this Act shall be charged for or in respect of such Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, shall and may (in case of Nonpayment thereof) be detained and flopped out of the same or cut of any Money which shall be paid upon such Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Rates and Duties not otherwise paid as aforesaid; and the proper Officers in the said Exchequer, and other the Public Offices afore* feid, shall keep true Accounts of all Monies flopped, and («upon Request) shall give Copies of such Accounts to the proper Col* leftars of such Monies for the respective Parishes or Places where the said Monies are affefTed by this Act.

XXXII. And.be it further enacted, That every Person in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, rated or assessed for his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his said Office or Employment in the County, City or Place where the same shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arising by such Office or Employment are payable elsewhere: Provided always, that the Right Honourable the Mailer of the Rolls, the Mailers in Chancery, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Registers, Clerks of the InroJments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Office, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery, that execute their Offices within the Liberties of the Rolls, shall be there affefTed to the find last mentioned Duties for their respective Offices, Salaries

other Profits, and not elsewhere; and the said Masters in Chancery for the Time being, and the said Six Clerks and Registers for the Time bring, shall be the Commissioners for putting in Exe^ cation, sad shall put in ^Execution this Act with relation to the faftmentioaed Duties, within the said Liberty, and exercise the 56 Gzo. III. C Powers

Inhabitants of Towns having Petfood Kftates mono or more Parishes affefTed where they reside.

Officers of £*-chequer, See. to deliver LiAs of PcnHoni and Annuities wheu required.

Tax flopped out of Pensions, &&

Accounts thereof kept.

Officers to psy, where employ ed<

Officers in Chancery to ho affefTed in the Rolls Liberty.

C.s.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Offices executed by Deputy, the Assessment to be paid by him.

The Queen or Royal Family-Hot chargeable in respect of Annuities.

Superannuated Sea Officers, &c. not chargeable.

Refidentiaries not chargeable in certain cases.

Powers therein contained; and that all Annuities, Stipends and Pensions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and assessed to the said lad mentioned Duties where such Officers are rated and assessed for their Offices, and not elsewhere; and that all other Pensions, Stipends and Annuities in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, not charged upon Lands, shall be charged and assessed in the Parishes and Places where they are payable.

XXXIII. And Whereas divers Offices and Employments of

Profit chargeable by this Act are executed by Deputy, and the

principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Parish 4 or Place where such Offices or Employments are taxable, the 4 Rates and Assessments for such particular Offices and Employments cannot be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty Be it therefore enacted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable J>y this Act is or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall pay such Assessment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the same out of the Profits of such Office or Employ, ment; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Distress as by this Act is prescribed a gain ft any Person having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein respectivety contained; and that there shall be the like Remedies for the recovering the Monies assessed upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year One thousand seven hundred and six, and for any subsequent Year not yet Satisfied, in all Cases where the Accounts of those Years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the Exchequer.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted. That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not charge or be construed to charge Her Majesty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in respect of any Annuities or yearly Payments granted to Her said Majesty, and to their said Royal Highnestes, but that such Sums of Money, Annuities or yearly Payments, and Her said Majesty and their Royal Highnestes, and their Treasurers, Receivers General and Servants for the Time being, in respect of the same, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever: Provided also, that this Act, or any of the several Clauses herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Pensions of any Superannuated Commission or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Pensions of Widows of Sea or Land Officers (lain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the Most Noble Order of the Garter j or the Pensions of the Poor Knights of Windsor, payable out of the Exchequer only; or to charge a certain Pension of One hundred Pounds granted by the late King Charles the Second to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Man; or to charge the Pensions or Salaries of His Majesty's Pages of Honour, or of the Officers and Persons employed or to be employed m col-lefting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for making, repairing, or maintaining any Public Roads, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary arising thereby.

XXXV. And Whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to c the Refidentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in England and Wales

4 are

A.D. 1816.

50° GEO. III.

C.S.

19

irr dargcable to the Land Tax granted and made pefpetual as

aMid, and in same cases the Overplus of the said Rents and

Renan* above such Tax, Repairs and other Charges, is to go in 4 Shires for the Maintenance of the said Refidentiaries, which Snares

ae dfammfbed by the said Land Tax It is hereby provided and eacted. That in loch cases the said Refidentiaries shall not by this Act, or any of the Clauies therein contained, be farther chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said Rents and Revenues, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further eroded, That nothing in tiro Ad contained shall extend, or be con ft rued to extend, to charge or to authorize the dedoding from or afteffing any Pterfon under any of the Provisions of this Act, upon any Annuity, Pesfioa or Stipend, paid to such Person on account of his having been or acted as a Mmifter or Resident at any Foreign Court.

XXXVIL Provided always, and be it further eroded, That nothing herein contained in relation to the said several Sums of Money charged as last aforesaid on Pensions in nefped of Public Offices or Employments of Profit, or Annuities, Pensions, Stipends or other Annual Payments before described, shall extend or be confined to extend to charge or to authorize the deduding from or afteffing any Person in any case in which the Salary, Wages, Fees, Perqtnfites or Gratuities payable in respect of such Office or Employ, ant of Profit, or in which the Annuity, Pension, Stipend or other Annual Payment shall have been specially exempted from the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any Act of Parliament, or in any case in which any Salary, Wages or Stipend of any Office or Employment, or any other Annual Payment which shall be payable to Inch Person in respect of such Office or Employment, or of his having held any Inch Office or Employment, shall by any Order of Hxs Majestyin Comaol, or by any Warrant under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commissioners of the Treafmy, have been directed to be paid Nett or without Deduction, or m any case in which the Sums affected on any such Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment shall, by like Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, rove been directed to be repaid or rennbatied to the Person assessed out of any Part of the Public Revenue of Great Britain: Provided always, that the Authority far the Payment Nett or without Deduction of the Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment, or the Repayment of the Duty affected

00 the Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment aforesaid, shall be respectively certified by same principal Officer in the Department to which such Officer or Employment belongs, to be so paid Nett or without Deduction, or to be repaid out of the said Revenue.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further eroded. That no Stamp Doty shall be charged or chargeable for any Receipts given hr any Receiver General of the Land Tax to any Collect or for nyment of Money made by virtue of this Act, any Statute to the roanry thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIX- And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty

ddah Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An

Mftrmaiimg perpctmeu9 fubyeS U Redemption and Pnrehafe infix 4 woman therein JLoted, the several Some of Meney now (barged in

1 Great Britain, a* a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth

C 2 Day

Pensions to Persont who hsve s&ed as Mini-fters or Residents at Foreign Couits not liable.

Duties not to bs charged on Peo-fions, &c. specially exempted.

Receipt not chargeable with Stamp Duty.

The Duties oo Sugar, Malt and Tobacco, to be further continued.

38 G. g.c.60.

20

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

3$G. 3. c .5.

38 G. 3. c.6o.

39G.3. c.3.

C.8.

4 Day of March One thou fond seven hundred and ninety eight* it w»

enacted* that the several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three Acts 4 of the Twenty seventh* Thirty fourth* and Thirty seventh Years 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt* by an Act made 4 in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*

4 and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff* by an Act made 4 in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*

4 should continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March 4 One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine and no longer* but 4 should from thenceforth cease and determine* unless the same

should be fpedally continued by Parliament* which said several 4 Duties were by an Act made and passed in the Thirty ninth Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled An Act for continning and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and 4 Perfoual Estates, in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick 4 upon Tweed* and certain Duties on Sugar* Malty Tobacco and 4 Snuffy for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and 4 ninety ninef further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred* and which* by several fubsequent Acts* were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day

of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven 2 [And Whereaa 4 by the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making terfetualy subjeS 4 to Redemption and Purchase in the manner therein Jtatedy the several 4 Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain* as a Land Tax for 4 One Tear9 from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven 4 hundred and ninety eighty it £as enacted* that the several Duties

imposed on Sugar by Three Acts of the Twenty seventh* Thirty

fourth, and Thirty seventh Years of the Reign of His present

Majesty* on Malt* by an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year ' of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Duties of Excise 4 on Tobacco and Snuff* by an Act made in the Twenty ninth Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty'should continue in force until 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and 4 ninety nine and no longer* but should from thenceforth cease and 4 determine* unless the same should be specially continued by Parliament* which said several Duties were by an Act made and 4 passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions9 Offices and Personal Estates, in England*

Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties 4 on Sugary Malty Tobacco and Snuff /or t t Service of the Tear 4 One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine9 further continued until

the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred* 4 and which* by several subsequent Acts* were further continued 4 until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundired

and eleven: ] (a) And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty 4 ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled An Act 4 for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great

Britain* and for granting other Duties in Ben thereof; and by one 4 other Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign, of His present Majesty* intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs

(a) [The Part of this SeSion in Brackets appears to be a Repetition of the former Part % but it is Jo on the Roll* J

4 payable

A.D. 1816.

56° geo. nr.

C.S.

*1

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into Great

Britain, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter9granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading9to the East Indies; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and9to e/kabRfb further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue9on Goods Jo imported; and to alter the Periods for making up and9presenting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament; to9continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight9hundred and nineteen; the said several Duties on Sugar imported 4 from the East Indies were repealed, and other Duties granted on

Sugar so imported in lieu thereof: And Whereas by another Act

passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

9 intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great9Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof certain of the said9Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and9Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco were repealed, and other9Duties granted in lieu thereof: And Whereas the said Duties on 1 Sugar, and the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, together9with the said Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were

further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One9thousand eight hundred and sixteen ; Be it further enacted. That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and the said A As granting and continuing the same, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be and the same are hereby federally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as afbiesaid, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand right hundred and seventeen, and all the Monies arising thereby, which shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered Ceparate and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XL. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and 'kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's'Exchequer One Book of Register, in which all the Money that shall be paid into the Exchequer for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff; and also the Rates and Afleffinents hereby granted on Personal E dates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Pensions, Annuities and Stipends, herein before mentioned, shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, at any time or times, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three Millions, in the same or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions as are directed and prescribed in and by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the tjfuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Prorifees, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, ^ Forfeitures and Disabilitirs, contained in the said recited Act, made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the tffmng and paying off of Exchequer Bills, shall be

C 3 applied

Monies paid into the Exchequer under this Act shall he enters* fenarate from' other Payments.

Diredins a Sum to be raised by Commiflkmers of the Treasury.

Clauses, Sc. ia 48O.3. c. 1. shall apply this Act.

C.S.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Exchequer Bills to bear luterest.

Bank of Eng* land authorised to advance a certain Sum on the Credit of this Act.

Bills shall be placed as Calli in the Exchequer;

and Hull he if-fuable thereout in common with other Monies.

Exchequer Bills to be charged upon the Rates and Duties granted by this

Aa.

applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in purfoance of thin Ad, a8 fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses or Proviloes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum her Annum upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respeoively contained therein.

XLIV. And be it declared and further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to His Msyeity, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized by this Act, any Sum or Sums1 of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing in an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Kin£ William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to tbetr MajeJUes several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels* and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors; and for feeurmg certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said AS mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War again/l France, or in any subsequeat Ad to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLV. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act, to be placed as so much Cash in the respectiye Offices of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and eveiy of which Teller shall be severally charged with a Proportion of the said Bills which shall be so placed in his Office respectively; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. And it is hereby also enacted and declared, That the find Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked up, and secured as Cash, according to the Coorfe of the Exchequer, and shall be taken and esteemed as so much in Fart of the Remains, in Real Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers shall from time to time stand charged in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer, any Law or Uiage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that it .shall be lawful for the find Comnuffioners of the Treasury to issue and apply the same from time to time to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this prefect Sdfion of Parliament.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interoft that may become due thereon, and*the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall be and the same are hereby made changeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties and Aflbff* meats, granted by this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby authorized, from time to time, to direct to be issued to the fiud Paymasters by way of Imprest, and upon Account, such Sums of Money, and at luck Periods as the fiud Comnuffioners Audi think necessary, for or towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills which shall have been aside forth by virtue of this Aor any of thorn, and for and

15 towards

\sie.

56° GEO. III.

C.3.

as

\ovtnii paying the Interest to become due on the said Bills, and for or towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the same Bills or any of them.

XLVIII. And be it further ensured by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight ftsadred and (eventeen, or within Ten Days after, the Commissioners of the Treafory, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Conuniffioneri of the Treafory for the rime bring, shall cause a true and perfect Account ia 'Writing, to be taken and attested by the proper Officers, of the Amount of ail Exchequer Bills that shall have been issued by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof shall before that time have been paid oIf or discharged, and how much thereof shall then remain tssadiJcbarged.

XL IX. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aJbce&id, That the Monies so remaining unsatisfied or not discharged, with the Interest due or to grow due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fewstceo.

L And be it further enacted, That the Surplus of the Monies arxfing from the Rates, Duties and Assessments, granted and imposed by tins Ad, after paying off and fatiafying all the Exchequer Bills ifiord by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become doc thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, (had, as the Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall he pood into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund*

LI. Provided aUb, and it ia hereby enacted by the Authority nbrefud, That the had Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall haw Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and allow, or cause to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to aide of or for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the Consolidated Fund, from time to time, the necessary Charge* of wiring forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorised to be made forth, and such other Charges as shall be neceftarily mcideat, ia or for the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, in* relation to the Aid Bills, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithdaoding.

LIL Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority afojre-bid, That whatever Monies shall he issued out of the said Con-bhdated Fuad shall from rime to time be replaced by and out of the Fir# Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament, any thing ham eoatamed to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIU. Fisrided always, and he it enacted, That this Act may be shard, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts of this present Sefioaof Fidiament.

C 4

Account of Fx chequer bills to be Ukrn

Money due on Exchequer Bills to be p^id out of the next Aid*.

Surplus Monies to be curried to Consolidsted Fund.

The Treasury to allow out of the Consolidated Fund the necessary Charges of making forth new Exchequer Bills;

and afterwards to be replaced

out of the First Supplies.

Alt altered, Itc.

CAP.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

24.C.4, 5.

CAP. IV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. [4th March 1816.] " TREASURY may raise 11 foooo, ooool. by Exchequer Bills, in " manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. i. — § 1. The clauses, &c. in 44 recited Act extended to this Act, $ 2. Treasury to apply the 44 Money raised, § 3. Exchequer Bills payable out of Supplies for 44 next Session, § 4. Interest ${d.per Cent. per Diem, § 5. Ex- chequer Bills current at Exchequer after April 5, 1817. — $ 6. 44 Bank of England may advance p, 000, 000!. on Credit of Ad, 44 notwithstanding c & 6 W. & M. c. 20. — § 7. Ad altered, 44 amended or repealed this Session, § 8.

CAP. V.

An Act to extend the Powers of an Act of the Thirty Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty more effectually to grant conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence of Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprisonment under such Sentences. [4th March 1816.]

14 G. 3. Seff. a. WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the 4 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the 4 effectual Tranjjportation of Felont and other Offenders, and to antborive the Removal of Prisoners in certain cases, and for other Pvrposes therein mentioned: And Whereas by another Act passed in 37 G. 3. c. 14a 4 the Thirty Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty more easily and effectually 4 to grant conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence by Naval 4 Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprisonment under such Sentences % 4 certain Provisions of the said former Ad relating to the Transportation of Offenders convicted at Sessions of Oyer and Terminer 4 and Gaol Delivery, were extended to the Transportation and Imprisonment of Persons Capitally convicted before Courts Martial, but to whom His Majesty should be graciously pleased to grant a 4 Pardon on Condition of Transportation, or of Imprisonment, or 4 being kept to hard Labour: And Whereas by another Act passed 55G.3. c. 156.4 in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti* 4 tilled An Act to amend the Law relating to the Transportation of 4 Offenders, to continue in force until the First Day of May One thou/and eight hundred andjixteen, the said Act of the Twenty fourth 4 Year of His said Ntojesty's Reign has been repealed: And 4 Whereas Doubts have ariien whether the said Act of the Fifty 4 fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty may not have in 4 part repealed the said Act of the Thirty Seventh Year of His said 4 Majesty'a ReignFor Removal whereof and in order to enlarge and extend the Provisions of the said Act of the Thirty Seventh Year of the Reign aforesaid as hereinafter mentioned, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Benefits of con* Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That dhionil Pardon whenever His Majesty Audi be gracioully pleased to extend His

Royal

A.TL1B1S.

56° GEO. III.

C. 5.

25

Rcrpl Mercy to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by« cases of Naval the Sentence of a Naval Court Martial on Condition of Transport- Coum Martial, ados or Imprisonment, or of being kept to hard Labour for Lite, or E*ecutiOT for any Term of Year, it shall and may be lawful, on a Communication of the Intention of His Majesty from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or any Three or mote of them, for One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to notify to any Justice of The King's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, fetch Intention of Mercy as aforesaid; whereupon the said Justice or Baron shall allow such Offender the Benefit of such conditional Pardon as shall be expressed in such Notification, in the same manner as if a conditional Pardon to the same Effect had passed under the Great Seal for that Purpose; and the said Justice or Baron, and all other Officers or Persons whatsoever, are to make such Order or Orders, and to do and perform all such Ad or Ada for the carrying into effect the Punishment mentioned in such conditional Pardon, as may be required by the said Acts of the Thirty seventh and Fifty fifth Years of His said Majesty, or by^Q^c X4a any other Act or Acts which may be in force at the time when fuen §_14. conditional Pardon shall be granted for carrying into Execution any 550.3. c. 156. Sentence of Traniportation or Imprisonment, or to be kept to hard Labour, passed at any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in the United Kingdom; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant, whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey such Order or Orders, and be assistant in the Execution thereof, and of all such Act or Acts as aforesaid, and be liable to the same Punishment for Neglect, Disobedience or Interruption of the same, as they would be if the said Offender bad been convicted by any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, and as if such Order and Orders had been made, and such Act or Acts performed, or required to be performed in pursuance of such Conviction.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Offenders re. IBs Majesty to cause any Offender who may be in Prison or Confine- moved from ooe meat after or under any Sentence of a Naval Court Martial, or after f* Conor under any conditional Pardon as aforesaid, to be removed from the ^£ent to tn" Prison or Place of Confinement in which he may at any time be, to such other fit and proper Prison or Place of Confinement being a Public Gaol, Prison, Hulk, Penitentiary House or House of Cor-redion, within the United Kingdom, as to His Majesty may seem expedient; and any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State is hereby authorized and empowered to issue a Warrant or other Instrument under his Hand for such Removal, and for carrying into Execution such Part or Parts of such Sentence as may remain unexpired or unsatisfied, or for which His Majesty'* Gracious Pardon may not have been granted 3 and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper,

Governor or Superintendant, whom it may concern, and all Confta-bks and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Warrant or Instrument, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Neglect, Disobedience or Interruption of the same, as if the said Person were under Sentence of a Court of Ojer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for such Imprisonment, as in the said Warrant may be IjpecifiecU

III. And

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Pay of Offenders Hopped during lmprifocmtnr.

Allowance to Gaoler.

In cases of Infinity Prisoners removed to Lunatic Asylum.

54 G.3.C.175. continued.

C.5, 6.

III. And be it further enacted, That during the Imprisonment of any Officer, Petty Officer or Seaman, or Officer, Non Commit-honed Officer or Private of Royal Marines in any Gaol or Prison, or other Place of Confinement in pursuance of any such Sentence of a Naval Court Martial, or under any conditional Pardon, or Order or Warrant for Removal as aforesaid, all Pay and Wages of such Officer, Petty Officer or Seaman, or Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Private of Royal Marines shall be suspended and flopped, and the Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant, in whose Custody such Officer, Petty Officer or Seaman, or Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Private of Royal Marines may be, shall receive and apply, in the Subfi(fence and Support of every such Prisoner, an Allowance of such a Sum of Money per Diem as shall at that time be appointed by any Act of Parliament for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, to be paid to any Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison or House of Com&ion for the Subsistence of any Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine committed into their Custody under such Ad, and which Allowance the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being are hereby authorized and required to cause to be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy or the Paymaster of Royal Marines^ as the case may be, to the said Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being in PrifoR or Confinement under any such Sentence, or by virtue of any such Warrant or Instrusnent as aforesaid, shall become insane, and shall be certified by Two Physicians or Surgeons to be insane, it shall and may be lawful for One of the said Secretaries of State to direct, by a Warrant or Inftniment under his Hand, the Removal of such Person to such Lunatic Asylum, or other proper Receptacle for Insane Persons in the United Kingdom, as he may judge proper, for the unexpired Term of any such Sentence or Imprisonment or Confine* ment; and if any such Person should be in the same manner certified to be of found Mind, the Said Secretary of State may issue a firaifar Warrant or Instruxnent for his being removed to such Prison or Place of Confinement as be my deem expedient.

CAP. VI.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thpufaiuj eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefer* Majesty, for explaining and ameoding Several Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices, in England. [22d March 1816.]

4 IT 7 HERE AS an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His urefent Majesty, intituled An Act to exploit 4 apd amend several Acts relating to Spiritual Perf oat holding of 4 Farms, and for enforcing the Ryidesue of such Per font an their Benesites, in England, for One Tear, and from thence until Sin IVuh 4 after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament, is near 4 expiring: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should 4 be continuedBe it therefore enacted by the The King's Mod

Excellent

56° GEO. III.

t?

C.6, 7.

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament rambled, and by the Authority of the faibe. That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

CAP. VII.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and amend an A & of the 'Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[22d March 1816.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

YT^HEREAS an Act oaffied in the Forty eighth Year of the

c Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for no-

powering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to

advance the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply for the

Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight: And ' Whereas another Act passed in the lall Seffinn of Parliament to

continue and amend the said recited Act: And Whereas the Go*

veraor and Company of the Bank of England are willing and have < agreed to continue the Loan of the said Sum of Three Millions

advanced under the Provisions of the said recited Act, until the

Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen,

without Inter eft : > Now, therefore, We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjectt, the Commons of the Unked Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament affetnbled, do most numbly befeeeh Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and wkh the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to continue the Advance and Loan to His Majesty made in pursuance of the said first recited Act, upon the Credit of Exchequer Bills authorized to be issued and issued under the said Act, of the Sum of Three Millions without Interect, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IL And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills made out under the Provisions of the said first recited Act for securing the find Advaoce of Three Millions, shall remain and continue as a Security for the Repayment of the said Sum of Money at the Period by this Act specified, in like manner in every reiped as if new Exchequer BiDs were made out for that Pnrpofc, payable on the Fifth Bay of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and shall, together with all Charges incident to or attending the same, be and am hereby charged and chargeable upon, and i»all be repaid or borne by or oat of the Aids or Supplies which fbaH be granted by Parka-tneat hr the Services of the Year One thousand eight hundred and ogbtaaif and in case futtcicat Aida or Supplies for that Purpose

shall

48 G. 3. c. 3.

55 G. 3»

Bask to continue Loan of 3, 000, 0001. without Interest.

Exchequer Bills issued under 48 G. 3. c.3. to remain a Security for Loan, and payable on April 5, 1818.

88

C. 7, 8.

56n GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

How Monies iflaed out of Consolidated fund replaced.

Exchequer Bills to bear Interest

if Provision not made for Payment before April 5, i8ig.

490- J.c.17. further continued.

shall not be granted before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, then all the said Exchequer Bills with the 'Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are heneby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any time or times at or after such Penod shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Consolidated Fund (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as shall then be appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament iu that behalf); and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied as soon as the same can be regularly Hated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills and Charges until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money Sufficient for that Purpose be kept and referred in the Exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the said Consolidated Fund shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted by Parliament; any thing herein contained to the

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Interest shall be payable or paid upon or in respect of the said Exchequer Bills: Provided always, that in case Provision shall not be made by Parliament for Payment of the said Exchequer Bills, so that the same shall be fully paid and discharged on or before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, then and in such case the said Exchequer Bills, or such Part thereof as shall then re* main unpaid, shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, bear Interest at and after the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum; and such Interest is hereby made chargeable and charged upon, and shall be borne and paid by and out o? the same Fund as the Principal Money payable in relped of the said Exchequer Bills is by this Act charged and chargeable upon; any thing in this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Seventeen, an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope.

(22d March 1816 ]

WHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned is near expiring,

W and fit to be continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize His Majesty during the present War to male Regulations refbeSing the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope; which was revived and continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty fifth Day

of

A.D. 1B16.

56° GEO. III.

C. 8, 9. M

ol March One thousand eight hundred and Sixteen, by an Act of the Y'lfty fourth Year of His present Majesty, shall be and the same it [54 O.3. \vcrthr further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand «81.] eight hundred and Seventeen.

CAP. IX.

An Act for charging certain Duties on Foreign Packets or Passage Vessels entering or departing any of the Ports of Great Britain. [aad March l8l6.]

AYJ HERE AS it is expedient that a Tonnage Duty should be

W imposed upon French Packets or Passage Vessels, on their

entering and deputing any of the Ports of Great Britainf equiva-

lent to the Duty now payable on British Packets or Passage

Vessels entering and departing the Ports of FranceBe it therefore enacted by The Icing's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of die same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, Frsndi Pwfesm there shall be raised, collected, levied and paid unto His Majesty, his 10 W* Heirs and Successors, a Tonnage Duty at and after the Rate of

Three Shillings and Six pence of good and lawful Money of Great

Britain for each and every Ton Burthen of every Packet or Passage

Vessel belonging to the Subjects of His Most Christian Majesty,

which shall lade or unlade any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or

take in or set on Shore any Passengers in any Port, Creek, Harbour

or Road of Great Britain, and that the Tonnage of every such Vessel

shall, in case of Doubt or Dispute as to the same, be ascertained

By the proper Officers of the Customs by Admeasurement, in manner

dnreded by an Act passed in the Twenty flxth Year of the Reign of »6 0.3.*to.

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement

and Eucreaje of Shipping and Navigation.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Packets net y«y-any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, to flop and detain >ng Duty detain-any Packet or Passage Vessel liable to the Payment of the said Duty, e4an<1 foW. until the same is paid as aforesaid; and in case Payment thereof shall

not be made for the Space of Thirty Days after the Arrival of such Veffol at any such Port, Creek, Harbour or Road in this Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them, to cause such Packet or Passage Vessel, and her Masts, Apparel and Furniture, to be sold publicly to the befl Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied, first to the Charges that shall arise by such Detention and Sale, next to the said Duty imposed by this AAf and the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietor of fuen Packet or Passage Vessel or other rerfon duly authorized by such Proprietor to receive the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Tonnage Duty hereby Duty under imposed shall be paid into the Hands of the proper Officers of H» Commissionmi Mntfty's Customs at the respective Ports or Places where such Duty Custcmi.

U become due and payable $ and such Duty shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of HU Majesty's Customs in

is/Wand Scotland

IV. And

C.9.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

No Entry taken till Duty paid.

Duty hew applied.

49 G.3.C. 98.

His Majesty empowered to fix Duty to be paid for Packets of other Foreign Countries.

Duty managed as Duty on French Packets.

IV. And, to the Intent that the said Duty may be duly answered and paid, be it further enacted, That no Officer of His Majesty's Customs whatever, at any of the said Ports or Places in Great Britain where such Duty shall become due and payable, shall, from and after the said passing of this Act, take or receive any Entry or Report Outwards for any such Vessel liable or subject to the said Duty, nor grant any Cocquet for any Goods, Wares or Merchandize intended to be shipped on board any such Vessel, or shall such VeiTel be permitted to depart from any such Port or Place until the said Duty shall be paid pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to the respective Collectors or other principal Officers of His Majesty's Customs authorized to receive the lame, and until the Master or Owner of any such Vessel subject to the Payment of such Duty shall shew to such respective Officer a Receipt for the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from time to time arising by the Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Permanent Duties imposed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the federalDuties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof\ are directed to be appropriated and applied.

VI. And Whereas British Packets or Passage Vessels entering

or clearing out from the Ports or Harbours of other Foreign

Countries are subject and liable to certain Imposts in the Nature of

Tonnage Duties, Port Duties, Harbour Dues or otherwise: And

Whereas such Imposts are continually varying in Amount; and it

is expedient for the Protcftion of the Navigation of Great

Britain, that His Majesty should be empowered to levy on the

Packets or Passage Vessels of such Foreign Countries similar ' Duties, and to alter or entirely revoke the same as such Duties

may be altered or revoked on British Packets or Passage Vessels 4 in such Foreign CountriesBe it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty's Order or Orders in Council to be published from time to time in the London Gazette, to direct such Duty or Duties as shall be therein specified, to be levied, collected and paid in the Ports of Great Britain on the entering or clearing out of the Packets or Passage Vessels of such Foreign Countries as shall be named in the said Proclamations or Orders m Council, and from time to time, by any such Proclamations or Orders in Council issued or published as aforesaid, to reyoke, dimraifh or mcrease such Duties to the same Amount as similar Duties may be respectively revoked, diminished or increased on British Packets or Passage Vessels entering or clearing out from the Ports or Harbours of such Foreign Countries.

VIL And be it further enacted, That on such Duty being so declared as aforesaid, the same shall be collected, managed, paid and recovered in the same manner, and subject and liable to the same Rules and Regulations as the Duty on French Packets or Passage

SI

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C. 9, 10.

Vefieli are by this Act directed to be collected, managed, paid and recovered.

VIII. Provided always, and be it eoacted, That this Act, nor any thing herein contained* shall extend or be confirmed to extend to any Ship or Vessel used onJy for the Purposesof Pleasure, and which shall not carry any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any Passengere for Hire or Reward.

CAP. X.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[22d March i8id.]

X XT HERE AS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within

W the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in time 4 of Peace, nnlefs it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against

Law: And Whereas it is judged necessary by His Majesty, and this present Parliament* that a Body of Forces mould be continued for

the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions

of His Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of

Power in Europe* and that the whole Number of such Forces

should consist of One hundred and seventy six thousand six hundred

and fifteen effective Officers and Men, exclusive of His Majesty's

Forces employed in the Territorial Possessions of the Eqfl India 4 Company, the Foreign Corps in British Pay, and the embodied

Militia: And Whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or

Limb, or subjected in time of Peace to any kind of Puniflunent

within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other manner than 4 by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and

establiflied Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining all the before mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall

mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty*8 Service, be ' brought to a more exemplary and speedy Puniflunent than the usual 4 Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parftament assembled* and by the Authority of the same* That if any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Commissioned Officer or Sol* dier, shall* at any time during the Continuance of this Act, begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majesty's Land or Marine Foroes, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny* shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer j or shall mifbeuave himself before the Enemy; or shall fluunefnlly abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress* Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Com* sanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress or Post to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words* or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to mtfbehave before the Enemy; or (hamefully to abandon

PrortfoYor

ViffeUof

Pitiful*.

Number of Forces 176, 61^

Officers, See. mutinying or deserting, Sec.

or shall be found deeping upon or shall desert hit Post, &c.

or shall strike or disobey his superior Officer, shall differ Death, or such Punishment as a Court Martial may

Recruits discharged previous to March »5, 1816, before Expiration of 44 Hours after Enlistment, not proceeded against as Deserters.

Any Person confessing himself a Deserter, deemed duly nlifted.

CIO. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 1816.

or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend $ or shall leave his Post before relieyed; or shall be found deeping on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of His Majestyt either by Letters, Mestages, Signs or Tokens, in any manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall strike or use any Violence against his superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer; or shall desert His Majesty's Service; all and every Person and Person s so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land, or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court Martial shall be awarded.

[Sc 8 to ns 2. to 93. are the same a* the like SeBions of 55 G. 3. c, 108.]

XCIV. And Whereas many Justices and Chief Magistrates have

erroneously discharged Recruits before the Expiration of Twenty

four Hours after the time of their Enlistment: And Whereas

such Recruits are in consequence liable to be treated as Deserters 4 through such Error of the Justice or Chief Magistrate, and with-

out any evil Intention on their own PartBe it therefore enacted. That no such Recruit who shall have been so erroneoudy discharged by a Justice or Chief Magistrate previous to the Twenty fifth Day of March Oae thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be liable on that Account to be proceeded against as having absconded or deserted from His Majesty's Service.

[ScBion 95. is the same as SeBion 91. of 55 G. 3. c. 108., and See-tions 96. to 116. are the same as SeBions 95. to 115. of 55 G. 3. c. 108.]

CXVII. And be it further ena£ted, That any Person who shall voluntarily surrender or deliver himself up as a Deserter from any Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's Regular or Militia Foroes, or of the Forces of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or who, upon being apprehended for Desertion or any other Offence, shall, in the Prelence of the Magistrate, confess himself to be a Deserter from any such Regiment or Corps, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted, and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to Serve in any such Regiment or Battalion or Corps of His Majesty's Foroes, as His Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Soldier or not.

[SeBions 118. to 158. the same as SeBions 117. to 157. and all the Schedules from Schedule (A.) to Schedule (0.1 the fadte as all the Schedules from Schedule (A.) to Schedule (O.) of 55 G.3. c. 108.]

CAP.

W GEO. III.

C.11.

99

CAP. XL

AaA& far the regulating of His Majesty* Royal Marine Torres while on Snore. [aad March 1816.]

[72t*s Act is the same as 55 G. 3. c. at* except as to Data and as

to the SeBioas that an ben retained, amd all the Schedules are the same as the Schedules to 55 G* 3. c* ai.]

XL AND be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall iatead any such Sentence of a Court Martial to be carried into Execution, or fall be gradoufly pleased to extend his Mercy, upon ConStion of Transportation, to any Offender liable to the Puni foment of Death by the Sentence of a Court Martial, such Sentence, together with His Majesty's Pkafure upon the same, shall be notified in Writiy by the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great BrOam and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three of more of them, to any J office of the King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, and there* upon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Transport-atm of such Offendervupon the Terms and for the time which shall be fperiled in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other Acts consequent upon the same, as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of making any such Orders m refation to the Transportation of Offenders; and such Or* hex and Orders so to be made, and all such Acts as shall be so done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and done by such Person in whose Custody such Offender fall at that time be, and all other Persons whom it may concern, and fall he as effectual and have all the same Con-feqneooes as aoy Order made under the Authorityof the fold Ad with respect to oar Offender in the said Act mentioned; and every Sheriff Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintcndant whom it may concern, and all Constables, add other Persons, Audi be bound to obey die afotvfeid Order and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and he liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience, or mterraptzoff the Execution of the same, at they would be if the same bad been made under the Authority of the aforesaid Act; and ciery Ferfoa (o ordered to be transported as aforesaid shall be subject rripedifdy to all and every the Provision and Provisions made by Law, and now in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime ad sentenced to be transported, or receiving His Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Transportation.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Trials of Offenders by General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this Act, every Officer present at such Trial before any Proceedings be had there-upon, flail take the following Oaths upon the Holy £vangelifts, before the Court and Judge Advocate, or his Deputy, (who are hereby wtborized to admtntftrr the same, ) in these Words $ that is to fey,

1 ffiafl well and truly tiy and determine according to the

Evidence which shall be given in the Matter now before you, 'betveen our Sovereign Lord The King's Majesty and the Prisoner

to be tried: «So help you GOD.'

S6Gmo.HI. D 'I A.B.

How Order for TrsoTporudoa ft til bo pro. ended in.

Otths to be taken by til Members of t General Court Martial

Oaths.

C.ll.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

84

4 T A. B» do (wear, That I will duly administer Justice, according 4 to an Act of Parliament now in force, for the Regulation of Hu 4 MajeBy's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, and according to 4 the Rules and Articles made in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other 4 Crimes therein respectively mentioned, without Partiality, Favour 4 or Afsection; and if any Doubt shall arise (which is not explained 4 by the said Act of Parliament, or the said Rules and Articles),

4 according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and 4 the Cuf^om of War in like cases: And I further fwtar, That«I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court, until it shall be approved by the Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the 4 United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; neither will I,

< upon any Account at any time whatsoever, difdofe or discover 4 the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court

< Martial unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness, by«a Court of Justice, in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.1

The Judge Ad- And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words:

4 T A. B. do swear. That I will not upon any Account, at any 4 time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of 4 any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to 4 give Evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice, in a 4 due Course of Law. So help me GOD/

In Sentences of And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender by any such General Court Martial at aforesaid, unless Nine Officers Officer/fhill present, or where the Court Martial shall consist of Seven Members, concur, Ac. unless Five Officers present shall concur therein; and if there be more Officers present than Thirteen or Seven respectively, then rise Judgment shall pass by the Concurrehce of Two Thirds of the Officers present; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Hours of Trial 6 fence, but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in cases which require Witnesses during an immediate Example: Provided also, that all Witnesses duly fum-their roone^ b7 Judge Advocate or the Person officiating as such (haD,

from Axrctl* during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest in like manner as Witnesses attending any of His Majesty's Courts of Law are privileged, and that if any such Witness (nail be unduly arrested, be shall be discharged from such Arrest by the Court out of which the Writ or Proem issued by which such Witness was arrested $ or if the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King's Bench in London or m Dublin, or the Court of Sessions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, according as the case shall require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge by Affidavit in a luminary Way that fuen Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attending upon such Court Martial; and that all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid, who shall not attend on such Court, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King's Bench in London or

12

vocate to be {Worn.

The Oath.

A. ix \m.

serGEO. m.

C. 11.

35

cr Court of 8ession in Scotland, or Court* of haw in the WjjMhfa respectvely, anon Complaint made to the find Courts of 1Bench or Coon of Seffioo in Scotland, or Courts of Law in llwy/idfcr, in like manner as if such Witness had oegfeded to mmirn a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted, list no Marine, either Officer or Private Man, being acquitted or cnavi&ul of any Offence at any such Court Martial as afareuid, Audi he Sable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court Martial, for the same Offence; unless in the case of an Appeal from a Divisional to a General Court Martial, and that no Sentence given by any Court Martial, and signed by the President thereof, be Gable to be reiifcd more than once.

L And Whereas several Marines, who being duly entered, may*afterwards defat and be found wandering, or otherWe absenting 1 dasfehea illegally fawn His Majesty's Service ; It is hereby farther ended. That it shall and may be lawful to and far the Con* ftablet Headborppgh or Tfchmgman, of the Town or Place where asy Ferfbn who may reasonably be suspected to be such a Deserter flhd1 be found, or if no such Constable, Head borough or Tithingman can be immediately met with, then for any Marine Officer or Marine to apprehend orfeause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cmfe him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace firing m or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such fafpe&rd Person$ and if, by his Con-session, or the Testimony of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it Audi appear or he found that such lufpe&ed Person is a Marine duly entered, and ougfa to be with die Company to which he belongs, whether such Company ftuBi be employed on board any of His Majesty* Ships or Views, or quartered on Sure, or employed on board any Transaort Ship or Merchant Ship or Vessel, such Justice of die Peace mall, without Fee or Reward to himself or Clerk, forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found; or to the Houie of Correction or other public Prison in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Sana}, ia case such Deserter Anil be apprehended within the Cities of Lmdm or Wefimim/ttr, or Places adjacent $ and transrtit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty far the time being, and to the Commandant of the Division to which the said Deserter may belong, to the end that such Person mky be proceeded against according to Law; and the Keeper of every Gaol, Hdufe of Correction or Prifoo, fltafl receive the fall Subsistence of such Deserter, during the time he Audi continue in Ins Custody, far the Maintenance of such Deserter; hut shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of foe Imprifanment of any such Deserter; any Law, Ufege or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that it fhwH be lawful far the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being* if he taoid think fit, to order the Issue and Payment of any Arrears of say, or of the Surplus of such Pay or any Portion thereof, to or on wm* of such Mon Commissioned Officer or Marine during or after tb Emotion of him Period of ImprifamneiKt in any Gaol or Houft vf Context or other public Prison.

D 2 LI. And,

Wooe to b« triad Secood Thus for the Dm Offence, unis(m in cafo of AppuL

Cooftablea, ftc. may apprehend Deforttn, sad carry them baton a Justicts

and transmit an Account to (ha Secratary oftho Admiralty, Sc.

Gaol Keeper to receive the Subsistence of Deserter*.

LI. And,

36

C.11.

56* GEO, III.

A J).1816-

Reward for taking up De. fetters.

Recruits discharged previous to March 15, 1816, before the Expiration of 14 Hours after Enlistment, not to be proceeded against uDe> ferten.

FaUe Oaths Perjury.

Furlough extended in case ef Sickoefr, dec

LI. And, for the better Encouragement of any Personor Persons to secure or apprehend such Deserter, be it further enacted, That such Jnftioe of the Peace shall also issue his Warrant, in Writing, to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parish or Township in Great Britain, where such Deserter shall be apprehended, or in Ireland, to the Collector or Collegers of His Majesty's Revenue in the District where such Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arilen or to arise in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, into the Hands of such Person or Persons who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any such Deserter from His Majesty'a Service, the Sum of Three Pounds, for every such Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which Sum of Three Pounds shall be latisfied by such Collector or Collectorfl to whom such Warrant shall be diredea, and allowed upon his or their Account; the Magi it rate informing the Commandant of the Division to which such Deserter may belong, that the same may be charged againit his Pay and Subfiitence.

LVI. And Whereas many Justices and Chief Magistrates have

erroneously discharged Recruits before the Expiration of Twenty

four Hours after the Time of their Enliitment: And Whereas such

< Recruits are in consequence liable to be treated as Deserters through

such Error of the Justice or Chief Magi (Irate, and without any

Evil Intention on their own PanBe it therefore enacted, That no such Recruit who shall have been so erroneously discharged by a Justice or Chief Magistrate previous to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be liable on that Account to be proceeded against as having absconded or deserted from His Majesty*8 Service.

LVI 11. And be it further enacted, That any Person taking a false Oath in any case wherein an Oath is required to be taken by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Peijury, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Penury are subject and liable to.

V LIX. And Whereas Marines absent on Furlough granted to«them by their Commanding Officers are sometimes prevented by

Sickness, or other unavoidable Casualty, from returning to then:

< Duty before the Expiration of the Time limited by such Furlough;

and Doubts have arisen whether in such cases the Extension of m

Marine's Furlough by a Justice of the Peace be fandioned by legal

Authority, and effectual for preventing such Marine from being

< apprehended upon Suspicion of his having defertedBe it further enacted. That any Infoeding Field Officer, stationed on the Recruiting Service, or any Officer of the Rank of Captain or of superior Rank, or any Adjutant of Local Militia within the Dif-tnd; or in case there be no such Officer as aforesaid within a convenient Distance, that any J[uftice of the Peace may and he is hereby authorized to grant in Writing under his Hand an Extension of Furlough to any Non Commissioned Officer or Marine applying for the lame on account of Sickness or other Casualty which shall on due Enquiry appear to render such Extension necessary $ and that every such Officer or Justice of the Peace, who shall grant to any Non Commissioned Officer or Marine an Extension of Furlough as aforesaid, shall immediately certify the same, with the Cause of its being

A/D. 181 &

56°GEO.IIL

C.ll.

37

Co gtmted, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and the Commandant ofwiMoQ to which the said Marine may belong, and that such Nb Coosmffioned Officer or Marine during the Period to which hit Farioagb fall have been so extended as aforesaid fall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwise molested on the ground of hit haring deferred, or of criminally absenting himself from hit Dirifion: Pro* tided always, that nothing in this Act contained fall be construed to exempt any Non Commissioned Officer or Marine, whose Furlough fall hare been so extended as aforesaid, from being proceeded against and punished according to the Provisions of this Act, should it thereafter appear that such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine had obtained the Extenfioo of his Furlough by false Representation made to such Officer or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, or in applying for and obtaining the fane, had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline: Provided also, that no such Farioagh fall be extended by any Justice of the Peace for any longer Period than One Month, unless with the Approbation of the General Officer commanding the District where such Marine shall be.

LXXII. And be it further raided, That if any High Coostable, Codtabk, Beadle or other Officer, or Person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Act, fall quarter or billet, or be employed io quartering or btHetting any Marine Officers or Private Men, (nail negied or refaft for the Space of Two Hours to quarter or billet such Officers or Mariner when thereunto required, in such manner as is by fa Ad directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Foroes; or shall receive, demand, eontrad or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or on account of exciting, or in order to excuse any Person or Persons whatsoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her or their Houfo or Hollies, any such Officer or Marine; or in case any Vidualler, or any other Person fable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine btUetted or quartered on him or her, fall refuse to receive or to afford proper Accommodation to or to vidual any such Officer or Marme so quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforesaid; or fall tefofe to fureifli or allow, according to the Directions of this Act, the (even! Hungs hereinbefore refoedively directed to be for-nUhed or allowed to Non Commissioned Officers or Marines so quar* tered or bdletted on him or her, as aforesaid, at the Rate which is or fall be efcbfifad by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that Behalf, and sass bd thereof convicted, before any One or more Jnf-txe or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty within whack such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confession or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses ( which Oath the fad Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to adnumfter), every such High Constable, Constable, Beadle or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence* the Sam of Five Pounds, or any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor Ids than Forty Shillings (as the said Justice or Justices, before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall in his or their Discretion think hV. to be levied by Dtftrefs and Sale of the Goods of the Person €tais£ bj Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals offaMfce or Justices before whom such Offender shall be con-risted, or of One or more of them, to be directed to any other Cooifa within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the

D 3 Over-

Provito

Prorifo

Penalty on Coo-(tables, ftc. neglecting to quarter Marines;

or taking Money to ex-cufe any Person from quartering;

and on Yictual-lcn refuting to receive Marine*

Oath administered.

Penalty,

£8

C. 11*

«6*GEO.IlL

A-D. 1810,

to the Poor.

Service to be to His Majestyvt Hein tod Sue. ccflbrx.

Apprentices in

Scotknd, &c.

Oicriccri of the Poor of the Parift where the Offender shall dwell % and the said Sum of Fire Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Paruh where the Offence (hau be committed, or to some one of them, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

LXX V. And Whereas it is highly expedient, that no doubt

should remain as to the Service of Row Marines by reason of c any Omission of His Majesty's Heirs ana Successors in any Oath

of Attestation \* Be it therefore declared and enacted, That any Oath and Attestation of Service heretofore or hereafter taken and made to His Majesty, is and shall be deemed and construed to be an Oath of Service to His Majesty's Heirs and Successors as the So* vereign of the Realm for the time being, as fully and effectually, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Words, Heirs and Successors had been inserted in any such Oath or Attestation.

LXXXI* And be it further enacted, That no Master in Scotland shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act, enlist as a Marine, uoleft such Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of at least Four Years by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticcftup duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland* prior to the Period of Enbftment, and unless such Contract or Indenture so duly executed shall within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticefiiip, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been mdorfed thereon by such Justice, a Certificate or Declaration signed by Itim, fpedfying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby inquired to indorse and figu, and un* less such Apprentice shall when claimed by such Master be under Twenty one Years of Age, and unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left hit Service, so before some Justice of the Peace, and before such Justice of the reace take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C.) I Provided always that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to daim and recover any such Apprentice in the Form and Manner above dhnested, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a left Term than Seven Years in England, Five Years in Ireland\ or in the I Hands of Gnemfey, Jersey, Alder* ney* Sark* or Man, or Four Years in Scotland

CAP.

56° GEO. III.

C.1S.

89

cap. xn.

An Act for exhUdng a Bill in this present Parliament, for jutmalizing His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meiffen, Landgrave of Tburin-gw*. Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld. [28th March i8l<$«]

WHEREAS His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, siting in the Name and on the Behalf of His Most Sacred Ms-Ay, has, to the unmrfal Joy and Satisfaction of His Majesty's Sribjt&s, judged it proper that an Alliance fltould be contracted xtam the Family of His Majesty and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meiffen,

Lnhwe of Thwtrtmgneny Prince of Cobourr of Saalfeld; ana has therefore, in the Name and on Behalf of His Majesty, consented, with the fail Agreement of the Parties interested, that a Marriage fall be celebrated between the Most High and illustrious Princeft Charlotte AuguJUy Daughter of His Royal Highness The Prince of Wekt, Remit of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Mood, and His Serene Highness: And Whereas a more grateful Yraaf of the Eftcera and AfFedion of this Kingdom cannot be«given to His Serene Highness, than by an Act of Naturalization to make him capable of enjoying those Rights and Liberties which are enjoyed in tins Realm: And Whereas by an Act made in the 7 lac. 1. c. % Seventh Year of the Reign of King Janet the First, every Person is required to receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper witiria One Month before any Bill for Naturalization be exhibited, sad dfo to take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance in the Ptofouamt Hook, before his or her Bill be twice read: And 10.i. fat 4. Whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of His Majesty King*4*

George the First, it was enacted, that no Person shall be naturalized uakh in the Bill exhibited for that Purpose, a proper Clause or partkalag Words k infested to declare that such Person shall not thereby be enabled to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either Hosfe of Parliament, or to take any Office or Place of Tmft, other Civil or Military, or to have any Grant of Lands,

Tenements nr Hereditaments from The Crown, to himself or any other Person in Tnift for him; and that no Bill should from thenceforth be received in either House of Parliament, unless such Chufo or Words be first inserted or contained therein $' Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commas, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fuse. That a Bill for the Naturalization of the His B91 exhibited Seme Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, .Margrave without Ctafr of Metfm, Landgrave of Tbnringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld, mentioned in without the Clause or particular Words directed by the said last riCIti9seated Ad to be inserted, and without his receiving the Sacrament, c* er taking the Oaths by the first recited Act required, shall and may he exhibited and brought into this Parliament and twice read; the fcl periled Acts, or any other Law, Statute, Matter or Thing dmSoenr to the contrary netwithstanding,

D4

CAP.

40

C.18.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1S1&

His Serene Highness after taking Oaths, deemed natural born Subject.

Certificate recorded in Court of Chancery.

His Majesty to fire him Precedence and Rank.

cap. xni.

An Act for the Naturalization of His Serene Highnefa Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meiffen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfelds and settling his Precedence. [29th March 18x6.3

WHEREAS His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of His Mod Sacred Majesty, has, to the universal Joy and Satisfaction of His Majesty's Sub-

jeds, judged it proper that an Alliance should be contracted between the Family of His Majesty and His Serene Highness Leopold Georre Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Massen, Landgrave of Tburtnguen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld; and has therefore, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, consented, with the full Agreement of the Parties interested, that a Marriage should be celebrated between the Most High and Illustrious Prmcefa Charlotte Augufa, Daughter of His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales, Regent of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and His Serene Highness: And Whereas a more grateful Proof of the Esteem and Atte&ion of this Kingdom cannot be given to His Serene Highness, than by an Act of Naturalization to make him capable of enjoying those Rights and Liberties which are enjoyed in this Realm; ' We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord's Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meiffen, Landgrave of Tburtnguen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld, when and so soon as he shall have taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Lord High Chancellor, which Oaths the Lord High Chancellor is hereby authorized to administer, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, deemed, taken and esteemed a natural born SubieA of this Kingdom, as if His Highness had been born within this Realm % any Law, Statute, Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord High Chancellor shall, immediately after such Oaths shall have been taken before him, certify the lame, and cause such Certificate to be recorded in the High Court of Chancery.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Marriage shall have been celebrated, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to give to the said Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meiffen, Landgrave of Tburtnguen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld, for ana during the Term of his natural Life, such Precedence and Rank before the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, and all other great Officers, and the Dukes (other than and except the Dukes of the Blood Royal), and all other Peers of this Realm, as His Majesty shall deem fit and proper; any Law9 Statute or Custom whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP.

AJD.U16.

56»GEO.HL

C.14-

41

CAP. XIV.

Ad M far empowering the Governor and Company of the Bat of England to advance the Sum of Six Millions toward the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eigh hundred and sixteen. [i ith April 1816, ]

Most Gracious Sovmigo,

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of

VY England are willing and have agreed to advance, towards

' the Supply granted to Your Majesty for the Service of the Year .

4 One thomfead eight hundred and sixteen, the Sum of Six Millions 4 os the Security of Exchequer Bills, to be made payable at the End 4 of Two Yean certain from the passing of this Act, and to continue 4 far Three Yean longer from such Period, subject to Repayment 4 upon Six Months' Notice, to be given at any time between the 4 Tenth Day of 03oher fa any Year and the Fifth Day of April 4 fallowing, either by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's 4 Tierifary tn the Bank of England, or by the Bank to the said Lords*CoaedfioaenNow, we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal ,

Subjeflmtbe Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland fa Parliament afiembkd, being deSrous to raise with as much Ease and Adrantage as possible to Your Majesty's Subjects the ucefiary Supplies far the Service of the present Year, do most humbly befall Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enfted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adrice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons fa this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of B*0* empeww-the Bank of England, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thou- MavJm* fend right handled and faventeen, to advance and lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer fidUanthorfaed to be issued under this Act, the Sum of Six Millions; axy thag contained fa any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary sfXwiwuding; and it &all also be lawful for the said Commissioners Tretfory to of His Mnefty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three?*k# or man at them, to cauie or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills cb"lucr to be made out, far any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of Six Millions, to.bear Date on the I)ay on which the same Chall aduafiy be issued, in the same or like Manner,

Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Dne&ioas, as are mricribed fa and by an Act passed in the Forty 48 0.3. «.*. eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act jer reflating the ifning amd paying off of Exchequer Bills.

II. Pftmded always, and be it further eiiacted, That during the No Attention Period the find Sum of Six Millions, and also the Sum of Three made in Usage Millions advanced by the said Governor and Company towards the permitting Stpfay of the Yew One thousand eight hundred and eight (<z), and wfawed without Interest by feveraf subsequent Acts, faall continue Exchequer m fefamced by the said Governor and Company, no Alteration shall Security of Bills, ^.wfafatfaUfage establilbed at the Exchequer, of permitting the &c. fadGonmor and Company to withdraw the Monies in the Receipt or the lufaqoer upon the Security of Exchequer Bills or Notes («)

of

2

.14.

56° CEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

48 G. 3. c, z. extended to AO.

Interest raid om Bills.

Proviso.

Proviso.

Proviso.

Exchequer Bills repaid out of any Supplies in the Year;

if sufficient Supplies not granted, out of Con-foUdated Fund.

of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the full Amount of such Monies so withdrawn, being deposited in the Chests of the Tellers of the Exchequer by the said Governor and Company; nor shall any of the Accounts now by Law directed to be kept at the Bank of England, by any Person or Persons employed either in the Receipt of the Public Revenue, or in issuing or paying the Public Expenditure, or in any other Employment or Department of Government, be withdrawn from thence during the above Period.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned Act, relating to Exchequer Bills, except as Bur as the same may be altered by Uns Alt, or be contrary to any of the Provisions thereof, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Billa to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and enedually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been originally authorized by the last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Proriloes had bees particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Interest at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per dnnum shall be payable yearly upon the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, out of any Aids or Supplies in the Receipt of His Majesfcy's Exchequer; and the whole of the said Exchequer Bills with all Interest due thereon shall be repaid to the said Governor and Company at the End of Two Years certain from the passing of thin Ad: Provided ntverthe-less, that it shall and may be lawful for the Bud Governor and Company to continue the Loan of the said Sum of Six Millions for Three Years longer from the Period when the same shall be so payable, fnbjed to Repayment upon Six Months* Notice being given between the Tenth Day of October in any Year and the Fifth Day of ^ri/ following, either by the said Lords Commissioners of His Majeny's Treasury to the said Governor and Company or by the said Governor and Company to the Bud Lords Commissioners: Provided always, that such Notice shall in no case be given before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seventeen \ Provided also, that Interest shall be paid annually upon all the said Exchequer Bills which shall continue and remain due to the said Governor and Company until the final Payment and Discharge thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Exchequer Bills, and all Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the First Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Current Year in which the said Sum of* Six Millions shall become due as aforesaid; and in case fufficieat Aida or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted, then all the said Exchequer Bills, with the Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any time or times, at or after such Period, shall be or remans in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Consolidated Fund (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as shall then be appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any Act or Acts of Par* liament in that behalf), and such Monies of the said Coufblkistrd Fund shall and may be issued and applied as soon as the same can be

regularly

I

kX

56° GEO. III.

49

C* 14, 15,

regatejrfitftJ and afoertaiwed, for sod towards paying off, cancelling udfiim such Escbequcr B3U mod Charge*, until the whole of 4alaB he paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money fuffdeat hr that Pupoh be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be pqaMe oa Demand to the respedhe Proprieton thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Marfa MM Mnkt flail he £o ifined out of the find Confohdatrd Fund, fall hoe iqlmi hn tine to d^ae be replaced by and out of the First Supplies to be then alter grunted by Parliament} any thing herein contained to the contrary notwshstanding.

CAP. XV.

An Act to cany into effect a Convention of Commerce, concluded between His Majesty and The United States of America. [i lth April 1816.]

1 WHEREAS a Convention of Commerce and Navigation has«W been concluded between His Majesty and The United States«of America: And Whereas it is expedient to give Effect to such*Parts of the £nd Convention as require the Sandioo of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by The Knag's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritoal and Temporal, and Conauas, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That upon the Importation, into any On Importation Pan of the United Kingdom, of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, bring the Growth, PxodndtioB or Manufacture erf any of the Territories of die United States of America, imported diredfc from higher Dutiev the had Territories, in any Ship or Vessel built in the Countries paid than if fan- belonging to the fad States, or any of them, or taken by any of the gjjfjj* Ships or Vdfcls of War belonging to the Government, or any of the Inhabitants of the hid States, having Commissions or Letters of Marque and Reprisal from the Government of the said States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, such Slap or Veffdbeing owned by taelSubjedh of the said States, of my of themTjand whereof the Matter and Three Fourths of the Mariners aw also Suhje&s of the said States, no higher or other Dimes frail be charged or paid, than such as are charged and payable open Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Hke Denomination or Dricription, being the Growth, Production or Manufedture of any of ihe Territories of the United States of America, and being imported in Bntj/H*mk Ships or Vessels navigated and registered accardaw to law; any flung contained in an Act passed in thd Forty amt^ Yew of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 49 G. 3. c.of« Ad fee refeeSog the feveroi Duties of CufUms chargeable in Great Britaii, and fer granting other Duties in lieu thereof, or any other Act, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XL And be it further eroded, That upon the Exportation from Oa Export of the United Kingdom of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the American Growth, Produajon or Manafadture of the said United Kingdom, or of His Majesty* Territories in Europe, direct to any of the Ter-of the United States of America, in any Ship or Vessel built paid, than if ex-mdaaflmi States, or condemned arPrize there, and being owned and ported in BSt^atritt hereinbefore mentioned, no higher or' other Duties shall BritUh Vtflfel*. M paid w payable than Inch an are charged or imposed upon such

Goods,

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816;

Like Bounties paid on Goods caponed to America in American Vef-i'ela, as if exported in British VeiTels.

Duties payable to Corporation of London, See. not affected.

Act may be

altered, to.

Continuance of

aa.

C.15, 16.

Goods, Wares or Merchandize, when exported in a Briti/khlull Ship or Vessel, navigated and rendered according to Law.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation from the United Kingdom of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the said United Kingdom, or any of His Majesty's Territories in Europe^ irf any Ship or Vessel built in the said United States of America, or condemned as Prize there, and being owned and navigated as hereinbefore mentioned, the same Bounty or Allowance shall be paid as at the time of such Exportation may be allowed, upon the Exportation thereof, in any 2?ri7//&-built Ship or Vessel, navigated and registered according to Law.

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this A ft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or in any wise alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baillage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London*, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate, within Great Britain; or any other special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law, but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force so long as the Convention between His Majesty and the United States of America shall continue in force.

CAP. XVI.

An Act; for better regulating the Offices of Receivers of Crown Rents. [nth April 1816.]

WHEREAS the Rents, Issues and Revenues of the Honors* Cadies, Lord ships. Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents*

Services or other Hereditaments and Possessions of The King's*Most Excellent Majesty, within the Ordering, Government and 4 Survey of the Court of Exchequer, have been usually heretofore*collected by Persons holding the Offices of Receivers of the Land*Revenues, in the fereral Counties in England and Wales in which ' such Possessions are situate, or the Deputies of such Persons: And 4 Whereas the Office or Offices of Receiver General of the Rents, Issues and Revenues of the said Possessions of The King's Mod 4 Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the several Counties 4 of EJfen % Hertford\ Middlesex, Norfolk and Huntingdosh and in the 4 City of London, is and are now held and enjoyed by Walker Lord*Bishop of Rochester, for his Life, by virtue of Letters Patent 4 bearing Date the Fifth Day of Jumef in the Twenty third .Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Office or Offices of 4 Receiver General of the Rents, Issues and Revenues of the dud 4 Possessions of His Majesty in the several other Counties, is and are held by Persons appointed thereto during the Pleasure of Hie 4 Majesty: And Whereas many of the dud Possessions and Estates 4 are held uader Leases from the Crown, and are of considerable* 4 annual Valtye*and it is expedient and necessary that Provision

4 should

iixnu.

56° GEO. III.

C.16.

45

ChottU hr made for the better CoUe&wn of the said Rents, Iffnes 4 and leRBsoes, and more effiedoal Superintendence of the hud 4 Bafiian and Estatet, and enforcing the due Cultivation and 4 linyeat thereof, and Observance and Performance of the'Cmuots and Engagements under which the Lefleet or Tenants'tkrenf hold the same: And Whereas it is necessary for carrying 4 Mato Execution the Purposes aforesaid, that the Appointment &

4 made by the said recited Letters Patent, so far as respects the

Other or Offices of Receiver of the Rents, I flues and Revenues ' of His Majesty* Honors, Cattles, Lordships, Manors, Lands,

4 Tenements, Rents, Services'and other Hereditaments and Poflefhoot, in the £ad Counties of EJex* Hertford* Norfolk and 4 Hnmtmgdom* and the Appointments of the several other Keceivers 4 afovcEasd, ffiaS oease, determine and be void, in the manner and at 4 the tones fpectfied in this Act; and that Compensation shall be made to the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rocbefier* in confldentkm 4 thereof, as hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pretent Parliament assembled, and hj the Authority of the same, That the said BMiofonfo-ceated Letters Patent, so far as respects the Appointment thereby chest*', Ap-madeef the £nd Walker Lord Bishop of Rocbefier* then Walker King

Clerk and Richard Burke Esquire, since deceased, to the Office and jfoGrarnktof Offices of Receiver General of all and Angular the Ifhies, Rents and Esse* Hertford; Revenues of all the Honors, CaiUes, Lord ships. Manors, Lands, Norfolk and Tenements, Rents, Services and other Hereditaments and Possessions HuirfngSoo, to-whatfever of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, within the Counties of Essex* Hertford* Norfolk and BmOamibm; and all Wages, Fees, Salaries, Allowances, Advantages n«wlUc«iv*n» and Emcframrnti thereby appointed to be received, taken and retained out of the Rents, Iffnes and Profits, to be levied, collected and received from and in the said several Counties of EJex* Hertford*

Norfolk and Huutingdou; and all and every Appointment and Ap- AppcfamentsC pointments made by certain Instruments commonly called a Con- oiler Re-fttudoo, under the Hand or under the Hand and Seal of any "^tocaafu Chaaceflor or Under Treasurer of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or by any other Instrument, Warrant, Order, Letter or Authority, of or from Inch Chancellor or Under Treasurer, of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to be Receiver General, Acting Receiver or Deputy Receiver of all or any of the Ifhies, Rents and Revenues of any of His Majesty'* Honors, Castles, Lordships, Manors, Lands,

Tenements Rents, Services and other Hereditaments and Possessions is all or any of the several other Counties within the Ordering,

Government, and Survey aforesaid; and all Wages, Fees, Salaries,

Allowances, Advantages and Emoluments, to be had, received or taken from or out of the Rents, Ifliies and Profits, to be levied, colkded and received by virtue of any such Appointment or Appointments, Office or Offices, shall, from and immediately after the Date of any Warrant or Warrants to be granted in pursuance of this Act, ter the Appointment of any new Receiver or Receivers of the ban lines, Rents and Revenues, ce&fe, end and determine.

IL And be it further enacted, That a Compensation and Satis- Compen&tkxi fi&a (Ul be made to the (Slid Walker Lord Bishop of Rocbefier to Bishop of fimstme to time, for the Loll which he will fuftaiu by reason of his Rochtft*r*

bid

Clift

66° GEO.IIL

JLD.1A10.

Quantum thereof to be settled by Referees or Umpire;

ebs may examine Whnefles «on Oath.

Comnenfetion.may be made to other Officers, if ComraUfiaoen fee fit.

frid Appointment being made void and determined as to the said Counties of Rtfr*, Hertford, Norfolk and Huntingdon, and of the Loss of the Wages, Fees, Salaries, Allowances, Advantages or Emoluments incident thereto, when and as the same shall respectively cease by means of any Warrant or Appointment made in purftance of this A ft; the Quantum or Amount of which Compensation or Satisfaction shall from time to time be referred to and ascertained by such Person as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forefhi and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenues (by and with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to be signified by any Minute of the said Lords Commissioners in Writing, or by Letter from any one of their Secretaries in purfoance of any such Minute 1, shall for that Purpose nominate and appoint on the Part of His Majesty, and by such indifferent Person as Audi be nominated and appointed on the Part of the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rochefier; and in case the Referees, so to be appointed as aforeurid, shall not agree between themselves touching or concerning the Quantum or Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction as afore* said, then the Quantum or Amount of every such Compensation or Satisfaction, so to be made to the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rochefier as aforesaid, shall be settled, ascertained and determined by such competent and indifferent Person as the said rospective Referees Audi, before they shall respectively proceed to the Consideration of the Matters so referred to them, by Writing under their Hands nominate and appoint to act as Umpire concerning the Premifet, and the Judgment and Determination of such Referees or Umpire therein shall be final, binding and conelusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and such Referees and Umpire are hereby respectively empowered to fend for Persons and Papers, and to examine Witnesses upon Oath, if necessary; which Oath any one of the Persons so to be nominated a Referee or Umpire as aforeffiid, is hereby authorized and empowered to administer.

III. And be it further eaacted, That if it shall appear to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time Ming, to be fit and proper that any Compensation or Satisfaction should be made to any other Receiver, Officer or Officers, whose Appointment shall cease or whose Office shall be discontinued by virtue or in consequence of this Act, for any Loss which be or they shall or may sustain by reason of the Cessation ctf his or their Appointment or Appointments, or the Loss or Discontinuance of his or their Office or Offices, or of any Wages, Fees, Salaries, Allowances, Advantages or Emoluments in respect thereof, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to make and allow unto any such Receiver or Officer as aforesaid, such Com* penfation or Allowance as they shall deem just and reasonable; which Compensation and Allowance, and also such Compensation and Allowance as shall be made to the said Walker Lord'Bishop of Rochefier by virtue of this Act, may be paid by the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury out of the Land Revenues of the Crown, or out of any Monies applicable as Land Revenues of the Crown i but this Act, or any thing herein contained is not to vest in or give to any Receiver, Officer or Officers, other than and except

AJXltlfc 66* GEO. III. C.ifc

Wa6mr laid Bsfeon of RocbeJUrf anj Right or Tide to cbamardemand amy Sotiih&ioB or Compen&Uon vraatfeever, for or in i^bA of fij of the Matters afanhid.

IT. And be k farther ended. That the Cotniniffoners for the tire fang of His Unfty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or fk Sawyur GenenI for the time being of His Majesty's Land itfamn, flmil, at toon as conveniently may be after the passing of do Ad, and from time to time thereafter when and as occasioa frail leqine, by and wkh die Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty* Treafiirv for the time being, or any Three or more of them, hodi Consent and Approbation to be signified by any Mhote of the said Lords Ceimniffiooers in Writing, or hr Letter from any One of their Secretaries in pnrfnance of any fnen Minute, nominate or appoint fneh and so many Persons, being by Prnfrffiwi and accaftomed to act as Surveyors of Lands or Land Strands, or otherwise lotted in the Management and Cultivation of Laadtf and competent to the Superintendence thereof, as they (hatt dink requisite or mecefiary to be Receivers of the Rents, I fines. Revenues ad Profit* of aH and lagular His Majesty's Honors, Calks, Losdftiaa, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Services

and Oder Hereditaments and Poffieffioas in the frurral Counties in Eagimd or IToks, within dm Ordering, Government and Survey of Hk Majestr's Court of Exchequer as afaresaid, (except, that during the Life of the God Walker Lord BiQtop of R$cbe^er % mo such Ap* pemtmeat frail extend to any of the said Fofleffiom which are situate in the Comtv of Middlr/ex, or in the City of London /) so at every such Pterion to to be nominated and appointed as afocefirid shall be tfhkrm widen the County, or any one County, (if his Appointment Maud to Two or more Counties, ) or any Hundred, District or Dmfrn, in or lor which he Audi he to appointed to act at such Recover as afbrefrid, and not elsewhere, unfels the Conurnffionevs for the char bring of His Myiv'i Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the find Surveyor General, wkh such Confrnt as aforesaid, frail think k expedient to dispense with such Reftdence; and that every such Appointment frail and may be made by Warrant under the Hands and Scab of any Two or more of the Commissioners far the time bong of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or under the Hand and Seal of the said Surveyor General for the dmehriagof His Majesty's Land Revenues, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners for the time being of Hk Mucky's Treafory, to be signified in manner aforesaid, and shall ffafc and determine in case the Person thereby appointed shall dif» Goorinue to reside in the said County, or same one County, Hundred, Diflrid or Dirifion, in or for which he shall be so appointed toiftn afrrefrid, nakfa such Residence shall be dispensed wkh in manner afuedaid; and every such Warrant may be in the Form or to the Eied in the Schedule marked (A.) annexed to this Act, or as near sad fianbr thereto aa Circumstances will permk, and shall be exempt from nay Stamp Doty whatever; and shall be enrolled within One Cdttdar Month after the Date thereof, in the Office of the Aaxdkor

ot hntitturt, or acting Auditor or Auditors, of His Majesty's Land Rtwwei for the County or Counties, Hundred or District, comprised k Wh Warrant, who frail receive and be entitled to the usual Fees hr usiKfag the fiuac; and such Auditor or Auditors, or mcting

Auditor

7

LaoS Surety of* to be appointed Receivers in

futures

such Receivers to be unseat in their Distridb.

Form of Ay poiatmem.

Appointment to be enrolled.

Rental delivered to Receiver*

C.16.

56° GEO. III,

A.D. J

Putiei of Rectirers.

Receiver to tmftntt Report to Commissioo-«rt of State of Fktaufcc.

Accounts to b« nnuilly made up and feat to Commissionen of Woods, Ax.

Auditor or Auditors, Audi, within One Calendar Month froi Date of the Enrolment of such Warrant, deliver or caule to b livered to the Receiver thereby appointed, a true and- perfect R of the Land Revenue within the Division of Receipt of such ceiver, as such Revenue shall then (land in charge before such Aw or Auditors, or acting Auditor or Auditors, and shall from tin time thereafter amend and rectify such Rental when necessary, duly give in charge to be collected by such Receiver, and shall chj in Account against such Receiver all Sums of Land Revenue wi shall or may in any wise come in Charge before him or them.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Receiver so to be pointed as aforesaid shall and he is hereby required once at lead every Year to view and survey every Part of the Estate or E (bates, Hues, Rents, Revenues or Profits whereof shall he in his Coiled/ or Receipt save and except such Parts thereof as shall be charges only with the Payment of a Fee Farm or Quit Rent), and to cxami and insped the Field Book or Books, if any, kept by the Lessee Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants thereof, ai which Book every such Lessee, Occupier or Tenant, or other Peril having the Custody thereof, is hereby required to produce to era such Receiver upon Demand, and to permit him to insped ar examine the same; and every such Receiver shall and if hereby it quired, within Two Calendar Months after each such Survey (ha be so made or taken as aforesaid, to transmit to the Commissioners so the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Foreils and Land Revenues or to the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Lam Revenues, a true and faithful Report in Writing of the actual Stott and Condition of the Premises, and of the Cultivation and Manage ment thereof at the time of such View and Survey, and bow far tbt Covenants and Agreements under which the same shall be then held by the Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants thereof, have been observed and performed, or whether the same have been in any and what Respects broken or infringed, and all such Circumstances relating thereto as shall come to the Knowledge of tbs laid Receiver, or respecting which he shall have obtained Information in the Course of his feid Survey or otherwise, togetlier with his Opinion thereon $ and if any Alterations in the Mode of cultivating or managing such Efbates shall appear to him to be expedient or requite, he Audi rate the same in such Report, and his Reasons for thinking the same fit or proper to be adopted.

VI* And be it further enacted, That every such Receiver so to be appointed as aforesaid shall and he is hereby required to make up, or canfe to be made up annually, an Account in Writing of all Sums of Money whatsoever which shall have become due and payable unto His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and which such Receiver, by virtue of such his Office as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons by any Authority from him, or by or with his Privity, Consent or Directoo, shall at any time have collected, gotten in or received, in rtfjped of any of the Possessions of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succefioi* of which he shall be so appointed Receiver as aforesaid, and of all such Payments, Allowances or Deductions as shall have been made thereout by him to any Person or Persons; the First of which Accounts shall be made up to the Tenth Day of October next ensuing the Date of the Warrant of Appointment of such Receiver! and every

succeeding

A.D.n\t

ws°GEoan.

C.16.

49

fecceefiy Accoant shall begin from the End of the former Ac* i combed be node np to the Tenth Day of QBoktr in the following I Yer/sd neryfuch Receiver shall transmit such Account within i Sr Okuhr Months after the Expiration of the Day or time to I rirtikdnne (fcafl or ought to be (o made up aa aforefhid to the I fi — fjRnnrn for the time being of His Majesty'a Wood*, ForefU i wi Lmd Revenues, or to the said Surveyor General for the time Ijmg of His Majestr'a Land Revenue*, or at or within such other 'food or time as such Receiver shall be required, by Notice in Writing from the said lift taentioned Conuniffiooers or the said Surveyor General, to transmit the same.

VIL And be it further enacted, That every such Account, when fb tnofakted, shall be examined, checked and inspected in the Office of the (mdCbrnmissioners of Hi* M^efty'* Woods, ForefU and Land Rcvmoo, or of the foid Surveyor General; and when so examined and approved by such Commissiooers or Surveyor General, shall be h&reredover to the Auditor or Auditors, or his or their Deputy or Depedcsioi^time being, or to the acting Auditor or Auditors for the time being of the DiSrid in which the Estates and Pofiessions tflBEcW in such Account shall be fatuate; or if the Duties now performed by ar in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue tan be then transferred to any other Office, then every such Account M be b&wed over to such other Office; and such Auditor or Auditors, or bu or their Deputy or Deputies, or acting Auditor or ksfitas, or the Ferfon or Persons to whom the Duty of auditing such Account* and making up the same for Declaration shall then be transferred, stall, and he or they is and are hereby required, within Tim Pindar Months after the Receipt thereof, to examine, try and and every loch Account; and when so examined, tried and iw&ed by bin or them, to make up, or cause the same to be made of, according to the Form ia which the Accounts of the Receivers of the Rents, /flues. Revenues and Profits of the Crown have been M tad accoflomed to be made up by the Auditor or Auditors thereof for Declaration; and when so made up shall be verified by the O^h of every such Receiver, which Oath any one of the Barons of the Cod «the Curfrtor Baron of the Exchequer, or any Commif-tioDtrfauktog Affidavits in the said Court of Exchequer, or any m of the Cwmissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forth ad Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General for the time hag of His Majesty'» Land Revenue, shall be and is hereby era-povtred to adimaister; and such Auditor or Auditors, or his or tier Deputy or Deputies, or acting Auditor or Auditors, or the Per* fa or PerfoM whole Duty it shall then be to prepare and make up 1'uch Account for Declaration, shall afterwards present or cause the ime Accoant to he piefented to the said Chancellor or Under Trea* lira, or my one of the Barons aforesaid, for Declaration; and when foddared, and the Balance thereon (if any shall be found due to His ftjtk his Hein or Successora) shall have been duly paid according inthKreSkai herein contained, a Quietus or Acquittance from the Auditor or Auditors, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or such affim Auditor or Auditors, or from the Person or Persons to whom tkroiiow perfumed by or in the Office of the Auditor of the Lad inane shall be then transferred, shall be made out to such il(cenf«r, hiHeirf, Executors or Administrators, in the usual Form, 56 Co, III. E and

Account* to be checked and examined in Office of Wood*.

To be finally passed by Audi*

Oath taken by the Receiver.

Quietus.

SO

C.l«.

S6n GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

PunUhment for taking falTe Oath.

Perjury.

Balances and Sums in Receiver's Hands, in what manner to be drawn out and applied.

Receiver's

Allowance.

and which Quietus or Acquittance shall be a full and perfect Discharge to such Receiver, for or in respect of all Monies received by him and comprised in such Account.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Receiver or Accountant shall wilfully forswear himself in regard to any Article, Matter or Thin? relating to such Account, then such Receiver or Accountant shall and may be prosecuted for the same; and upon Conviction thereof, shall be subject and liable to such and the lame Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Peijury axe by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Balances due or to become due to His Majesty on the periodically making up of such Accounts by the Auditor or Auditors thereof, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or the idling Auditor or Auditors as aforesaid, or by the Person or Persons to whom the Duty of making up the same shall be then transferred; and all such Sum or Sums of Money as prior to the ascertaining such Balances shall be from time to time required to be paid on account or in respect: thereof, either by any Debenture or Debentures, or Instruments in Writing from the said Auditor or Auditors, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or the acting Auditor or Auditors, or the Person or Persons to whom the Dudes ta>w performed by or in the Offices of the Auditor of the Land Revenue shall be then transferred, by virtue or in pursuance of any Warrant from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty*8 Treasury for the rime being, or any Three of them, or by any Order m Writing from the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or from the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, shall be paid over by such Receiver as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, at such time or times, Office or Place, and in such manner as he shall be directed or required by any such Debenture, Instrument or Order to pay the same 5 and in Default of such Direction or Requiiition, then to such Person or Persons, and in such manner, and at such time or times, and Office or Place, as the Receivers of His Majesty's Land Revenues were immediately before the passing of this Act, by the Laws and Statutes then in force, and the Usage and Practice in that Behalf, bound or required to answer, rendei' and pay the Monies in their Hands, on the Balances of their respective Accounts.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Receiver shall have and be allowed, and shall and may chaige, retain and dedud, in making up such his annual Accounts as aforesaid, One twentieth Fart of aft such Monies as shall by him have been received within the time comprised in such Account, and shall be therein duly accounted for, as and for a Compensation for his Trouble in collecting and receiving the same Monies, and as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for all the Services to be performed by him in pursuance of this Act, or in Execution of any of the Duties of his said Office, or such other Compensation not exceeding such One twentieth Part as aforesaid, as the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty* Land Revenues, shall, by and with the Consent ana Approbation of the Lords Commissioners for the rime being of His Majesty* Treasury, to be (ignifted in manner aforesaid, from time to time order, direct or allow*.

XL And

AIXlSll

36* GEO. Ilk

Cl

1L And btk farther cnaAcd, That if sty Leflce ocLdTees, Ooi cnpaOccupin, Tenant ? Tenants, of any Estates or Pofiefliona of dr Crown, the annual Rent or annual Value whereof dull exceed dr Smi of One hundred Pounds, shall be m arrear, or bold in hit or BhrJHeda or Cnftody any Rent or Renta or mefae Profits, or other Jhafiti belonging the Crown anting from the Cud Estate* or Poflef-fiaas far the Space of Three Calends' Months after the same shall hue become dor9 and after he or they shall hare been applied to, either personalfy or by Letter from the Receiver for the Payment thereof, without paying oner the same to the Receiver authorized and em-povsesedta receive the same; then and in such case every such Persan, liable to the Pay neat of and who ought to have paid die same* shall he charged and chargeable with Interest for such Arrear, to be calculated after the Rate of Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by die far, upon the Sum or respective Sums (o in Arrear, from the £hy er rime, Days or torn, at which each Half yearly Payment of the had Rent fio in arrear became due, up to the Day or time at or upon which the same shall be actually paid; and that such Interest hall and may be added to the Rent or me foe Profit so in arrear as afaeesaid, and shall be recovered and received by the lame Ways and Means is any Rent in arrear ie by Law recoverable, together with all Coda and Expencea to be sustained or incurred in or about the Recovery thereof

KIL And be it further enacted, That in case any such Receiver or Recovers as aforesaid shall at any time have received or got into fafa or tfadr Hands any Sum or Sums of Money belonging to the Crown, exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and shall not wbhin One Calendar Month after the Receipt thereof give Notice thereof u 'Writing to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Eorefts and Land Revenues, or to the said Surveyor General, to the latent that the same may from time to time thereafter he drawn out, called far or applied as Occasion may require; then and in such case every such Receiver shall be charged and chargeable with latmft for every such Sum after the Rate above mentioned, from the Day or time. Days or times, at which it shall have been fa neared, until it shall be drawn out of his Hands, or paid over by him to the proper Officer, Commissioners, or other Persons by Law entitled to receive the same.

XllL And be it further eroded, That it shall be lawful for every Perfeo who shall be so appointed Receiver as aforesaid* and he is hereby authorized and empowered, by virtue of such his Appointment, alone sod without any farther Order, Warrant or Authority whatsoever, by lumself, or any Persan whom he shall for that Purpose depute, to make my Dtfbefe or Diftrefie* far any Rent or Rents winch shall be dm»asrear or unpaid from any LeSise or Lessees, .Occupier or Occopion, Tenant or Tenants, of any of the Effatea or PoflefGon* which shall be in the CoUe&ion, Receipt, or Management of such Recciwt, and tbn Goods, Chattels and Effects fa di{trained, to im-paudffall and dispose of; and all Sheriffs, Mayors, Justices, Bailiffs, CuiaMcs, Hmdhorougha aid other Officers and Miniilers of Justice, ntherrbr dueled and required to be aiding and assisting such Renter hi* Substitute in the making such Diftrefa or Diftresses, and the ewadfag* fdbog and disposing of the Goods, Chattels or Ef-fats he taken, or diftnaned, and in all other Matters relating ( E 2 ' thereto*

U0M rod

Tenants m arrear to pay

Interest.

Five Pounds per

Cent, per Annum.

Receivers keeping Money in Hand, or concealing Receipts of Money charged with Inured.

Receivers empowered to dfr train for Rents in arrear.

52

Proviso.

Receiver to give Security to account, and for due Execution of hit Office.

Form ot Security.

Enrolled.

Pnrnfo for Possessions in the County of Middlesex or City of London, during the Life of Walker Bishop of Ro* chester.

C. 16. 36 GEO. III. A.D. 1816.

thereto, or to the Execution of the said Office, as Occasion (kail require s Provided always, that every such Receiver shall, and he ia hereby required, in making or causing to be made any such Distress, and in relation to any Question or Questions at Law or otherwise which may arise thereupon, to obey and conform to all such Orders and Regulations as shall be given him in that Behalf by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue*, or the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenue.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Person so to be appointed Receiver as aforesaid, shall, before he shall exercise or execute the said Office, or anywise intermeddle in the Exercise or Execution thereof, enter into a Bond or Obligation, in such Penalty and with such Sureties as the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty'a Treasury, to be signified in manner aforesaid, shall direct or require for the faithfully answering and accounting for the Rents, Issues, Revenues and Profits, to be by him received by virtue of such his Appointment; and for the doing, executing and performing all such Services and Duties as are hereby required, or shall in manner aforesaid by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or by the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General, with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to be signified in manner aforesaid, be from time to time, by any Minute, Order or Writing, directed or required to be done or performed in relation to such Office as aforesaid; and every such Bond may be in the Form or to the Effeffc in the Schedule marked (B.) to this Act annexed, or as near and similar thereto a9 Circumstances will permit, and shall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever, and shall have the Effect of a Statute Staple to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for the answering and Payment of all and every Sum or Sums to become payable by virtue thereof, and shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Premises to which the same relates, within the Space of One Calendar Month next after the Date thereof, to whom the usual and accustomed Fees shall be paid for enrolling the same, and shall be deposited and kept in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or of the said Surveyor General for the time being.

XV. Provided always, That during the Life of the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rochester> this Act or any thing herein contained shall not extend to any of His Majesty's Honors, Lordships, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Possessions or Hereditaments, which are situate within the County of Middlesex or the City of Londo», or to determine or vacate the Office of Receiver of the I dues, Renta and Revenues thereof, so held by the said Walker Lord Bishop of Rocbefier, under or by virtue of the said Letters Patent, but that the find Letters Patent and the Appointment thereby made, so far as respects such Honors, Lordships, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Possessions and Hereditaments, in the said County of Middle* sex, and in the said City of London, and the Rents and Revenues thereof, and the Office of Receiver thereof, shall be sad remain as

15 valid

56° GEO. III.

C.16.

as

'valid aaddTectual, and he the said Waller Lord Bishop of Raebe/ler^ by hhafdf and hit Deputy or Deputies, shall continue to receive the IfTuef, Rents and Revenues thereof, and to pass his Accounts in regard thereto, in such or the like manner, and to have such and the Eke Fees, Salaries, Allowances or Emoluments, in respect of such h& mentioned Honors, Lord ships, Manors, Mefliiages, Lands, . Tenements, Possessions and Hereditaments, as if this A A had never been palied; and that no Bond, Obligation or other Security, given or entered into by the said Waller Lord Bifl&op of Roebefien or any Person or Persons as his Surety or Sureties for the due Execution of his said Office, shall be in any manner vacated, annulled, rendered void or prejudiced by this present Act; but that every such Bond, Obligation or Security shall be, remain and continue in full Force and Effect, with reference to the said PofieiEons in the said County of Middlefox and in the said City of London, any thing herein contained or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That from and after After Decetfv the Decease of the said Waller Lord Bishop of Rocbetter, all the Re- of Bishop, Regulations, Directions, Powers, Clauses and Provisions herein contained uf Ad

mall extend to comprise and be applicable to the said Honors, Lord- 2 ships. Manors, Mefliiages* Lands, Tenements, Possessions and Here-^County of ditamenu, in the County of Middkfe* % and in the City of London, Middlesex and and the Rents and Revenues thereof, and the Appointment of all sub- City of London, sequent Receivers thereof, which Receivers may be Surveyors of Lands or of Houses, or other competent Persons, as fully an deffed-ually, and in such and the like manner as if such Honors, Lord ships, .

Manors, Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Possessions had been originally included in and subjected to the said Regulations,

Directions, Powers, Clauses and Provisions of this Act.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Auditor'* Fes thing herein contained, or to be done in pursuance hereof, shall not "<*. to extend or be construed to take away, abridge or diminish any of the abrid*d " Fen, Perquisites or Allowances which the several Auditors of His iWIy y*Majesty's Land Revenues have been used and accustomed to take, receive, or be allowed, for the Execution of any of the Duties of their itfpediw Offices before the passing of this Act.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM OF APPOINTMENT OF A RECEIVER.

By the Commissionere of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues [or, by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenues].

TO all to whom these Presents shall come, We

and Two of the Commissioners

of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, [or, I

Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenues] lend greeting: Know ye, that we the said and [or, I the said

] reposing especial Trust and Confidence in the Cut, Skill and Probity of if. B, of in

the Corny of Land Surveyor, (by virtue and in

E 3 exercise

G.16.

66° GEO* IIL

A.D.ltflA

exerdfe of the Powers and Authorities veiled in us [or, in me] by an Act passed in the Fifty firth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Georre the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act], by and whn the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Coromif-fionera of His Majesty's Treasury, ) have nominated, constit tried and 'appointed, and by this our [or, my] Warrant do nominate, constitute and appoint the said A. B. to be Receiver of the Rents, ifsues, Revenues and Profits of all and singular His Majesty'a Honors, Castles, Lordships, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Services and other Hereditaments and Possessions whatsoever in the [insert the Counties, DtfhiBs, Divisions or Places to which the Appointment is meant to extend] together with all Arrears thereof: To have and to hold the said Office and Offices unto the said A, B. during His Majesty's Pleasure, or until the Lords Comnoissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, or the said Commissioners of His hfajesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or any Two of them, or the said Surveyor General, by any fnftrunfent or Document in Writing shall determine the Appointment hereby made; he the Cud

A. B. having, taking and retaining out of the Rents, Issues, Revenues and Profits aforesaid during his Continuance in the said Office, and for the Performance and Execution of the Duties thereof, [here insert the Allowance of One twentieth Part, or fitch other Compensation as shall he avreed to he allowed]: Provided always, that if the said A. B. shall not diligently and faithfully levy, collect and receive the Rents, Miies, Revenues and Profits aforeCud, and pay and apply the same in the manner directed and required by the said Act, or (haQ not duly and faithfully account for all such his Receipts within the times thereby appointed or to be appointed in pursuance thereof, for the rendering such Accounts, or if he shall not duly and faithfully execute -and perform all other the Duties of the said Office of Receiver [and if Local Rtjidence he required, then say! or if he shall ce&fe or discontinne to dwell and rende within the said [insert the Counties or DifiriOs] or some or one of them, or if these r relents Stall not be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the County or Counties of [mfirt the Counties or DiflriBe] afbvefiud, witiun the Space of next after the Date hereof $ then and in

either of such cases, these Presents and (he Appointment hereby made shall be void and of no Effect. In Witness whereof we the said

and [or, I the said

] have to this our [or, my] Warrant, set our Hands and Seals, [or, my Hand and Seal] the Day of in the Year of the Reign

of our Sovereign Lord and in the Year of our

Lord

Signed, sealed and delivered by the above

named

is the Presence of

56* GEO* 111

CIS.

SCHEDULE (B.) FORM OF BOND.

KNOW* Mc« by thdle Present* Th* wc, J.& ot C.

and E.F.

of

we Md aed firmly bound to our Sovereign Lord [insert the Kmft Name} by the Grace of God, of the Uuted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* King, Defender of tie Faith, in the Sum of \jnfert the Penalty] Pounds of lawful Money of the said United Khedom, current in Great Britain* to be paid to oor said Lord

Ins Heirs and Successors; for which Payment well to be made. We bind ourselyes, and every of us, jointly and ftmnltj* far and in the whole, our Heirs, Executors and Adnhnstrators, and every of them, firmly by these Prefeats, feakd with our Seals. Dated the Day of

in the Year of the Reign of the said

King, and in the Year of our Lord

WHEREAS the above bounden A* B. hath been recommended aa a proper Parfen to he appointed Receiver General, and the Confine tod Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of Hit Mnk&f* Tieafory hath been obtained for appointing the said A. B. to be^ end he is accordingly about to be appointed Receiver General of aO and fingolar the Rents, Iflbes, Revenues and Profits of Hit M^ehy's Honors, Cadies, Lordflups, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rems, Servieea and other Hereditaments and Pofiessiont, situate in the ^fiere «nfert the Cemtiiee, Ds/bi*i, Dini/jonj or Places intended to he compnftd in the Jhfomtment} together with all Arrears thereof, during His Makiy's rtnsure, or until the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Tremary, or any Three of them, or the Commissioners of His Maftdy's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or any Two of them, or the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Laid Revenues, by any Indrument or Document in Writing, flail determine rich Appointment: Now the Condition of the above written OUwarion is such, That if the said A* B. da0 an4 do mn rime to rime, and at all times after such Appointment dell he made, so loog as he Audi continue in the said Office, wed and truly coUcdfc, get in and receive, or use his bed Endeavours west md truly to collect, get in tod receive, all and Angular the Rents, lines. Revenues and Profits which shall arise or grow due to His shall have arisen or grown due and remain in Ar-mr to His liriedy, his Hems or Successors, from or out of or for or in lefped of His Matjesty^s said Honors, Cattles, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Services and other Hereditaments and Possessions, of wrick he the said A* B. Audi be so appointed Receiver as

tfercfindj and rife if he the said A. B. shall and do from

trite to tune, for and during so long time aa he shall continue in the fail Office, well and fiuthmlly make up, or cause to be made up Watty, a true and perfedk Account in Writing of all Sums of Racy whatsoever, which Audi have arisen or become due and pay-too His Majesty, bit Hein or Successors, and which he the said A.h. by virtue of his Cud Office, or any Person or Per*

foot by mj Authority from him, or by or with his Privity, Consent er Duedris, dull at any trim have levied, colleftid pr received, in

E 4

respect

C.16.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

respect of any of the Estates or Possessions of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successore, of which he the said A. B. shall be so

appointed Receiver as aforesaid; and do and shall transmit the same Account to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, at or within such time or times as is or are in and by an Act passed in the Fifty Hath Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [ in/ert the Title of this AS\ directed in that Behalf, or as the said Commissioners or Surveyor General shall, by any Order in Writing, from time to time require, and do and shall pass and verify every such Account in the manner directed by the said Act; and if he the said A. B. do and shall well and truly answer and pay all such Balances as shall be or become due to His Majesty upon the periodically making up of every such Account as aforesaid, and all such Sum or Sums or Money as shall be from time to time required to be. paid on account thereof prior to the afoertaining such Balances, either by any Debenture or Instrument in Writing from the Auditor or acting Auditor, or by any Order in Writing from the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or any two of them, or from the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, to such Person or Persons, at such time or times, and Office or Place; and in such manner as he the said A. B. shall be directed or required by any such Debenture, Instrument or Order to pay the same; and in default of such Direction or Requisition, to such Persons, and in such manner, and at such time or times as the Receivers of His Majesty's Land Revenues were immediately before the passing the said Act, by the Laws and Statutes then in force and the Usage and Practice in that Behalf bound or required to answer, render and pay the Balances of their respective Accounts and any Sums of Money on account of such Balances; and if the said A. B. do and shall, once at least in every Year so long as he shall continue in the said Office, view and survey every Part of all such Estates of which he shall be so appointed Receiver as aforesaid, as he shall in the Execution of the Duties of his said Office, under the Provisions of the said Act, be required to view and survey, and examine and inspect the Field Books kept by the Lefiee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants thereof xespectively, and do and shall, within Two Calendar Months after every such Survey shall be made or taken as aforesaid, transmit to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, a true and faithful Report in Writing of the State and Condition of the Estates and Premise*£o surveyed, and of the Cultivation and Management thereof, and how far the Covenants or Agreements under which the same are or shall be held have been observed or performed, or whether the same have been in any and what respe6U broken or infringed, and all such Circumstances relating thereto as shall have come to the Knowledge of him the said A* B. or respecting which he shall have obtained Information in the Course of his said Survey or otherwise, together with his Opinion thereon; and if he the said A. B. shall and do within the Space of One Calendar Month after he shall at any time have received or got into his Hands any Sum or Sums of Money belonging to The Crown, exceeding the Sum of Five hundred

56° GEO. III.

57

C. 16, 17.

dred Pounds, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty't Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the said Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty'i Land Revenues; and also if he the said A* B. (half and do, during so long time as he shall continue in the said Office, well and truly execute all such Duties as are required by the said Act to be performed by Persons holding any such Office, and observe, obey, perform and execute all such Orders, Rules and Instru&ons as ne hath received or shall from time to time receive from the Lords Coin* missioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, (to be signibed by any Minute of the said Lords Commissioners in Writing, or by Letter front any One of their Secretaries in pursuance of any such Minute, ) or from the Chancellor or Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, or from the Commissioners for the time being of JHis Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or any Two of them, or from the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, touching or concerning the Premises or the Execution of the Office or Employment aforesaid; and if he the said A. 3. shall and do in all other Respects faithfully and truly execute and perform the Duties of the said Office, and all the Trustt which shall be reposed in him as such Officer as aforesaid, then the above written Obligation shall be void, otherwise the same shall be and remain in full Force and Virtue.

Signed, sealed and delivered by the above*) named v

in the Presence of j

CAP. XVII.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain. [nth April 1816.]

WHEREAS several of the additional Duties of Excise granted

' W by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of 43 G* 3* c. 8x.

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to If is Majesty

until Tmlve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty

of Peace, certain additional Duties of Eueife in Great Britain, and

certain additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff imported

into Great Britain, granted by an Act made in the Forty sixth 4$ G. 3. c. 39.

4 Year of His laid Majesty's Reign, and the Duties inserted, described

4 and set forth in the Schedule marked (B) annexed to another Act 4 made in the Forty sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, and 46 G. 3. c.ioa. 4 certain additional Duties of Excise on Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitsc 4 or Strong Waters, imported into Great Britain, granted by another 4 Ad made in the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, 47 c*7*

4 would have expired at certain limited times after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace had not the same been continued:

4 And Whereas the same were and are by an Act made in the Fifty 55 3*c*7-

4 fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign continued until and upon 4 the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred apd sixteen,

and it is expedient further to continue, the same in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore eaaded by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That such of Duties con

the tinued by

C.17, 18, 19.

56° GEO. Ilf.

AD. 1810*

55 G. 3. c.»7. further continued till July 5, 1821. except Malt*

49 G 3- c 9s*

Sch (A.)

Export Duty on Lead fulpended.

47 G 3. c. M.

the said Duties of Excise by the said Acts granted as are not repealed nor made perpetual, and would expire before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and are by the said Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty continued until and upon the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be and the same respectively are hereby further continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, save and except the Duties on Malt made in England and Scotland, \ or brought from Scotland into England, granted by the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

CAP. XVHL An Act to suspend, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Duty on Lead exported from Great Britain. £ 11 th April 18x6.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty9# Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the 4 fevoral Duties of Cnfioms chargeable in Great Britain, and for grants ing other Duties in lieu thereof; and by one certain Schedule marked 4 (A.) Outwards, annexed to the said Act, a Duty of Customs*is to be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his 4 Heirs and Succcfibrs, in ready Money, of Three Pounds and 1 Ten Shillings upon Lead, cast or uncast, the Ton contaimngTwentj ' hundred Weight, exported from Great Britain: And Whereas it 4 is expedient to suspend for a limited time the said DutyBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act the Payment of the said Duty for or in respect of such Lead, on the Exportation thereof from any Part of Great Britain % shall be suspended until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar exported. [1 xth April 1816.]

WHEREAS an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar was granted and allowed by an Act passed in the Forty 4 seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled Am AS to allow 1 for Two Tears from and after the patting of this AS an additional 4 Bounty on double refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on 4 other refined Sugar to such as Jhatt be pounded, crafted or broken ;and to, allow for One Tear certain Bounties on British Plantation 4 raw Smear exported; an d which said additional Bounty on double*refined Sugar has been by several subsegnent Acts continued until*the Fifth Day of April < jne thousand tight hundred and sixteen; 4 And Whereat it is expedient that the said additional Bounty on*double refined Sugar fhoi dd be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's file ift Excellent Msyefty, by and with the

Advice

«T GEO.IIL

59

Aim sad Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Conwn, in this present Parliament affeinbled, and by the An* xhoritj of the same. That the said additional Bounty on double Additionit refined Sugar shall be and the same is hereby revived and further con- °#L a

tinned from the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred s^/funher sod fix tern, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred continued, aa4 sixteen.

CAP. XX.

An Act to male further Provision for the Execution of the several A£ks relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland. [nth April 1816«]

WHEREAS the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland respedivtly, pursuant to the Powers and Authorities in them veiled by Law for that Purpose, have been used and accustomed to appoint, in mod for the several and respective Districts in Ireland (except the District of Dublin) % a Number of Sub Commissioners for the Purpofir of hearing, trying and determining all Complaatsand Informations for the Recovery of Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the several Acts in force in Ireland refartuijj r to the Revenues of Customs, Excise or Taxes respectively; and Three of such Sub Commissioners or the Majority of them, have been n£ed and accustomed to give Judgment and award Execution thereon: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether in cases where the Sub Commissioners of any District exceed Five in Number die Majority of such Sub Commissioners be not necessary to conihtute a competent Court to hear, try and determine any such Complaint or Information : For the removing of the said Doubts, he it eroded by The Bang's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Trot from and after the passing of this Act all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence against or any Breach of any Act or Acts in florae or to be in force in inland, relating to any of the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, which shall have been or shall be committed within any District in Ireland fexcept die District of Dublin), shall and may be heard, tried and determined before any Three or more of the Sub Commissioners of Customs and Post Dudes, or before any Three or more of the Sub Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes of such District, as the case may be, and that any and every Judgment or Execution which flail be given or awarded by the Majority fitting on the Trial of any such Complaint or Information shall be valid and effectual to act Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IL Provided always, and be it evaded. That nothing in this Act comained shall take away or in any manner affect the Remedy af Appeal provided for the Party or Parties aggrieved in and by an

Ad

Informations for Recovery of Fine* (except in District of Dub. lin) may be determined before Three Sub Commissioners.

Appeal.

60

C. 20- ,

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

14 5c is Car. a.

(1-J

46 G. 3. c. xo6.

Parties atid Witnesses 10 be summoned.

Colleton and Sub Commit (toners may iflTue Summons to Parties and Witnesses to appear on Trials of Information.

Penalty.

Goods seized may be claimed by Consignees on certain Conditions.

Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impofl upon His Majesty* his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein tnferted; or in and by Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty'8 Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues y Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties t and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise andTaxes, in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

III. And Whereas in and by the said recited Act made in the 4 Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty Charles the Second, it is amongst other things enacted, that 4 the Sub Commissioners as therein mentioned (hair be authorized

upon any Complaint or Information to proceed to Examination

of the Matter of Fast by summoning or cauiing Parties and Wit* 4 neflea to be summoned to appear before them by cauiing Summonses 4 in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk or other Officer thereunto appointed, to be left at the usual Place of Abode or Habitation of such Party or Witness: And Whereas it is expedient to 4 provide for the more easy and convenient issuing of such Summons 4 or Notice Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector of Customs or Excise, or any Person appointed by such Collectors respectively, or to and for any Sub Commissioner of the respective Distrisks, to sign and ifltie any Notice or Summons to Parties and Witneifes to appear on the Trial of any Complaint or Information exhibited in such District, and every such Notice or Summons which shall be so signed and issued shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been issued pursuant to the Directions and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King Charles the Second, any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and in case any rerfbn who shall be duly summoned to be a Witness as aforesaid shall neglect to appear witnout reasonable Excuse for such Neglect, or appearing shall refttfe to give his, her or their Testimony concerning the Matter in Question, every such Person for every such Neglect or Refusal shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be seized after the landing thereof in Ireland* for any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to any Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, it shall and may be lawful for the Consignee or Consignees thereof to claim such Goods, Wares and Merchandize on behalf of the Owner or Owners thereof, such Consignee or Consignees making an Affidavit before the Officer em. powered to receive such Claim o? the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of the real Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares wad Merchandize, and also giving Security by Bond to His Majesty, with Two sufficient Sureties to be previously approved of by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs for the District within which such Claim mall be entered, in the Penalty, of One* hundred Pounds, or such further Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, as shall be reasonably deemed sufficient by such Commissioners, CoUcdtor or

other

66° GEO. III.

C.20.

61

other Officers, to answer and pay the Costs which may be occasioned by fodi Claim, in case of the Condemnation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, such Costs to be taxed by the Chief Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer or his Deputy $ any thing in the before mentioned Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's 46G.3. c.io6. Reign, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary thereof not withftan ding.

9 V. And Whereas under and by virtue of the several Acts in Penalties to bo

force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things levied in British 4 under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Currency,

Port Duties, and of the said Commissioners of Jnland Excise and n? set 4 Taxes respectively, the several pecuniary Fines, Penalties and For- 'hint?

4 feitures inflicted or imposed by the said Acts are directed to be r

payable and to be paid and received in British Currency5' Be it further ended, That m suing for any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, it ihaJl not be necessary to specify, mention or set forth in the Complaint or Information, or in any Judgment given thereon, or in any Warrant to be issued founded upon such Judgment, the Currency in which such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture mall be paid or receivable, but every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied, recovered and paid, according to the Amount thereof in British Currency.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Goods, Wares or Mer- period allowed

chandize which may have been or may be warehoused or otherwise for clearing secured without Payment of Duty in Ireland, may be permitted and p00* war*' allowed to remain warehoused or otherwise secured beyond the Period*

now allowed by Law for clearing and taking the same from and e*out of Warehouse; and that the Period for which any Goods, Wares

or Merchandize are allowed by Law to be bonded or warehoused in

Ireland^ may be extended in like manner and under like Regulations

in Ireland) as are directed and required with respect to Goods ware*.

houfod in Great Britain, by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of 49 0.3. c. 106.

His piefent Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for allowing further

time for taking Goode out of Warehouse andpaying Duties thereon.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Pensdties and Forfeitures Penalties to be under this Act shall be paid and payable in Brityb Currency, and levied in Brhilh Ball be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied Currency.

in such manner and under fuen Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and exprelfed for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by the said recited Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by the said recited Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His prefect Majesty, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, \ relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fuHy and dfe&nally to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein repeated and reenacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for tie Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said recited Act of the fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Kac Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid» m pnmfcL

VttL And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, na_^amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present altered, fcc. fieffan of Parliament.

CAP.

C 21, 23.

56° GEO. III.

AJD.M18.

17 O.3. c.30.

*7 0.3. c. 16. 3> O.3. e. 3*.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to revive and continue, until Two Years after the Expiration of the Reftri£lions upon Payments in Cash by the Bank of England, an Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for reilraining the Negociation of Promifibry Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, in England*

Cuth April 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was paised in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining for a limited time the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange for Twenty Shillings and under Five Pounds: And Whereas the said Act was, by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, made perpetual: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said first recited Act, so far as the same relates to the making void of Promissory Notes, Drafts or Undertakings in Writing, payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof, for any Sum less than the Sum of Five Pounds in the whole, and also to the restraining the publishing or uttering and negociatmg of any such Notes, Drafts or Undertakings as aforesaid, was suspended until the First Day of May then next: And Whereas the said Act of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty hath by several subsequent Acts been continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and amended; and it is expedient that the same should be revived and further continued 5' Be h therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Act of the so far as suspend* Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, so far as the same suspends the said J7 0.3. c.30. Act of the Seventeenth Year aforesaid, shall be and the same is here-tinued! C°n- by revived from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and shall be further continued, as amended, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, until Two Years after the Expiration of the Reftfi6lion upon Payments in Cash by the Bank of England.

37G. 3-

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the more effectually detaining in Custody Napoleon Buonaparte* [r ith April 1816*}

4 Tff 7 HEREAS it is necessary for die Preservation of the Tranquillity of Europe, and for the general Safety, that 4 Napoleon Buonaparte should be detained and kept in Custody as is 4 hereinafter provided Be it therefore enacted; and it is hereby fnafted by Tue King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of For detaining the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs Napoleon and Successors, to detain and keep the said Napoleon Buonaparte in ?u2*3*rt4*° the Custody of such Person or Person % in such Place within His Custod* Majesty*

A.D. 1816.

56# GEO. III

C.21L

88

Majesty'* Dommions, and under such Restrictions, during the Pleasure of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall from time to time seem fit.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Napoleon Buonaparte % who shall bs bang m Inch Custody as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be, treated at a and shall be treated and dealt with at a Prisoner of War, except Prisoner of only m so far at by His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflbrt, shall at w, r*

any time, or from time to time, be other wise dirtied; and that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, bit Heirs and Succeflbrt, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of hit or their Principal Secretaries of State, to nominate and appoint such Person Appointing Per-or Persons, being His Majesty's Subject or Subie&s, as to His j°n»to have the Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflbrt, shall seem fit, to have the Custody Cuttocv*of the said Napoleon Buonaparte; and from time to time, by like to change tbs Warrant to change the Place, and to appoint such other Place, as to Phce;

His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall seem fit, in which the

find Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained and kept; and by like and to remove

Warrant to authorize and empower any Person and Persons to remove him.

the said Napoleon Buonaparte from the Place m which he now is, or

shall at any time hereafter be £o detained and kept, and to convey him

to such other Place as shall be so appointed as aforesaid; and that it For calling in

shaft and may be lawful for such Person and Persons so appointed or Affiflsacs.

to be appointed as aforesaid, to call to his or their Aid and Assistance

all or any Persons, beine Subjects of His Majesty, or owing Allegiance

to His Majesty, for the detaining and keeping the said Napoleon

Buonaparte in Custody as aforesaid, or for the removing or convey*.

ing him as aforesaid, as Occasion may require: And that all and Power to ufr

every such Person or Persons so appointed or to be appointed as Metm fcr do-

aforesaid, and all and every Person and Persons who shall be called

to his or their Aid and Affistance, shall have full Power and Authority uoo*p e*

to ule all Ways and Means for the detuning and keeping the said

Napoleon Buonaparte in such Custody, and for the Prevention of the

Rescue or Escape of the said Napoleon Buonaparte from and out of

facb Custody, and for the retaking the said Napoleon Buonaparte in

case he shall be refeued or shall escape from and out of the same,

an might be lawfully used for the detaining and keeping in Custody,

and tar preventing the Rescue or Escape of, and for the retaking any

Prifaaer of War.

III. And be h further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Persons refeuiof being a Subject or Subjects of or owing Allegiance to His Majesty, 1 or attempting»hk Hews or Successors, (ludl rescue or attempt to rescue the said 55fcu* 01 " Napoleon Buonaparte, or shall knowingly and wilfully aid or assist in*

the Escape of the said Napoleon Buonaparte, or in any Attempt to efcapei from such Custody as aforesaid, or from any Limits or Bounds wherein he now it or at any time hereafter shall or may be detained and kept in Custody as aforesaid, or in which he shall or may be fsfieved to go at large within the Limits of any Island or Country*

Territory or Place, or within the Limits of any District or Bounds within any Island or Country, Territory or Place, upon Parole or without Parole, all sad every such Person and Persons so offending, foD apoa being convicted thereof be adjudged guilty of Felony, tad shall /offer Death as in cases of Felony, without Benefit of Dtath.

Oagf.

IV. And

6*

C. 22.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

For preventing the further Escape.

Prohibiting any Atiiftance of Escape upon the High Seas.

WhereOf-fences may be tried.

For detaining Persons charged with Offences.

General Ifftie.

IV. And be ft further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, being SubjeAs of or owing Allegiance to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall knowingly and wilfully aid, am ft: or further the said Napoleon Buonaparte in quitting any Part of any IHand, Country, Territory or Place, without the Limits and Bounds of any DistriA of such Istand, Country, Territory, or Place, within which he may have been confined or suffered to go at large, on Parole or without Parole, after he shall have been rescued, or have escaped or departed from any Place of Custody, or from the Limits and Bounds within which he shall have been committed to go at large, upon Parole or without Parole, he, (he or they shall be deemed guilty of aiding the Escape of the said Napoleon Buonaparte, under the Provisions of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted that if any Person or Persons, being a SubjeA or SubjeAs of His Majesty or owing Allegiance to His Majesty, after the said Napoleon Buonaparte shall have been rescued, or nave escaped or departed from and have quitted the Istand, Country, DistriA or Territory, within which he shall have been detained and kept in Custody as aforesaid, or have been suffered to go at large, upon Parole or without, or after he shall have quitted and departed from any other Country into which he may have escaped or come, shall knowingly and wilfully, upon the High Seas, aid, aftift or further the said Napoleon Buonaparte in escaping or going to or towards any other Dominions or Place whatsoever, such Person or Persons shall be. adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Offences against this A A, wheresoever the same shall be committed, whether within the Dominions of His Majesty or without, or upon the High Seas, may be inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged in any County within that Part of His Majesty's Dominions called England\ in like Manner, and by a Jury of such County, as if such Offences had been committed within such County; and that in eveij Information or IndiAment for such Offence, such Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed in such County.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be apprehended, detained or in Custody, charged with any Offence against this Act, may be detained m Custody and sent to England, in order to their being proceeded against and tried for such Offence.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any AAion, Suit, Bill, Plaint, Information or IndiAment, shall be brought, sued or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done under or by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Ifloe, and shall have the Advantage thereof as fully, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Special Matter had been fully and well pleacted, and in such manner as any Justice of the Peace, Constable or other Officer, questioned for Matters acted by them as Officers, or in the Execution of their Offices, may have the Advantage of die Matter of their Justification upon the General Kbe by them pleacted, by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom.

CAP.

AJX181S.

56° GEO. III.

C. 2S.

65

cap. xxra.

An Act for regulating the Intercourse with the Iiland of Saint Helena, during the time Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained there; and for indemnifying Persons in the Cases therein mentioned. [nth April 1816.]

117 HEREAS Napoleon Buonaparte is now detained and kept

W in Custody in the Island of Saint Helena: And Whereas it

< is requisite and necessary to prohibit all Intercourse and Commu-

nicaboD with the said Island of Saint Helena* either by His Majesty's

Sub«d£& or by any other Person or Persons, except under the

Restrictions and according to the Rules, Regulations and Condi-

tions hereinafter set forth and prescribed, during such time that

the said Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained and Kept, or shall be

ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Succcflors, to be detained

< and kept in the said Island of Saint Helena /* Be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of die Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for and during such time as the hud Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained and kept in Custody, or shall be ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be detained and kept in Custody in the said Island of Saint Helena, it shall not be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects, or for any other Person or Persons whatsoever (except in Ships or Vessels of and belonging to or chartered or employed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to toe East Indiet* duly ordered to proceed to or to rendezvous at the said Istand, by the said United Company, or by the Governor General of Fort William* the Governor of Fort Saint George or Bombay* or by the said Company's Supra Cargoes in China*) to trade, go, fail or repair to the said Island of Saint Helena* without the Licence of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successora, flgned by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or without the Licence, Consent and Per-xntffion of the Governor, or in his Absence, of the Deputy Governor of the said Island for the time being, or of the Commander for the time being of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces stationed off or at the said Istand; and if any Person or Persons (except as before excepted 1 other than such as shall be thereunto lawfully authorized by such Licence of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of the Governor, Deputy Governor or Commander, or such Per-mission or Consent as aforesaid, shall trade, go, fail, repair to or land upon the said Island of Saint Helena* he or they shall be deemed guilty of a High Crime and Misdemeanour, and shall and may be proiecoted for the same in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench here in England, upon Information exhibited by His Majesty's Attorney General, or upon Indictment found; in which Information or lodt&ment such Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed in the County of Middlesex; and all and every Person or Persons so offending shall on Conviction be liable to such Punishment by Imprisooment and Fine, or either, as the Court shall adjudge or award, any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

56 Gan. III. f II. And

During the time Buonaparte fliail be in Custody in Saint Helena, no Communication to be permitted.

Tracting,c. without Licerce of The King or the Governor or Deputy Governor of Saint Helena.

C.2S.

&«G£&in.

AJX1816.

Personj offending may be fcised, and brought to England, to await their Trial.

Persons landing (ocher than Officers and Seamen belonging to Ships of War) shall return to the Ship when ordered, or be taken into Custody.

Remaining in the Island without Licence.

Puniihtaent.

II* And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons so offending shall and may be seized and brought to England for the Purpose of being so tried $ and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of His Majesty's Ju dices of the Peace, and he and they is and are authorized and required to commit all and every such Person and Persons to the next County Gaol, there to remain until sufficient Security be given by natural born Bubjc&s Or Denizens, to appear in His Majesty's Cofirt of King's Bench at to anfvter any Information ot Iftdi&metit ex-

hibited or found, or to be exhibited or found, agtinft him or them, and Hot to go or depart oat off Coart, or oat off this Kingdom, without Leave of the said Court.

HI* And be it further eftacted, That if any Person who shall arrive at the said Island on board any Ship or Vessel of and belonging to, or chartered or employed by the said United Company as aforesaid, shall land on the said Island from on board the same, or shall land on the said Island from any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, (except the Officers and Seamen of and belonging to such Ship or Vessel Of War, ) shall not, when thereunto ordered and required by the said Governor, Or in his Absence the Deputy Governor for the time being of the said Istand, forthwith return to atod repair oa board such Ship or Vessel from Which he shall have so landed as aforesaid, it (halt find may be lawful for the said Governor, or in his Abfencfe'the Deputy Governor for the time being, to feite and detain every such Person until he or she can be sent, and to fend hitti or her on board the said Ship or Vessel from which he or she so landed as aforesaid; and every Person who shall have so landed from any such Ship or Vessel as last aforesaid, who shall, after the Departure of such Ship or Vessel from the said Istand, remain on the said Island without the Licence, Permission and Consent of the said Governor, or in his Absence the Deputy Governor for the time being, shall be deemed guilty of a Mifdfcmeanor, and shall and may be dealt with, prosecuted and punished in the same manner and form as Persons itfho ffiaU, without Licence, Permission and Consent as aforesaid, land from

Vessels (except Vessels belonging to the Com pny, 6rc.) trad-tog or touching

any other Ship, Vessel or Boat not belonging to, chartered or employed by the said United Company, or ordered by the said Company, or their Servants as aforesaid, to proceed to or rendezvous at the said Island.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor, or in his Absence the Depdty Governor off the said Island for the time being, or for the Commander for the time being of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces stationed off atBS«L«UHeiaM. at the said Island respectfvely, and the'Persons acting under his or their Orden and Commands respectively, by all necessary Ways and Means to hinder and prevent any Ship, Vessel or Boat, Ships or Vessels or Boats, (except Ships and Vessels of and belonging to or chartered by the said United Company of Merchants, and also duly licensed by the said Company for that Purpose, as hereinbefore mentioned, ) from repairing to, trading or touching at the said Istand, or having-any Communication with the same; and to hinder and prevent any Person or Persons from 'landing upon the said Island from such Sllips, Vessels ot Boats, and to seize and detain oil and every Person and Persons that Audi land upon the said island from the same*and all such Ships, Vessels or Boats (except as above excfcpted^aa

id

A.D. 181&

36° GEO. III.

C.23.

67

shall repair to, or trade, or touch at the said Istand, or Aall be found

bowing within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof, and which shall

or may belong, in the Whole or in Part, to any subject or Subjects

of His Majesty, or to any Ferfon or Persons owing Allegiance to

His Majesty, shall and are hereby declared to be forfeited to Hit Forfeited, feiicd

Majesty, and shall and may be seized and detained, and brought tond brouJhl ta

Rutland^ and shall and may be prosecuted to Condemnation by His

Majesty's Attorney General, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Re* r°

cord at WdhmnfUr, in such manner and fora as any Ship, Vessel or

Boat may be seized, detained or prosecuted, for any Breach or Viol*

arioa of the Navigation or Revenue Laws of this Country; and the

Offence for which such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall be proceeded against

shall and stay be laid and charged to have been done and committed

in the County of MtddUsex; and if any Ship, Vessel or Boat, not be* Foreign Vessels

longing in the Whole or in Part to any Person or Persons the Subject hovering and not

or Sobje&s of or owing Allegiance to His Majesty, his Heirs and departing on

Sncceflors, shall repair to, or trade or touch at the said Island of order»

Saint Helen* or shall be found hovering within Eight Leagues of

the Coast thereof, and shall not depart from the said Island or the

Coast thereof when and so soon as the Matter or* other Person having

the Chatge and Command thereof shall be ordered so to do by the

Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the said Island for the time

being, or by the Commander of His Majesty's Naval or Military

Force ftarioned at or off the said Island for the time being, (unlefs in

case of unavoidable Neceffitv, or Distress of Weather, ) such Ship or

Vessel fitaU be deemed forfeited, and shall and may be seized and seized and pro-

detained and prosecuted in the same manner as is hereinbefore enacted fecuted.

as to Ships, Vessels or Boats of or belonging to any Subject or

Subie&s of His Majesty.

V.*Provided always, and be k enacted, That if any Ship or Proviso for Vessel shall happen, by Strcfs of Weather, Peril of the Sea, or other VeflUs driven inevitable Accident or other urgent Necessity, to be driven or forced fe8"?6 to the fesd Istand, and from such Cause to touch thereat, and the sainV Matter or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Cause thereof, to the Governor, or so his Ah fence to the Deputy Governor of the said Island for the time being, or to the Commander of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces for the time befog, or one of them; and shall, during the time that such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to remain at the said Istand, so all things conform to the Directions and Orders of the said Governor, or in nis Absence of the said De-put -^'*m'" " de-

em

Passengers of and belonging to the said Ship or Vessel, as and when We "ot UaWet0

the said Governor, or in his Absence the Deputy Governor for the Forfeuure*

rime befog, or the Commander of His Majesty's Naval or Military

Forces at the said Island for the time being, or either of them, (hau

direct and require; such Ship or Vessel shall not be fulled to For*

fekure, nor shall the Owners or Matter or Crew thereof, or any Per-

sea or Persons on board the same, who shall so conform to such

DMbous and Orders as aforesaid, be liable to any of the Pains,

Pcedties or Puni foments hereinbefore mentioned i Provided never- Onui probandi thelela, that the Proof of such Ship or Vessel having been drive* on P*rty claim-or forced to repair to and touch at the said Istand, by Stress of Wea* in& Ex«mrlkM^

F 2

ther,

C.17, 18, 19.

56° GEO. Ilf.

A.D. 181(1

55 G.3. c.17 fjither continued till July 5, 1821. except M»lt.

49 U 3. c 98.

Sch (A.)

Export Duty on Lead ful pended.

47 G 3. c. 12.

the said Duties of Excite by the said Acts granted as are not repealed nor made perpetual, and would expire before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and are by the said Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of Hia said Majesty continued until and upon the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be and the same respectively are hereby further continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, save and except the Duties on Malt made in England and Scotland, or brought from Scotland into England\ granted by the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

CAP. XVUL An Act to suspend, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Duty on Lead exported from Great Britain. [1 Ith April 1816.]

4 HERE AS by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His 4 W present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing tie 4 fevaral Duties of Csjftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and by one certain Schedule marled 4 (A.) Outwards, annexed to the said Act, a Duty of Customi 4 is to be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his*Heirs and Succcfibrs, in ready Money, of Three Pounds and < Ten Shillings upon Lead, cast or uncast, the Ton containing Twenty 4 hundred Weight, exported from Great Britain: And Whereas it 4 is expedient to suspend for a limited time the said Duty ; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the raffing of this Act the Payment of the said Duty for or in respect of such Lead, on the Exportation thereof from any Part of Great Britain % shall be (impended until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP- XIX.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of Judy One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty ferenth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar exported. [nth April 1816.]*\1I7HEREAS an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar was granted and allowed by an Act passed in the Forty 4 seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to adoa ' for Two Tears from and after the patting of this A3 an additions! 4 Bounty on double refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties 00 4 other refined Sugar to such as Jbatt be pounded, cralbed or broken; 4 and to, allow for One Tear certain Bounties on British Plantation 4 raw Sugar exported; an d which said additional Bounty on double 4 refined Sugar has been by federal subseqnent Acts continued until 4 the Fifth Day of April (jne thousand ejght hundred and sixteen: 4 And Whereas it is expedient that the said additional Bounty on 4 double refined Sugar (hoidd be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's , Must Excellent Msyefty, by and with the

Advice

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C. 19, 80.

AAnice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said additional Bounty on double refined Sugar shall be and the same is hereby revived sad further condoned from the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fixteea.

CAP. XX.

An Act to mate further Provision for the Execution of the federal A£fcs relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland. [i ith April 1816>]

WHEREAS the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in*Ireland respediwly, pursuant to the Powers and Authorities in ' them veiled by Law for that Purpose, have been used and ' accustomed to appoint, in and for the several and respective Districts*in Ireland (except the District of Dublin), a Number of Sub*Commissionero for the Purpose of hearing, trying and determining*ail Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of Fines, Penalties*and Forfeitures imposed by the several Acts in force in Ireland 4 relating to the Revenues of Customs, Excise or Taxes respectively; 4 and Three of such Sub Commissioners or the Majority of them, have been used and accustomed to give Judgment and award Execation thereon: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether in cases 4 where the Sub Commissioners of any District exceed Five in*Number the Majority of such Sub Commissioners be not necessary*to conftftute a competent Court to hear, try and determine any 4 such Complaint or Informations' For the removing of the said Doubts, be it enacted by The Song's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliaipent assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of tlus Act all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence against or any Breach of nay Act or Acts in force or to he in force in Ireland, relating to any of the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the find Commissionero of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commrifioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, which shall have been or Audi be committed within any District in Ireland f except the District of Dublin), shall and may be heard, tried and determined before any Three or more of the Sub Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or before any Three or more of the Sub Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes of such District, as the case may be, and that any and every Judgment or Execution which Audi he given or awarded by the Majority fitting on the Trial of any such Complaint or Information shall he valid and effectual to n& htau and Porposes whatsoever; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act cammed Audi take away or in any maimer affect the Remedy of Appeal provided for the Party or Parties aggrieved in and by on

Ad

59

Additional Bounty on double rtfined Sugar further continued.

Informations for Recovery of Fines (except in District of Dublin) may be determined before Three Sub Commissioners.

Appeal.

C. 20.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

14 & 15 Car. a.

(10

46 G. 3. c. 106.

Parties aftd Witnesses to be summoned.

Collectora and Sub Commissioners may issue Summons to Parties and Witnesses to appear on Trials of Information.

Penalty.

Goods seized may be claimed by Consignees on certain Conditions.

A fit made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, bit Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissionert of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise andTaxes, in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

' III. And Whereas in and by the said recited Act made in the 4 Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty Charles the Second, it is amongst other things enacted, that 4 the Sub Comminioner8 as therein mentioned shall be authorized

upon any Complaint or Information to proceed to Examination

of the Matter of Fast by summoning or causing Parties and Wit- neifes to be summoned to appear before them by causing Summonses ' in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk or other Officer thereunto appointed, to be left at the usual Place of Abode or Habitation of such Party or Witness: And Whereas it is expedient to

provide for the more easy and convenient iiTuing of such Summons

or Notice 5* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector of Customs or Excise, or any Person appointed by such Collectors respectively, or to and for any Sub Commissioner of the respective Districts, to sign and issue any Notice or Summons to Parties and Witnesses to appear on the Trial of any Complaint or Information exhibited in such District, and every such Notice or Summons which shall be so signed and issued shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been issued pursuant to the Directions and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King Charles the Second, any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and in case any rerfon who shall be duly summoned to be a Witness as aforesaid shall negkft to appear without reasonable Excuse for such Neglect, or appearing shall refuse to give his, her or their Testimony concerning the Matter m Question, every such Person for every such Neglect or Refufsl shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be seized after the landing thereof in Ireland, for any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to any Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, it shall and may be lawful for the Consignee or Consignees thereof to claim such Goods, Wares and Merchandize on behalf of the Owner or Owners thereof, such Consignee or Consignees making an Affidavit before the Officer cm. powered to receive such Claim o? the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of the real Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares ami Merchandize, and also giving Security by Bond to His Majesty, with Two sufficient Sureties to be previously approved of by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs for the District within which such Claim mail be entered, in the Penalty of One* hundred Pounds, or such further Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, as shall be reasonably deemed fuflieient by such Commissioners, Collector or

other

A.D. ISIS.

66° GEO. III.

C.20.

61

other Officers, to answer and pay the Costs which may be occasioned

by foci Claim, in case of the Condemnation of such Goods, Wares

or Merchandize, such Costs to be taxed by the Chief Remembrancer

of the Court of Exchequer or his Deputyj any thing in the before

mentioned Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's 46 G. 3. c. iod.

Reign, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary there*

of notwfthstanding.

V. And Whereas under and by virtue of the several Acts in Penalties to bo 4 force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things levied in British

under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Currency,

Port Duties, and of the said Commissioners of .Inland Excise and 4 Taxes respectively, the several pecuniaiy Fines, Penalties and For*

4 feitures infiided or hnposed by the said Acts are directed to be f

payable and to be paid and received in British CurrencyBe it further enacted. That in suing for any such Fine, Penalty or Forfei* tore, it shall not be neceflkry to specify, mention or set forth in the Complaint or Information, or in any Judgment given thereon, or in any Warrant to be issued founded upon such Judgment, the Cur* rencyin which such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture mall be paid or receivable, but every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied, recovered and paid, according to the Amount thereof in British Currency.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Goods, Wares or Mer- Period allowed chandize which may have been or may be warehoused or otherwise fee clearing secured without Payment of Duty in Ireland, may be permitted and pood# wm- allowed to remain warehoused or otherwise secured beyond the Period*

now allowed by Law for clearing and taking the same from and* out of Warehouse; and that the Period for which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize are allowed by Law to be bonded or warehoused in Ireland, may be extended in like manner and under like Regulations in Ireland, as are directed and required with respect to Goods ware*, honied in Great Britain, by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of 49 0.3. c. 106. His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for allowing further time for taking Goads out of Warehouse andfaying Duties thereon.

' VII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties to be under this Act shall be paid and payable in British Currency, and levied in British shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied Currency, in such manner and under fuen Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by the said recited Act made in Irelstnd in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by the said recited Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in'Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fuHy and effeduatty to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein repeated and reenacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Km$ Charier the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered,

mended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present altered, Scffioa of Parliament*

C.21, 22.

56° GEO. III.

AJD.1410.

CAP. XXI.

17 G. 3. c.30.

*7 G.3. C.l6.

3)0.3. c. 3a.

3? 0.3. c.31. so far as suspend* 17 G.3. c.30. further continued.

An Act to revive and continue, until Two Years after the Expiration of the Restrictions upon Payments in Cash by the Bank of England, an Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociatkm of Promiilory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, in England

[nth April 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining for a*limited time the Negotiation of Prominory Notes and Inland Bills 4 of Exchange for Twenty Shillings and under Five Pounds: And 4 Whereas the said Act was, by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh 1 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, made perpetual: And 4 Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty leventh Year of the Reign«of His present Majesty, the said first recited Act, so far as the same 4 relates to the making void of Promissory Notes, Drafts or Undertakings in Writing, payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof, for any Sum less than the Sum of Five Pounds in the whole, and also 4 to the restraining the publishing or uttering and negociating of any 4 such Notes, Drafts or Undertakings as aforesaid, was suspended 4 until the First Day of May then next: And Whereas the said Act of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty hath 4 by several subseqnent Acts been continued until the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and 4 amended 5 and it is expedient that the same should be revived and 4 further continued ; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Act of the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, so far as the same suspends the said Act of the Seventeenth Year aforesaid, shall be and the same is hereby revived from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and shall be further continued, as amended, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, until Two Years after the Expiration of the Restriction upon Payments in Cash by the Bank of England.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the more effectusdly detaining in Custody Napoleon Buonaparte. [nth April iS

4 \17HEREAS it is necessary for the Prefenration of tk* 4 VY Tranquillity of Europe, and for the general Safety, that 4 Napoleon Buonaparte should be detained and kept in Custody»in 4 hereinafter provided Be it therefore enacted5 and it in hereby fnafted by Tie King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Coin-mom, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of For detaining the same. That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heir* Napoleon^and Successors, to detain and keep the said Napokon Buonaparte in oll2!3*rt*in the Custody of such Person or Perfbne, in such Place within H» Custody> Majesty*»

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.22.

69

Mqeftr'j Dominions, and under such Restrictona, during the Plea, fore of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as to Ms Majesty, his Hdrs and Successors, shall from time to time seem fit*

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Napoleon Buonaparte* wh0 <hsl! be being in such Custody as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be, treated ss a ad shall be treated and dealt with as a Prisoner of War, except PHfoner of only in so hr at by His Majesty, his Hein and Soccefibrt, shall at War# say time, or from time to time, be- otherwise direfled; and that it fluJl and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of his or their Principal Secretaries of State, to nominate and appoint such Person Appointing Per* or Perilous, being His Majesty's Subjc& or Subie&s, as to His jom to have the Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall seem fit, to have the Custody Cuttody of the said Napoleon Buonaparte; and from time to time, by like to dungs tbs Warrant to change the Place, and to appoint such other Place, as to Phcs;

His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall seem fit, in which the find Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained and kept; and by like and to remove Warrant to authorize and empower any Person and Persons to remove* the said Napoleon Buonaparte from the Place in which he now is, or flail at any time hereafter be lb detained and kept, and to convey him to such other Place as shall be so appointed as aforesaid; and that it For callh* im shall and may be lawful for such Person and Persons so appointed or Affifence. to be appointed as aforesaid, to call to his or their Aid and ASftance all or any Persons, being Subjects of His Majesty, or owing Allegiance to His Majesty, for toe detaining and keeping the said Napoleon Buonaparte in Custody as aforesaid, or for the removing or convey* ing him as aforesaid, as Occasion may require: And that all and Power to uft every such Person or Persons so appointed or to be appointed as MelM*" aforesaid, and all and every Person and Persons who shall be called -in, ng to his or their Aid and A {finance, shall have full Power and Authority U00IParte* to use all Ways and Means for the detaining and keeping the said Napoleon Buonaparte in such Custody, and for the Prevention of the Rricoe or Escape of the said Napoleon Buonaparte from and out of such Custody, and for the retaking the said Napoleon Buonaparte in case he shall be refeued or shall escape from and out of the same, as might be lawfully used for the detaining and keeping in Custody, and for preventing the Rescue or Escape of, and for the retaking any Prisoner of War.

HI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Persons refrains being a (Subject or Subjects of or owing Allegiance to His Majesty, or attempting»his Hears or Successors, shall rescue or attempt to rescue the (kid 5^°* " Napoleon Buonaparte* or shall knowingly and wilfully aid or assist in* the Escape of the said Napoleon Buonaparte, or in any Attempt to escape mas such Custody as aforesaid, or from any limits or Bounds abatis he now it or at any time hereafter shall or may be detained sad kept in Custody as aforesaid, or in which he shall or may be fuffeved to go at large within the Limits of any Island or Country*

Territory en Place, or within the Limits of any District or Bounds within any Island or Country, Territory or Place, upon Parole or withopt Parole, all and every such Person and Persons so offending, stall upon being convicted thereof be adjudged guilty of Felony* and JKall {offer Heath as in cases of Felony, without Benefit of Death.

Cfcrgy.

IV. And

C. 22.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

For preventing the further Elcspe.

Prohibiting any Aliiftance of Escape upon the High Seas.

Where Offences may be tried.

For detaining Persons charged with Offences.

General Ifltie.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, being Subjects of or owing Allegiance to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall knowingly and wilfully aid, arnft or further the said Napoleon Buonaparte in quitting any rart of any Istand, Country, Territory or Place, without the Limits and Bounds of any District of such Istand, Country, Territory, or Place, within which he may have been confined or suffered to go at large, on Parole or without Parole, after he shall have been rescued, or have escaped or departed from any Place of Custody, or from the Limits and Bounds within which he shall have been committed to go at large, upon Parole or without Parole, he, (he or they shall be deemed guilty of aiding the Escape of the flud Napoleon Buonaparte % under the Provisions of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted that if any Person or Persons, being a Subject or Subjects, of His Majesty or owing Allegiance to His Majesty, after the said Napoleon Buonaparte Audi have been rescued, or have escaped or departed from and have quitted the Istand, Country, Diflrid or Territory, within which he shall have been detained and kept in Custody as aforesaid, or have been suffered to go at large, upon Parole or without, or after he shall have quitted and departed from any other Country into which he may have escaped or come, shall knowingly and wilfully, upon the High Seas, aid, assist or further the said Napoleon Buonaparte in escaping or going to or towards any other Dominions or Place whatsoever, such Person or Persons shall be. adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Offences against this Act, wheresoever the same shall be committed, whether within the Dominions of His Majesty or without, or upon the High Seas, may be inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged in any County within that Part of His Majesty'* Dominions called England, » in like Manner, and by a Jury of such County, as if such Offences had been committed within such County; and that in every Information or Indictment for such Offence, such Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed in such County.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be apprehended, detained or in Custody, charged with any Offence against this Act, may be detained m Custody and sent to England, in order to their being proceeded against and tried for such Offence.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, Information or Indictment, shall be brought, sued or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done under or by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and shall have the Advantage thereof as fully, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Special Matter had been fully and well pleaded* and in such manner as any Justice of the Peace, Constable or other Officer, questioned for Matters acted by them as Officers, or in the Execution of their Offices, may have the Advantage of the Matter of their Justification upon the General Issue by them pleacted, by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom.

CAP.

AJD.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.2S.

66

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for regulating the Intercourse with the Island of Saint Helena, during the time Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained there; and for indemnifying Persons in the Cases therein mentioned. [nth April 1816.I

WHEREAS Napoleon Buonaparte is now detained and kept

W in Custody in the Island of Saint Helena: And Whereas it < is requisite and necessary to prohibit all Intercourse and Commu- location with the said Island of Saint Helena, either by His Majesty's

Subie&k or by any other Person or Persons, except under the ' Restrictions and according to the Rules, Regulations and Condi-

tions hereinafter set forth and prescribed, during such time that

the said Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained and kept, or shall be

ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be detained ' and kept in the said Island of Saint Helena /' Be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of die Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for and during such time as the hud Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained and kept in Custody, or shall be ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be detained and kept in Custody in the said Island of Saint Helena, it shall not be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects, or for any other Person or Persons whatsoever (except in Ships or Vessels of and belonging to or chartered or employed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indiet, duly ordered to proceed to or to rendezvous at the said Istand, by the said United Company, or by the Governor General of Fort William, the Governor of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or by the said Company's Supra Cargoes in China, ) to trade, go, fail or repair to the said Island of Saint Helena, without the Licence of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, signed by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or without the Licence, Consent and Per-mission of the Governor, or in his Absence, of the Deputy Governor of the said Island for the time being, or of the Commander for the time being of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces stationed off or at the said Istand; and if any Person or Persons (except as before excepted) other than such as shall be thereunto lawfully authorised by such Licence of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of the Governor, Deputy Governor or Commander, or such Per-mission or Consent as aforesaid, shall trade, go, fail, repair to or land upon the said Island of Saint Helena, he or they shall be deemed guilty of a High Crime and Misdemeanour, and shall and may be profecoted for the same in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench here in England, upon Information exhibited by His Majesty's Attorney General, or upon Indictment found; in which Information or Indictment such Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed in the County of Middlesex; and all and every Person or Patous (b offending shall on Convktion be liable to such Punishment by Imprisonment and Fine, or either, as the Court shall adjudge or award, any Law, Statute or Ullage to the contrary notwithstanding.

56 Gan. III. f II. And

During the time Buonaparte fluii be in Custody in Haim Helena, no Communication to he permitted.

Tracting,e. without Licence of The King or the Governor or Deputy Governor of Saint Helena.

«*

Persons offend* ing may be felted, and brought to England, to await their Trial.

Persons landing (ocher than Officers and Seamen belonging to Ships of War) shall return to the Ship when ordered, or be taken into CuAody.

Remaining in the Island without Licence.

Punishmeot.

Veffeis (except Veffeis belonging to the Com-juny, 5rc.) trading or touching at Saint Helena

C. 23.

A.D. 1816.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons so offending shall and may be seized and brought to England for the Purpose of being so tried; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are authorized and required to commit all and every such Person and Persons to the next County Gaol, there to remain until sufficient Security be given by natural born Sutjje&s dr Denizens, to appear in His Majesty's Codrt of King's Bench at Wfjhntnfttts to answer any Information ot Indictment ex>-hibited ot found, or to be exhibited or found, agtinft him or them, and Hot to go or depart out of Court, or out of this Kingdom, without Leave of the said Court.

III. And be it further eUacted, That if any Person who shall arrive at the said Island on board any Ship or Vessel of and bekrtgung to, or chattered or employed by the said United Company as aioreiaid, fliaH latid on the said Island from on board the same, or shall land on the hud Island from any of His Majesty's Ships or Veffeis of War, (except thie Officers and Seamen of and belonging to such Ship or Vessel Of War, ) shall not, when thereunto ordered and required by the said Governor, Or in his Absence the Deputy Governor for the time being of the said Istand, forthwith return to atad repair on board such Ship or Vessel from which he shall have so landed as aforesaid, it (halt and may be lawful for the said Governor, or in his Absence'the Deputy Governor for the time being, to feifee and detain every such Person until he or she can be sent, and to fend hits or her on board the said Ship or Vessel from which he or she so lauded as aforesaid; and every Person who shall have so landed from any such Ship or Vessel as last aforesaid, who shall, after the Departure of such Ship or Vessel from the said Istand, remain on the said Island without the Licence, PCrmrffion and Consent of the said Governor, or in his Absence the Deputy Governor for the time being, shall be deemed guilty of a Mtfdtmeanor, and shall and may be dealt with, prosecuted and punished in the same manner and form as Persons Who shall, without Licence, Permission and Consent as aforesaid, land from any other Ship, Vessel or Boat not belonging to, chartered or employed by the said United Company, or ordered by the said Cora* pany, or their Servants as aforesaid, to proceed to or rendezvous at the said Island.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall afid may be lawful to and for the Governor, or in his Absence the Depdty Governor of the said Island for the time being, or for the Commander for the time being of His Maje tty's Naval or Military forces Rationed off or at the said Island respectivety, and the'Persons acting under his or their Orders and Commands respectively, by all necessary Ways and Meahs to hinder and prevent any Ship, Vessel or Boat, Ships or Veffeis or Boats, if except Ships and Veffeis of and belonging to or chartered by the said United Company of Merchants, and auo duly licensecl by the said Company for that Purpose, fcs hereinbefore mentioned, ) from repairing to, trading or touching at the said Island, or having any Communication with the same; and to hinder and prevent any Person or Persons from landing upon the said Ifitad fro* such Ships, Veffeis or Boats, and to feise and detain ted every Person and Persons that shall land upon the said island from the some* and all such Ships, Veffeis or Boats (except as abote

Oj

Or found hovering.

A.D. 181&

36° GEO. III.

C. 23.

67

shall icpsr to, or trade, or touch at the said Istand, or Audi be found honing within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof, and which shall or my belong, in the Whole or in Part, to any fuhjcdfc or Subjects of His Majesty, or to any Person or Persons owing Allegiance to HkHajesty, Audi and are hereby declared to be forfeited to His Majeskj, and shall and may be fetzed and detained, and brought to % /W, and fliali and may be prosecuted to Condemnation by His Aujesty'i Attorney General, in any of His Majesty's Courts .of Re* cord st We&mnfler, in such manner and form as any Ship, Vessel or Boat may be seized, detained or prosecuted, for any Breach or Violation of the Navigation or Revenue Laws of this Country; and the Offence for which such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall be proceeded against shall and may be laid and charged to have been done and committed in the County of MtddUfix; and if any Ship, Vessel or Boat, not belonging in the Whole or in Part to any Person or Persons the Subject or Sabjc&s of or owing Allegiance to His Majesfcy, his Heirs and Soccrifors, shall repair to, or trade or touch at the said Island of Smut Helens, or shall be found hovering within Eight Leagues of the Coat thereof, and shall not depart from the said Island or the Coast thereof when and so soon as the Master or other Person having the Charge and Command thereof shall be ordered so to do by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the said Island for the time being, or by the Commander of His Majesty's Naval or Military Force (btioned at or off the said Island for the time being, (unlefs in case of unavoidable Necessity, or Distress of Weather, ) Such Ship or Vcfid flail be deemed forfeited, and shall and may be seized and detained and prosecuted in the same manner as is hereinbefore enacted as to Slops, Vessels or Boats of or belonging to any Subject or SoKefibof His Majesty.

V. Ptovided always, and be k enacted, That if any Ship or Vdrfftafl happen, by Stress of Weather, Peril of the Sea, or other inevitable Aocideat or other urgent Necessity, to be driven or forced to the fad Istand, and from such Cause to touch thereat, and the Mister or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel foist forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Cause thereof, to the Governor, or in his Absence to the Deputy Governor of the said Island for the time being, or to the Commander of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces for the time being, or one of them; and fall, daring the time that such Ship or vessel shall be permitted to imam at the said Istand, in all things conform to the Directions and Orders of the said Governor, or in nis Absence of the said Deputy Governor for the time being; and the said Ship or Vessel shall quit the said Istand, and depart therefrom, with all the Crew and Pafeegers of and belonging to the said Ship or Vessel, as and when the fad Governor, or in his Absence the Deputy Governor for the dot befog, or the Commander of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces A the said Island for the time being, or either of them, shall foeft sad require; such Ship or Vessel shall not be fu1ye£fc to For* same, nor shall the Owners or Master or Crew thereof, or any Perfuse Persons on board the same, who fliali so conform to such and Orders as aforesaid, be liable to any of the*Pains, or Puni foments hereinbefore mentioned i Provided never-thriefoftit the Proof of such Ship or Vessel having been drived or forced to repair to and touch at the said Istand, by Stress of Wea-F 2 ther,

Forfeited, seized and brought to England for

Prosecution.

Foreign Vefleb hovering and not departing on Order,

feixed and pro. fecuted.

Proviso for Vessel* driven by Stress of Weather into Saint Helena*

Such Vessel* departing when able not liable to Forfeiture.

Onus probandl

on Party claiming Exemption,

A

C.16.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. I*

respect of any of the Estates or Possessions of His Majesty, his Trz or Successors, of which he the said A. B. shall b

appointed Receiver as aforesaid; and do and Hull transmit the- i Account to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majei Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor Gren for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, at or wi such time or times as is or are in and by an Act passed in the F sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty king George the Third, i tided [infcrt the Title of this Atf] directed in that Behalf, or aa said Commissioners or Surveyor General shall, by any Order Writing, from time to time require, and do and shall pass and vei every such Account in the manner directed by the said Act; « if he the said A. B. do and shall well and truly answer and pay such Balances as shall be or become due to His Majesty upon, periodically making up of every such Account as aforesaid, and such Sum or Sums ot Money as shall be from

to be paid on account thereof prior to the a o

lances, either by any Debenture or Instrument in Writing from t Auditor or acting Auditor, or by any Order in Writing from t Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Fore! and Land Revenues, or any two of them, or from the Survey General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, I such Person or Persons, at such time or times, and Office or Plac and in such manner as he the said A. B* shall be directed or require by any such Debenture, Instrument or Order to pay the same; an in default of such Direction or Requisition, to such Persons, and i such manner, and at such time or times as the Receivers of Hi Majesty's Land Revenues were immediately before the passing tb said Act, by the Laws and Statutes then in force and the Ufag and Practice in that Behalf bound or required to answer, render an< pay the Balances of their respective Accounts and any Sums o Money on account of such Balances; and if the said A. B. do am shall, once at least in every Year so long as he shall continue in tlx said Office, view and survey every Part of all such Estates of which he shall be so appointed Receiver as aforesaid, as he shall in the Execution of the Duties of his said Office, under the ProviGons of the said Act, be required to view and survey, and examine and inspect the .Field Books kept by the Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants thereof respectively, and do and shall, within Two Calendar Months after every such Survey shall be made or taken as aforesaid, transmit to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, a true and faithful Report in Writing of the State and Condition of the Estates and Premifea-fo surveyed, and of the Cultivation and Management thereof, and how far the Covenants or Agreements under which the same are or shall be held have been observed or performed, or whether the same have been ip any and what respects broken or infringed, and all such Circumstances relating thereto as shall have come to the Knowledge of him the said A* B. or respecting which be shall have obtained Information in the Course of his said Survey or otherwise, together with his Opinion thereon; and if he the said A. B* shall and do within the Space of One Calendar Month after he shall at any time have received or got into his Hands any Sum or Sums of Money belonging to The Crown, exceeding the Sum of Five hue*

dred

56° GEO. III.

C. 16, 17.

died Poods gm Notice thereof in Writing to the Commissioners fcr tie one being of His Majesty'g Woods Forests and Land ImsHs or to the said Surveyor General for the time being of Hit Majc&ft Land Revenues; and also if he the said A. B. shall and do, dang so bog time at he shall continue in the said Office, well and traiv execute all such Duties as are required by the said A ft to be performed by Persona holding any such Office, and observe, obey, perform and execute all such Orders, Rules and Instructions as ne Mth received or shall from time to time receive from the Lords Com* uffioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, (to be figmbed by any Minute of the said Lords Commissioners in Writing, or by Letter from any One of their Secretaries in pursuance of any such Minute, ) or from the Chancellor or Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, or from the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or asy Two of them, or from the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majesty's Land Revenues, touching or concerning the Pre-tnif« or die Execution of the Office or Employment aforesaid j and if he the said A. 3. shall and do in all other Respects faithfully and truly execute and perform the Duties of the said Office, and all the Tra&x which ftnll be reposed in him as such Officer as aforesaid, then the above written Obligation shall be void, otherwise the same shall be and remain in foil Force and Virtue.

Signed, foaled and delivered by the above]

naxneA

in the Presence of

K>ve")

}

61

CAP. XVII.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, certain additional Duties of Exrifc in Gnat Britan. [l ith April 1816.]

1 WHEREAS fereral of the additional Duties of Excise granted g*.

1 W by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of 43

Hk prtfcnt Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty

until T&ehe Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty 4 ef Peace, certain additional Duties of Eucije in Great Britain, and

' certain additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff imported*

into Great Britain, granted by an Act made in the Forty sixth 4$

Year of His said Majesty's Reign, and the Duties inserted, described

' and (let forth in the Schedule marked (B) annexed to another Act t/y %

made in the Forty sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, and 46 O* 3*c#

certain additional Duties of Excise on Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vi tie

4 or Strong Waters, imported into Great Britain, granted by another

5 Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, 47 0.3. c*7*

would have expired at certain limited times after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace had not the same been continued :

And Whereas the lame were and are by an Act made in the Fifty 55 3*c* % 1m

1 fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign continued until arid upon

4 fie fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred apd sixteen,

sad it is expedient further to continue, the same in manner herein*

afar mentioned Be it therefore eaafted by The King's Most ExcAot Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord* Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

lament sSmbled, and by the Authority of the same, That such of Duties con

the turned by

58

C.17, 18, 19.

56° GEO. III.

A.r>. it

SS0.3. 7< further continued till July 5, 1811. except Malt.

49 G 3. c 98.

Sch (A.)

Expert Duty on Lead fulpended.

47 G 3. c. % % K

the said Duties of Excise by the said Acts granted as are not repc nor made perpetual, and would expire before the Dud Fifth Da July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and are by the Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said Ma/ continued until and upon the said Fifth Day of July One thoixi eight hundred and sixteen, shall be and the same respectively hereby further continued until and upon the Fifth Day of /11A 4 thousand eight hundred and twenty one, fare and except the 3D u on Malt made in England and Scotland^ or brought from Scot I into England, granted by the said recited Act of the Forty third Y of the Reign of His present Majesty.

CAP. XVUL An Act to suspend, until the Fifth Day of April One thou fa eight hundred and twenty, the Duty on Lead exported in Great Britain. [11th April 18H

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of 1 present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing j 4 Jeverul Dutiee of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for grai ing other Duties in lieu thereof; and by one certain Schedule mark 4 (A.) Outwards, annexed to the said Act, a Duty of CuRot 4 is to be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, 1 4 Heirs and Succcflbrs, in ready Money, of Three Pounds at Ten Shillings upon Lead, cast or uncast, the Ton containingTwent 1 hundred Weight, exported from Great Britain: And Whereas 4 is expedient to suspend for a limited time the said Duty ; Be; therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by an with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempora and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by th Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this At the Payment of the said Duty for or in respect of such Lead, on th Exportation thereof from any Part of Great Britain^ shall be fui pended until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hnndra and twenty*

CAP. XIX.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty seventh Yeai of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar exported. [nth April j 816.J 4 X^WHEREAS an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar*V V was granted and allowed by an Act passed in the Forty 1 seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to allou 4 for Two Tears from and after the pqJRng of this A3 an additionti 4 Bounty on double refined St^gar, and to extend former Bounties on 4 other refined Sugar to such as shall be pounded, eraJbed or broken; 4 and to r allow for One Tear certain Bounties on Britiji Plantation 4 raw Sugar exported f an d which said additional Bounty on double 4 refined Sugar has been by several subse^nent A As continued until 4 the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen:

4 And Whereas it is expedient that the md additional Bountj on 4 double refined Sugar fhoiild be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Merit Excellent Msyefty, by and with the

Advice

aj>. mi.

5TOEO.HL

C. 19, 90.

9

Advice aarf Coolest of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Coon* is this present PaHxameot assembled, and by the Au* thmay t£ the same. That the said additional Bounty on double icfoed Sugar stall he and the lame it hereby revived and further con* cased from the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred ad ixten, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred md ixtaea.

CAP. XX.

An Act to mate farther Provision for the Execution of the {even! Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Fort Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland* [11th April 1816.]

WHEREAS the commissioners of Customs and Port Duties'V V and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in 1 Ireland respedhwly, ptxrfuant to the Powers and Authorities in 4 them vested by Law for that Purpose, have been used and ' sccoftomed to appoint, in and for the several and respective District* 4 in Inland (except the District of Dublin), a Number of Sub 4 CoaBufibnm for the Purpose of hearing, trying and determining

all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of Fines, Penalties 1 cad Forfetores imposed by the several Acts in force in Ireland

rebtw to the Revenues of Customs, Excise or Taxes respectively;

and 'ftree of such Sub Commissioners or the Majority of them,

4 have been used and accustomed to give Judgment and award Exe*

cation thereon: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether in cases

where fee Sub Commissioners of any District exceed Five in

Number the Ibjonty of such Sub Commissioners be not necessary

< to coaststnte a competent Court to bear, try and determine any

< fact Complaint or Information For the removing of the said Doubts, be k eroded by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by sad wife the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of ton AA all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fme, Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence against or any Breach of anr Act or Acts m ferae or to be in force in Ireland, relating to any at die Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the fed Comanffionen of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Ounraffioners of Inhnad Excise and Taxes, or either of them, which flaA hare been or ffamB be committed within any District in Ireland (except the District of Dublin)9shall and may be heard, tried and deteraned before any Three or more of the Sab Commissioners of Caftans and Port Duties, or before any Three or more of the Sob Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes of such District, as fee case may be, and that any and every Judgment or Execution sbidfeallhe ghnea or awarded by the Majority fitting of the Trial d ay (nek Complaint or Information shall be valid and effectual to Absents and Porposes whatsoever; any thing in any Act or Acts tofecantmry notwithstanding*

II* banded always, and be it eroded, That nothing in this Act coatmcd Audi take away or in any manner affect the Remedy af Appal provided far the Party or Partita aggrieved in and by an

59

Additional Bounty on double refined Sugar fun her continued.

Informations for Recovery of Fines (except in District of Dub. lin) may be determined before Three Sub Commifijonert.

Appeal.

72

C.25, 26.

56" GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Application of Duties.

49 G.3. c.98.

Act may bo altered, &c.

Infteadofthe Duties repealed, tbofo specified in Table timesed to be paid*

the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain or Ireland; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the patting of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duties in Great Britain (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties, called Permanent Duties, imposed by an Act, passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, are directed to be appropriated and applied; and that all Monies arising from the said Duties in Ireland, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being dedusted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

TABLE (A.) to which this Act refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Butter from Foreign Countries.

B s d»

BUTTER, Imported in a British-built Ship, the 1 ___ ___

Cwt. - - -1

- - -, Imported in a Foreign-built Ship, the!

Cwt. - - - 5 --

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Cheese. [30th April 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the several and respective Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Cheese

from Foreign Countries into the United Kingdom should be repealed, and that other Duties should be imposed in lieu thereofBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Duties of Customs payable by Law upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Cneefe from Foreign Countries shall cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Futh Day of April; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.26.

79

April, in lira and in dead of the Duties hereby repealed* there shall be raised* Jrned* collected and paid* unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflon* the several and respective Duties* as the Came are infer ted* defaibed and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed marked (A.)

1L And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as shall Duties under arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England for the Comnuflionen time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great 01 Cu 0, M* Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall be under the Management of the Commissioifers of the Cuf-oms and Port Duties in Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be Duties levied* managed, ascertained* raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, in other Duties of such and the like Manner as any Duties of Customs of a like Nature Customs. are managed, ascertained* raised, levied* collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain or Ireland; an3 all Pains,

Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Dhredions therein contained,

shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effiedually to all Intents and Purposes, as if they ware at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. And be h farther enacted. That all Monies from time to time Application of arising from the said Duties in Great Britain (the necessary Charges Duties.

of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted! shall from time to time he paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at We/hniafter9 and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties called Permanent Duties, imposed by an Act, passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 49 G.3.C.98. intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof are dirrded to be appropriated and applied; and that all Monies arising from the said Dude* in Ireland, the necefferv Charges of raising ana accounting for the same being deducted, shall he carried to and made Part of the ConfoHdated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may he altered, varied Act may He or repealed by any Ad to be passed in this Session of Parliament. altered,c.

TABLE (A.) to which this Act refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation

'mo Great Britain of Cheese from Foreign Countries.

£ /. d.

CHEESE, Imported inaUrk^buflt Ship, the Cwt. — 10 6 - - -, Imported in a Foreign-built Ship, the Cwt. — 13 —

CAP.

64

C. 22.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1616.

For preventing the further Escape.

Prohibiting any Affiffance of Escape upon the High Seas.

Where Offences inay be tried.

For detaining Persons charged with Offences.

General Iffhe.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, being Subjects of or owing Allegiance to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall knowingly and wilfully aid, assist or further the said Napoleon Buonaparte m quitting any Part of any I (land, Country, Territory or Place, without the Limits and Bounds of any District of such Island, Country, Territory, or Place, within which he may have been confined or suffered to go at large, on Parole or without Parole, after he shall have been rescued, or have escaped or departed from any Place of Custody, or from the Limits and Bounds within which he shall have been committed to go at large, upon Parole or without Parole, he, (he or they shall be deemed guilty of aiding the Escape of the said Napoleon Buonaparte, under the Provisiona of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted that if any Person or Persons, being a Subject or Subjects of His Majesty or owing Allegiance to His Majesty, after the said Napoleon Buonaparte shall have been rescued, or have escaped or departed from and have quitted the Kland, Country, District or Territory, within which he shall have been detained and kept in Custody as aforesaid, or have been suffered to go at large, upon Parole or without, or after he shall have quitted and departed from any other Country into which he may have escaped or come, shall knowingly and wilfully, upon the High Seas, aid, assist or further the sauf Napoleon Buonaparte in escaping or going to or towards any other Dominions or Place whatsoever, such Person or Persons shall be, adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Offences against this Act, wheresoever the same shall be committed, whether within the Dominions of His Majesty or without, or upon the High Seas, may be inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged in any County within that Part of His Majesty's Dominions called England, in like Manner, and by a Jury of such County, as if such Offences had been committed within such County; and that in every Information or Indictment for such Offence, such Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed in such County.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be apprehended, detained or in Custody, charged with any Offence against this Act, may be detained m Custody and sent to England, in order to their being proceeded against and tried for such Offence.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, Information or Indictment, shall be brought, sued or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done under or by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and shall have the Advantage thereof as fully, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Special Matter had been fully and well pleacted, and in such manner as any Justice of the Peace, Constable or other Officer, questioned for Matters acted by them as Officers, or in the Execution of their Offices, may have the Advantage of the Matter of their Justification upon the General Issue by them pleacted, by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom.

CAP.

AJD.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C« 23.

65

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for Tegulating the Intercourse with the Island of Saint Helena, during the time Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained there; and for indemnifying Persons in the Cases therein mentioned. [nth April 1816.]

TT 7 HEREAS Napoleon Buonaparte is now detained and kept

W m Custody in the Island of Saint Helena: And Whereas it

is requiflte and necessary to prohibit all Intercourse and Commu-« nkation with the said Island of Saint Helena, either by His Majesty'a«Subjectb or by any other Person or Persons, except under the«Restrictkras and according to the Rules, Regulations and Condi-

tions hereinafter set forth and prescribed, during such time that ' the said Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained and kept, or shall be

ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Succcflors, to be detained ' and kept in the said Island of Saint Helena /' Be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for and during such time as the said Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained and kept in Custody, or shall be ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be detained and kept in Custody in the said Island of Saint Helena, it shall not be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjests, or for any other Person or Persons whatsoever (except in Ships or Vessels of and belonging to or chartered or employed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, duly ordered to proceed to or to rendezvous at the said Istand, by the said United Company, or by the Governor General of Fort William, the Governor of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or by the said Company's Supra Cargoes in China*) to trade, go, fail or repair to the said Island of Scant Helena, without the Licence of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, signed by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or without the Licence, Consent and Per-mission of the Governor, or in his Absence, of the Deputy Go* vemor of the said Island for the time being, or of the Commander for the time being of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces stationed off or at the said Istand; and if any Person or Persons (except as before excepted! other than such as shall be thereunto lawfully authorized by such Licence of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of the Governor, Deputy Governor or Commander, or such Per-mission or Consent as aforesaid, shall trade, go, fail, repair to or land upon the said Island of Saint Helena, he or they shall be deemed guilty of a High Crime and Misdemeanour, and shall and may be prosecuted for the same in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench here in England* upon Information exhibited by His Majesty's Attorney General, or upon Indictment found; in which Information or Indictment such Offence may be laid and charged* to have been committed in the County of Middlesex; and all and every Person or Persons so offending shall on Conviction be liable to such runiftiment by lmprifomnent and Fine, or either, as the Court shall adjudge or award, any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

56 Geo. III. f II. And

During the time Buonaparte shall be in Custody m Saint Helena, no Communication to be permitted.

Tradirr,c. without Licence of The King or the Governor or Deputy Governor of Saint Helena.

64

C. 22.

56° GEO. III.

A.T>- IS

For preventing the further Etc ape.

Prohibiting any AtMance of Escape upon the High Seas.

Where Of-fences may be tried.

For detaining Persons charged with Offences.

General Iflbe.

IV. And be ft further enacted, That if any Person or Perf« being Subjects of or owing Allegiance to His Majesty, his Heir* Successors, shall knowingly and wilfully aid, assist or furtHer said Napoleon Buonaparte m quitting any Part of any I (land, Count Territory or Place, without the Limits and Bounas of any X>ifti of such Istand, Country, Territory. or Place, within which he n have been confined or suffered to go at large, on Parole or with* Parole, after be shall have been rescued, or nave escaped or depan from any Place of Custody, or from the Limits and Bounds wit) which he shall have been committed to go at large, upon Parole without Parole, he, (he or they shall be deemed guilty of aiding t Escape of the said Napoleon Buonaparte, under the Prowifions this Act.

V. And be it further enacted that if any Person or Persons, beij a Subject or Subjects. of His Majesty or owing Allegiance to H Majesty, after the said Napoleon Buonaparte shall have been rescue or have escaped or departed from and have quitted the Iiland, Countr District or Territory, within which he shall have been detained aii kept in Custody as aforesaid, or have been suffered to go at large, upc Parole or without, or after he shall have quitted and departed froi any other Country into which he may have escaped or come, (ha knowingly and wilfully, upon the High Seas, aid, assist or furthe the said Napoleon Buonaparte in escaping or going to or towards air other Dominions or Place whatsoever, such Person or Persons (hal be. adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in cases oj Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Offences against this Act, wherefoevtr the same shall be committed, whether within the Dominions of His Majesty or without, or upon the High Seas, may be inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged in any County within that Part of His Majesty's Dominions called England, in like Manner, and by a Jury of such County, as if such Offences had been committed within such County; and that in every Information or Indictment for such Offence, such Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed in such County.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be apprehended, detained or in Custody, charged with any Offence against this Act, may be detained m Custody and sent to England, in order to their being proceeded against and tried for such Offence.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, Information or Indictment, shall be brought, sued or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done under or by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and shall have the Advantage thereof as fully, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Special Matter had been fully and well pleacted, and in such manner as any Justice of the Peace, Constable or other Officer, questioned for Matters acted by them as Officers, or in the Execution of their Offices, may have the Advantage of the Matter of their Justification upon the General Issue by them pleacted, by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom.

CAP.

AD.1S16.

56° GEO. Ilf.

C.2S.

6fl

CAP. XXffl.

An Act for regulating the Intercourse with the Island of Saint Htkn&y daring the time Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained (Acre; and for indemnifying Persons in the Cases therein mentioned. [nth April 1816.]

WHEREAS Napoleon Buonaparte it now detained and kept in Custody in the Island of Scant Helena: And Whereat it«is reyrifite and necessary to prohibit all Intercourse and Comma- nicabon with the said Island of Saint Helena, either by His Majesty's*SubieSh or by any other Person or Persons, except under the*Resri&ioM and according to the Rules, Regulations and Condi- tiom hereinafter set forth and prescribed, during such time that*the had Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained and kept, or (lull be ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Succcflors, to be detained ' and kept in the said Island of Saint Helena ; Be it therefore eoa&rd, and it it hereby enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual md Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for and during such time Dur; , g the time as the said Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained and kept in Custody, Buonaparte flu*l or fhaD be ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be he in Custody in detained and kept in Custody in the said Island of Saint Helena* it He, en?' shall not be hwful for any of His Majesty's SubjeAs, or for any "°n other Person or Perfoos whatsoever (except in Ships or Vessels of

and belonging to or chartered or employed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, duly ordered to proceed to or to rendezvous at the said Istand, by the said United Company, or by the Governor General of Fort William, the Governor of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or by the said Company's Supra Cargoes in Coma*) to trade, go, fail or repair to the said Trading<r. Island of Saint Helena, without the Licence of His Majesty, his without Licerct Heirs or Successors, signed by One of His Majesty's Principal of The King or Secretaries of State, or without the Licence, Consent and Per- Deput^Gwer- miffioo of the Governor, or in his Absence, of the Deputy Go- nor of Saint veroor of the hud Island for the time being, or of the Commander Helena, for the time being of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces stationed oft or at the said Istand; and if any Person or Persons (except as before excepted 1 other than such as shall be thereunto lawfully authorised by such Licence of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of the Governor, Deputy Governor or Commander, or such Per-mission or Consent as aforesaid, shall trade, go, fail, repair to or land upon the said Island of Saint Helena, he or they shall be deemed guilty of a High Crime and Misdemeanour, and shall and may be protested for the same in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench here in England^ upon Information exhibited by His Majesty's Attorney General, or upon Indictment found; in which Information or Ic&hneot such Offence may be laid and charged* to have been aamftted in the County* of Middlesex; and all and every Person or Pefaa to offending shall on ConviAion be liable to such Punishment by bapifonment and Fine, or either, as the Court shall adjudge or. award, my Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

55Gk.HI. F II. And

C. 23,

A.D. ie

6*

Persons offend* inp may be feised, and brought to England, to await their Trial.

Persons landing (ocher than Officers and Seamen belonging to Shipa of War) shall return to the £htp when ordered, or be taken into Custody.

Remaining in the Island with* out Licence.

Punishment.

Vefleh (etcept Vessels belonging to the Company, &c.) trading or touching at Saint Helena,

Or found havering.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person

Persons so offending shall and may be seized and brought to Engl for the Purpose of being so tned $ and that it shall and may lawful to and for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of Peace, and he and they is and are authorized and required to coni all and every such Person and Persons to the next County G there to remain until sufficient Security be given by natural h fiubje&s 6r Denizens, to appear in His Many's Coflrt of Ku Bench at Wtjimnfters to anfoer any Information of Indictment hibited or fouud, or to be exhibited or found, against him or th and Hot to go or depart out of Court, or out of this Kingdom* with Leave of the said Court.

III. And be it further efta&ed. That if any Person who shall ari at the said Island on board any Ship or Velel of and belonging-or chattered or employed by the said United Company as aforefi shall latid on the said liland from on board the same, or shall land the said Island from any of His Majesty's Ships cor Vessels of VI (except the Officers and Seamen of and belonging to such Ship Veflet of War, ) shall not, when thereunto ordered and required the said Governor, Or in hi9 Absence the Deputy Governor for I time being of the said Istand, forthwith return to atad repair board such Ship or Vessel from which he shall have so landed aforesaid, it shall find may be lawful for the said Governor, or in Absence the Deputy Governor for the time being, to feiiae and deft every such Person until he or she can be sent, and to fend him her on board the said Ship or Vessel from which he or she so land 8 aforesaid; and every Person who shall have so landed from a such Ship or Vessel as toft aforesaid, who shall> after the Departure such Ship or Vessel from the said Istand, remain on the said Ifla; without the Licence, Permtffion and Coufcnt of the said Govern or in his Absence the Deputy Governor so* the time being, (hall! deemed guilty of a MttdCmeanor, and shall and may be dealt wit prosecuted and punished in the same manner and form as Persons wl shall, without Licence, Permission and Consent as aforesaid, land fra any other Ship, Vessel or Boat not belonging to, chartered or e* ployed by the said United Company, or ordered by the said Cofl pany, or their Servants as aforesaid, to proceed to or rendezvous i the said Island.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall afid may be lawful I and for the Governor, or in his Absence the Depiity Governor i the said Island for the time being, or for the Commander for tl time being of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces ftfitioned c or at the said Island respectrvely, and the"Persons acting under h or their Ordere and Commands respectively, by all necessary Waj and Means to hinder and prevent any Ship, Vessel or Boat, Ships q Vessels or Boats, /except Ships and Vessels of and belonging to < chartered by the said United Company of Merchants, and also dull licensed by the said Company for that Purpose, is hereinbefoi mentioned, ) from repairing to, trading or touching at the said Hhuxi or having any Communication with the same; and to hinder and pw vent any Person or Persons from 'landing upon the said Island frert such Ships, Vessels or Boats, and to seize and detain oil and ever] Person and Persons that shall land upon the said ffland from the famei and all such Ships, Vessels or Boats (except as abote excepted^

A.D. 181&

36° GEO. III.

C.S3.

67

{kaRi^ar to, or trade, or Inch at the said lstand, or dull be found bomag within Eight Leagues of the Coal thereof, and which shall or rey bdowg, in the Whole or in Part, to any fnhjcft or Snbjcdi of Ha Majesty, or to any Ferfon or Perilous owing Allegiance to Ha Afafdby, shall and are hereby declared to be forfeited to His Mgefty, and shall and may be seized and detained, and brought to Eatfamd, and shall and may be profectated to Condemnation by His Majesty* Attorney General, in any of His Majesty'a Courts of Record at in such manner and form as any Ship, Vessel or

Boat may be seized, detained or profecnted, for any Breach or Violation of dm Navigation or Revenue Laws of this Country; and the Offence hr which such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall be proceeded against shall and may be laid and charged to have been done and committed in tbeCouty of Middkfix; and if any Ship, Vessel or Boat, not belonging in the Whole or in Part to any Person or Persons the Subject or Sujnelh of or owing Allegiance to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, (kail repair to, or trade or touch at the said island of Sami Hekaa, or dull be found hovering within Eight Leagues of the Cad thereof, and shall not depart from the said island or the Coast thereof when and so soon as the Mailer or other Person having the Charge and Command thereof shall be ordered so to do by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the said island for the time being, or by the Commander of His Majesty's Naval or Military Force ftatfoued at or off the said island for the time being, (unlefs in case of unavoidable Necdfity, or Distress of Weather, ) tuch Ship or Vessel shaft be deemed forfeited, and shall and may be seized and detained and profecnted in the same manner as is hereinbefore enacted as to Ships, Vcfiek or Boats of or belonging to any Subject or Sttoefc^YfaM^efty.

V. Provided always, and be k enacted. That if any Ship or Vessel {ball happen, by Stress of Weather, Peril of the Sea, or other inevitable Aeadcwt or other urgent Necessity, to be driven or forced to the fesd lstand, and from fetch Cause to touch thereat, and the Master or other Person having the Command of fetch Ship or Vessel flmll forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Cause thereof, to the Governor, or in his Ab fence to the Deputy Governor of the said island for the tune being, or to the Commander of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces for the time being, or one of them; and shall, daring the time that fetch Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to remain at the fead lstand, in all things conform to the Directions and Orders of the said Governor, or in his Absence of the feud Deputy Governor for the time being; and the said Ship or Vessel shall quit the said lstand, and depart therefrom, with au the Crew and ftrifcogere of and belonging to the said Ship or Vessel, as and when the said Governor, or in his Absence the Deputy Governor for the time befog, or the Commander of His Majesty* Naval or Military Forces at the feud Ifisnd for the time being, or either of them, shall foeft and require; such Ship or Vessel shall not be feilyefl to For-fcftnrc, nor Audi the Owners or Matter or Crew thereof, or any Per-faaor Ferfoos on board the same, who shall so conform to such Bfodfoas and Orders as aforefeud, be liable to any of the*Pains, fafoti or Pufriflainents hereinbefore mentioned t Provided never-thflese, dot the Proof of such Ship or Vessel having been drive* or (owed to repair to and touch at the feud lstand, by Stress of Wea*

F 2 ther,

Forfeited, seized and brought to England for

Profecutiou.

Foreign VafTeU hovering and not departing on Order,

seized and pro. fecuted.

Proviso for Vessel* driven by Streli of Weather into Saint Helena*

Such Veflel! departing when able not liable to Forfeiture.

Onus probandt on Party claiming Exemption,

70

When payable.

In case His Serene Hi&hneis survive the Priocefe an Annuity of 50, 000!. to be granted for his JJfe.

When payable.

Annuities to be payable at the Exchequer without Feet.

C. 2*. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 1816.

Year $ (that is to say), the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, in every Year, by even and equal Portions; the First Payment thereof to be made on the First Quarterly Day of Payment next after the said Marriage, of such Proportion of such Quarterly Payment as shall have accrued between the Day of Marriage and such Quarter Day; and that the said Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds shall and may by such Letters Patent he directed to he issuing and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain during the Life of Her said Royal Highness, (after paying or reserving Tufficient to pay all such Sums as shall have been directed to be paid out of the same by any Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the time of paffingthis Ad, ) and with a Preference to all other Payments which shall or may at any time or times after the passing of this Act he charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meijfen, Landgrave of Tburinguen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfcld, in case he shall survive Her said Royal Highness Princess Charlotte Au-gufta, or to such Person or Persona as His Majesty shall think (it to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Use of or in Trust for His Serene Highness, One Annuity or Yearly Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, rart of the said Annuity or Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds; which Annuity or Yearly Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, to commence and take effect immediately from and after the Deceaseof Her said Royal Highness Princess Charlotte Augufia, and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of His said Serene Highness, and shall he paid and payable at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say), the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, in every Year by even and equal Portions; the First Payment thereof to be made on the First Quarterly Day of Payment next after the Decease of Her said Royal Highness, of such Proportion of such Quarterly Payment as shall have accrued between the Day of such Decease and such Quarter Day; and that the said Annuity of Fifty thousand Pounds shall and may by such Letters Patent he directed to he ifTuingand payable out of the said Consolidated Fund during the Life of His.said Royal Highness, (after paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Sums as shall have been directed to be paid out of the lame by any Act or Acts of Paxiiament made previous to the time of passing this Act, ) and with a Preference to all other Payments which shall or may at any time or times after the passing of this Act be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuities of Sixty thousand Pounds and Fifty thousand Pounds shall refoedively be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall and he is hereby required, by virtue of such Letters Patent, to make forth and oafs Debentures from time to time for paying, according to the Directions of this Act, the said Annuities respeaivdy as the same shall become due and payable.

A.XMU&

71

4f* GEO. «I. C. 24, 2fi,

aUe>*kmt any Fees w Ch»rgt» to be denuded qr token for poy-tag the bm> or any Pari thereof; and the said Debenture# to pe Bade ibfth and patted as aforcfiud Audi be a fpfficient Authority to the federal and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer saw and for the tine being, for the Payment of the said Annuuips djpcdiifly, according to the Direction* of this Act, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for* had or stowed in that Behalf.

IV. And be it further enacted, That (be said Annuities of Sfaty thouseod Pounds and Fifty thousand Pounds* and every Part thereof reCpedirely, shall h« free and clear from all Tages, Rates and AflfeflP mean* and all other Charges whatsoever, imposed or to he imposed by Authority of Parliament or othtevrife.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Butter. f3otb April 1816/}

WHEREAS it i# expedient that the feyeraj and refoqftwe«W Duties of GuAonit payable on the Importation of Rutter,

from Foreign Countries into the United Kingdoms {should be ropealed, and that other Duties should be impoled jn lieu tptfepf i Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of tl* Lord# Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assemblfd* and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Pities of Customs payable by Law upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Butter from Foreign Countries shall cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the faro Fifth Day of April: and that from and after the fad Fifth Day of Ato«7, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Duties, as the same are inserted, described and let forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed marked I A.)

II, And bo it fqrther enacted. That such of the said Duties as shall srifc in th#t Part of Great Britan called Engkmj shall be under tl* Management of the CommiiEoners, of Customt m England for die lime being; and such thereof as (haB srife in that Part of Great Brito# called Scotland shall be muter the Mwgewent of the Cpnupiffipners of the Cu^oms in Scotland for the time being j and thereof as toB ari£ W that fart of the United Kingdom called hdflaA foil be under the Management of the Cpm^ffioner# of the Gw<m and Ppft Duties ip Jrdand. lift And bo it further <wfted» Tbs* fa said Duties (ha)l be mt Jterwned, raitedi levied, cojle&jedf paid apd recovered ip

...i the fife mapper as any JDqtte* of Cwom of a like N#tnr*

iqwigedt ^(certaineda raised, levied, csilested, paid and recovered, g4 updar wl tohjoft tq the feversi powers. Conditions, Rutev , 9t JUftjci&iqns, Penuries apd Forfeitures of any Act W

its w »fvee, in relation (p or fa famw

F 4 the

Tax free.

Instead of the Duties repealed, those Specified in Table annexed to be paid.

Duties under Management of Commissionera'of Customs.

pubes levied M ptber Duties of Cufanx.

56° GEO. III.

AJ).181

70 C. 24?.

When payable. Year; (that is to say), the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth L of April, the Fifth Day of Ju/y, and the Tenth Day of OGober, every Year, by even and equal Portions; the FirCb Payment them to be made on the First. Quarterly Day of Payment next after the f;

Marriage* of such Proportion of such Quarterly Payment as_shall hz cruea b< " --

)t Sixty thouiana rounds man and may \ such Letters Patent be directed to be issuing and payable out of t

accrued between the Day of Marriage and such Quarter Day; a that the said Annuity ox Sixty thousand Pounds shall and may 1

In case His Serene Highness survive the Princefc an Annuity of 5<V>ool. to be granted for his Life.

When payable.

Consolidated Fund of Great Britain during the Life of Her fa Royal Highness, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all fu»

Sums aa shall have been directed to be paid out of the lame by at Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the time of passing th Ad, ) and with a Preference to all other Payments which shall < may at any time or times after the passing of this Act be charge upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Th King's Most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under th Great Seal of Great Britains to give and grant unto His Serer Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe» Margrave cl Metffeny Landgrave of Tburinruen, Prince of Cobourg of SaalfclA, r. cafehe shall survive Her said Royal Highness Princess Charlotte Au* gufla, or to such Person or Persona as His Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Uh of or in Trull for His Serene Highness, One Annuity or Yearly Sun of Fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, Part oV the said Annuity or Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds; which Annuity or Yearly Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, to commence and take effect immediately from and after the Deceascoi Her said Royal Highness Princefa Charlotte Augujla, and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of His Cadd Serene Highness, and shall be paid and payable at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say), the Fifth "Day of January the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, in every Year by even and equal Portions; the First P«y* meat thereof to be made on the First Quarterly Day of Payment next after the Decease of Her said Royal Highness, of Inch Proportion of such Quarterly Payment as shall have accrued between the Day of such Decease and such Quarter Day; and that the said Annuity of Fifty thousand Pounds shall and may by such Letters Patent be & rested to be issuing and payable out of the said Consolidated Fund during the Life of His.said Royal Highness, (after paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Sums as shall have been directed to be paid out of the same by any Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the time of passing this Act, ) and with a Preference to ill other Payments which shall or may at any time or times after the passing of this Act be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

Annuities to be IU. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuities of Sixty

payable at the thousand Pounds and Fifty thousand Pounds shaft refpcdhely be Exchequer paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer , sod

without Fees, the Auditor of the said Receipt shall and he is hereby required, by

virtue of such Letters Patent, to make forth and oafs Debentures from time to time for paying, according to the Dieefiuons of this Asti the said Annuities respeoivdy as the same shall become due and y*y« -*able

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 26.

IS

April, in lies and in (lead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be nifed. lewd, collected and paid, unto His Majesty. his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Duties, as the same are infer ted, defoihcd and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed marked (A.)

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as shall Dutiei under arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England for the Comnufliouen time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great 0 Cu omB* Britain called Seat fond shall be under the Management of the Com-

missioneTS of the Customs in Scotland for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall be under the Management of the Commissiorfers of the Cuf-oms and Port Duties in Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be Duties levied a* managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, in other Duties of such and the like Manner as any Duties of Customs of a like Nature Custom1,

are managed, ascertained. raised. levied, collected. paid and recovered, and under and fobjed to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain or Ireland; and all Pains,

Penalties. Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained,

shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if they ware at large re- [ pealed and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time Application of arifrag from the said Duties in Great Britain (the necessary Charges Duties.

of raofing and accounting for the same respectively excepted! shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties called Permanent Duties, imposed by an Act, passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 49 G.3. c.98. intituled An Act for repealing the fevered Dutiei of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof are directed to be appropriated and applied; and that all Monies arising from the said Duties in Ireland, the neceffeiy Charges of raising and accounting for the same being deducted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied A£ may he

or repealed by any Ad to be pasted in this Session of Parliament. altered, &c.

TABLE (A.) to which this Act refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Chrefe from Foreign Countries.

£ /. d.

CHEESE, Imported in a Britj/b-built Ship, the Cwt. — 10 6 - - ., Imported in a Foreign-built Ship, the Cwt.- — 13 —

CA P.

C. 27.

$6* GEO. m.

A.D. 1S16.

55 3- c-156-

19 0.3. e.74.

13 G. 3. c. 46.

55 G.3.C.156.

$ I. so fir as relates to repeal of 24 G. 3. c.56. continued.

ProvHtons of 24 G. 3. c. 56* valid in relation to Proceedings commenced before Art of last Session.

Persons con* v 16ted of any Crime puniUi-able by Trans-

accordingly.

CAP. XXVII.

An A Q. to amend several Laws relative to the Tran (port at ion of Offenders; to continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

[30th April 1816.]

WHEREAS 9X1 A* passed in the last Session of Parliament, V» intituled An Act to amend the Law relative to the Tremfo

Nation of Offendert % to continue in force until the Fiefo Hap of ay One thousand eight hundred and foxteen And Whereas St is 4 expedient that the Regulations and Frovifton* of the said Act, and 4 that certain of the Provisioaa of Two federal Acts, passed in the 4 Nineteenth and Twenty fifth Years rrspectively of the Reign of 4 His pretent Muefty, relating to the Transportation and Removal 4 of Offenders, mould be continuedBe it therefore en?ded by The Ring's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ia this preteot Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be and the same is hereby continued, id far as relates to the Repeal of# the said therein recited Act of the Twenty fourth Yqar of Hia pretent Majesty, intituled An Act for the effectunl Jranffoor*-ation of Felons and other Offenders» and to authorise the Removal Prisoners in certain cases, and for other Purposei therein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further eroded; That it shall he lawful for any Court or Judge, or Justice or Justices, duly authorized in that Behalf, to carry into Execution the Provisiqp of the said Act of the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His pretent Majesty, ia relation to the Transportation, Removal or Confioespopt of any Offender, convicted and sentenced before the passing of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or to the continuing of any Proceedings commenced before the Faffing of tb* ten) Ad, notwithstanding the Repeal of thq said Act 01 the Twenty fourth Year afore teid, or to proceed in relation to any such Qfonder, or in relation to the continuing any such Proceedings under the Provisiona of this Act, as to such Court, Judge, Jufttqe or Jqftjces shall teem most expedient; any thing in the M recited Act of the Jqft Session of Parliament, or this Act, contained to the eoqtrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after $e gaffing of this Act, it shall be lawful ter the Court before whWh any Person or Persons shall have been or shall be eqnvi&sd at. any Seftojt vf Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or at aqy Quarter or Other General Session of the Peace to be hotoep for any County % Ri4fng» Division, City, Town, Borough, Liberty Qr Plaofi, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or at any Great Session to be holden for the County Palatine of Chefoer, or within the PriampnUty of IValct) of Grand or Petit Larceny, or any other Gffenos for which such Person or Persons shall have been or be subject to be trans^orted, to order and adjudge, or any subseqput Court holden at any Place ter the same County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Borough, Liberty or Place respectively, with like Authority to order and adjudge, that such Person or Persons so convicted as

afore*

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 26.

73

April, h lira and astead of the Duties hereby repealed* there shall be raffiedt irori, coBcfted and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Sococdbrs, the several and respective Duties, as the Dune are inserted, dctenbed and let forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed ssrked (A.)

JL And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as shall Duties under tde in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Managementif Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England for the Comm«fBoner» tone being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great °* om*' Brit aim called Scotland shall be finder the Management of the Com-tdflknoi of the Customs in Scotland for the time being; and such thereof as (kali arise in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Cuf-onss and Port Dudes in Ireland.

Ill* And be it farther enacted, That the said Duties shall be Duties levied< managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, in «her Duties of such and the like Manner as any Duties of Customs of a like Nature CustonM* are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules,

Regdatkm*, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures of any Act or Aas of Padsasnent now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain or Ireland; and all Pains,

Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed agnail or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or xmmedntehr before the paf&ng of this Act, made for securing the Revenue ot Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the fevers! Claudes, Powers and Directions therein contained,

shaft be in fed! Force and Efifed as to the said Duties, as fully and cffieftua&y to act Intent* and Purposes, as if they ware at large re-pea ted and re-crafted in this Act.

IV. And be it farther enacted, That all Monies from time to time Application of anting from the had Duties in Great Britain (the necessary Charges Duties, of raffing and accounting for the same respectively excepted! shall bum time to tune be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same maimer as the Duties called Permanent Duties, imposed by an Act, paffrrf in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 49 G.3. c.98. intituled An Act for repealing the fevered Duties of Customs charge-die m Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof are dirrfted to be appropriated and applied; and that all Monks arising from the said Dimes in Ireland, the neceflaxy Charges of raising and accounting far the same being dedusted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Confotidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied Act may he or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. altered, &c.

TABLE (A.) to which this Act refers.

A TABLE of the Dudes of Customs payable on the Importation nan Great Britain of Chrefe from Foreign Countries.

£ s. d.

CHEESE, Imported in a Britf/b^vStt Ship, the Cwt. — 10 6

Imported in a Foreign-built Ship, the Cwt. — 13 —

CA P.

C. 27.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 18I6.

Fee to Clerks of Afllse, Arc. same as heretofore.

Persons undertaking to trans. port Offenders, to give proper Security.

Court may appoint justices to contract for Transportation of Offenders, on Security by Bond.

Securities to be certified by Justices to the next Court, and kept amongst the Record*

Charges of Contracts paid by Order ef Quarter Session*.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk of the Court, shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town or Place, the same Fee as hath been usually paid, or such Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk of the Court is entitled to, for the Order of Transportation of any Offender,

V. And be it enacted, That every Person or Persons to whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be transferred as afpresaid, shall, before any of them shall be delivered over to him or them to be transported, give Security that he or they will transport, or cause to be transported effectually, such Offender or Offenders to such Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas respectively, as shall be appointed by His Majesty in such manner as aforesaid, and procure such Evidence as the Nature of the Case will admit, of the landing of such Offender or Offenders so transferred as aforesaid, in that Place or Part or those Places or Parts beyond the Seas, whereto he, (he or they shall be ordered to be transported (Death and Casualties by Sea excepted); and that he, (he or they shall not be suffered to return to Great Britain or Ireland by the wilful Default of the Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, or of his or their Assigns.

VI. And be it also enacted, That every such Court as aforesaid may appoint Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall have been convicted, who shall have Power, and are hereby required to con trad with any Person or Persons who shall be nominated by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Performance of the Tranlportation of such Offender or Offenders, and to order such Security to be taken as aforesaid; and also to cause such Offender or Offenders to be delivered by the respective Gaolers or Persons in whose Custody he, (he or they shall be, to the Person or Persons con tracting, or to his or their Amgns; which Contracts and Security shall be certified by the Justices, who shall make and take the same to the next Court to be holden, with the like Authority, for the said County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, to be filed and kept among the Records of such Court; and ail Securities for Tranlportation shall be by Bond in the Name of the respective Clerks of the Peace, or other Clerks of the Court, who shall prosecute such Bonds in their own Names; for which Purpose every such Clerk of the Peace, or Clerk of the Court, and his Successors respectively, shall be deemed a Body Corporate, and shall have and be paid all such Costs as they shall sustain in any such Suit, as the Justices of the Peace shall at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace direct, out of the Public Stock; and all Monies recovered on such Bonds shall be for the Use of the respective County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, and be paid to their respective Treasurers, to be Part of the Public Stock; and all Charges in or about making die Contracts, taking Securities, and conveying Felons and other Offenders in order to be transported, shall be borne by each County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough or Place for which the Court was held which ordered such Offenders to be transported; and the respective Treasurers shall, by Order of the Justices in Quarter Sessions, pay all such Charges to the Persons employed.

VII. And

AJU816.

56° GEO. III.

75

e.27.

aforesaid, M be traafported beyond the Seal for any Term not exceed^ be Number of Years or Term for which such Person or Pcrfaw norare or shall be liable by any Law to be traasported; and array such case it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by HU Majesty aadwkk tk Advice of his Privy Council, to declare and appoint m«y appoint nrotkr Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas, in adaition ^cefc tifoch u flnU have been heretofore declared and appointed by His for that Purpose, either within His Majesty's Dominions, or dfcwhere out of His Mriefty's Dominions, to which any such Felons or other Odmdm shall be conveyed or traasported; and such Court as aforesaid is hereby authorized and required to order such Offenders to be tratfemd to the Use of any Person or Persons, and hn or thdr Aligns, who shall coo trad for the due Performance of teh TzaafportaboB; and when His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, fall be pleased to extend Mercy to any Offender or Offenders, who hath or hare been or shall be coavicted of any Crime or Crimes for which he, (he or they is, are or shall be by Law excluded from the Benefit of Clergy, upon Condition of Traofportatson to any Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas, either for a Term of life, or any Number of Years, and such Intention of Mercy On lotsotwn d flail be figdfied by one of His Majesty'* Principal Secretaries of Mercy signified. State, it fall be fewfol for any Court, haring proper Authority/to allow such Offender or Offenders the Benefit of a Conditional Pardon, and In older such Offender or Offenders to be traafported for such Term of life or Years as shall be specified in such Condition of Transoortabon as aforesaid, and to make such Order of Transfer a* afarefeid; and when any Offender or Offenders hath or have Ware fail be rounded of any Crime or Crimes for which he, (he or they is or are by Law excluded the Benefit of Clergy, the Judge judge m»y before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, or any make Order foe Jdboe of the Xing's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the "?ra*llale.Exchequer, of the Degree of the Coif, in case the said Offender or TrinfPorUtKm* Ofatdcre fall bare ten tried in any Court of Oyer and Terminer or GaelDdrary EwgUmdt or any Justice of Chtfer or Wakit in case the feed Offender or Offenders shall be tried and conridod within my of thriricfpe&ve Juriidi&oo*, (hall# on such Intention of Morris aforesaid bring figmfied to him by One of the frid Praripri Secretaries of State, make an Order for the iqumodiate Tnofaorta&bn of such Offender or Offenders, and for such Offender or Offenders to be'tmnsferred as aforesaid, in the same manner as if fed Istentian of Mercy had been signified by one of the said Principal Secretaries of State during the Continuance of the Affixes or Sessions re which fitch Offender or Offenders was or were condensed} sari Ui Order shall be confidcved as an Order made at such Affix* or Sessions ns aforesaid* and shall be as effedunl* and tee all the same Consequenoes an any Order for the Traaftettatio* of soy Offender or Offenders made by any Justice of Oyer and Tauber, Great Session, or Gaol Delivery for any County, Cky,

Ubow, Borough or Place, during the Conrinuaoooo of the Affixes wfafoss; and fwch Person or Persons so cootracting as aforesaid, Oontv»dorto hb wfar Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer as aforesaid* have Property faB tea Property in the Service of such Offender or Offenders* Service of triad Tam JUeor Y ttnfcr which such Qffwter Ofepdew ofcDier-9uil fate bu onioned to be teiofoorted.

VI. And

His Majesty empowered to order the Removal of Male Prisoners.

Offender ex-a rained by Surgeon.

Offender to remain in Gaol until removed.

On Receipt of Order, Gaoler or Sheriff to te-move Offender, and deliver him to Overseer, together with Copy of Caption.

Feet to be paid at usual.

C.2*. 66°GKO. III. A.D. 18H5.

Efe with such Transportation, and allow of the Return of any li Offender or Offenders to this Kingdom.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, from time to time, by an Order in Writing to be notified by one of the said Principal Secretaries of State, or for any Three or more of such of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace a£ling in and for the County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Liberty or Place in which any Gaol shall be situated, as shall be authorized by His Majesty under His Sign Manual, to direct the Removal of any Male Offender or Offenders who shall be under Sentence of Death, but reprieved during His Majesty'* Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, ana who, having been examined by an experienced Surgeon or Apothecary, shall appear to be free nom any putrid or infectious Dif-temper, and fit to be removed from the Gaol or Prison in which such Offender or Offenders shall be confined, to such Place of Confinement within England or the Dominion of Wales, either at Land or on board any Snip or Vessel to be provided by His Majesty in the River Thames* or any navigable or other River, or within the Limits of any Port or Harbour of England or Wales* as His Majesty, or any Three of such Justices authorized as aforesaid, shall from time to time appoint, under the Management of a Snperintendant and Overseer to be appointed by His Majesty, or any Three or more of such Justices authorized as aforesaid; and every Offender who shall be so removed shall continue in the said Place of Confinement, or be removed to and confined in any other such Place or Places as aforesaid, as His Majesty, or any Three or more of such Justices authorized as aforesaid, from time to time shall appoint, until such Offender shall be transported according to Law, or, by the Expiration of the Term of such Transportation or otherwise, shall be entitled to his Liberty, or until His Majesty, or any Tlnee or more of such Justices so authorized as aforesaid, shall direift the Return of such Offender to the Gaol or Prison from which he shall have been so removed; and the Sheriff or Gaoler having the Custody of any Offender whose Removal shall be ordered in manner aforesaid, shall with all convenient Speed, after the Receipt of the Notification of any such Order, convey or cause to be conveyed every such Offender to the Place appointed, and there deliver him to such Snperintendant or Overseer, together with a true Copy, attested by such Sheriff or Gaoler, of the Caption and Order of the Court before which such Offender was tried, containing the Sentence of Transportation of each such Offender respectively, by virtue whereof he shall be in the Caftody of such Sheriff or Gaoler; and also a Certificate containing his Age, and an Account of his Behaviour m Prison before and inter hisTrial, and the Gaoler's Observatfons on his Temper and Dispofmon, and such Information concerning Ins Connexions and former Course of Life as may have come to the Gaoler's Knowledge; tad such Superintendant or Overseer as aforesaid shall gfre a proper Receipt in Writing to the Sheriff or Gaoler for the Discharge of such Sheriff or Gaoler.

X. And be it further enacted, That all such Fees, on the deliver, ing out of Custody of any such Offender so ordered to be removed, as have usually been paid and would have been due to the Sheriff hr Gaoler in case such Offender had been removed in order to

have

AD. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.27.

77

VIL AW be it further traded* That the Person or Persont so Perrons coo-conindstf b afarefoid* and to whom any Offender or Offenders intTwif-

ftvall beiflwemi in order to be transported* or any Person or Per- P0" fottjdrrdnf by tbc said Justices (empowered to contract as afore- Jh^J>Jj|h7ny* fWj or thrir Aligns, may* in such manner as they shall think fit* County u> Senary »d franc the said Offenders in and through any County of port.

Great Britan* towards the Seaport or Place from whence they are»be transported; and if any Person or Persons shall rescue such Offenders or any of them* or afUft them or any of them in making their Hope from such Person or Persons as shall hare them in their E&apo.

Cutlodj s aforesaid* he* (he or they shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and hall fuller Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit Doth* of Clergy.

VIII. Asdbe k further enacted* That if any Offender or Offen- PeKoofiwMat den who hall hare been or shall be so ordered by any such Court as aforesaid to be transported* or who shall have agreed or shall agree s^uoct. to transport himself or herself on certain Conditions* either for Life or any Number of Years* under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Twenty fourth Year aforesaid* or of the said recited Act of the hit Session of Parliament* or any other Act or Acts of Paifiamat, to any such Place or Places* Part or Parts as shall have been nr hall be appointed by His Majesty in manner aforesaid* .

/hall be afterward* at large within any Part of the United Kingdom

of Grett Broom and Ireland* without some lawful cause* before

the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender or Offenders

(kail have been ordered to he transported* or shall have so agreed

to transport himself or herself as aforesaid* every such Offender

being at large as aforesaid* being thereof lawfully con vide d, shall

soso Death* as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and

such Offender or Offenders may be tried either before the Justices w"er>

of Aifixe* Oyer and Terminer* Great Sessions or Gaol Delivery*

for the County* City* Liberty* Borough or Place where such

Offender or Offenders hall be apprehended and taken* or from

whence be* (he or they were ordered to be transported; and the

Clerk of the Assize, Clerk of the Peace* or other Officer or Clerk

of the Court having the Custody of the Records where such Order

of Tnufportation Sail be made* shall* at the Request of the Prose*

cutoCf or any other Person on His Majesty's Behalf, make out and

give a Certificate in Writing signed by kirn* containing the Effect Certificate con-

and Sobftance only (omitting the formal Part) of every Indictment tainin*Sob<bnc«

and Convicton ot such Offender or Offenders* and of the Order n meRta

for his or her Transportation* to the Justices of Assize* Oyer and

Terminer, Great Sessions or Gaol Delivery* where such Offender

or Offenders shall be indaded (not taking for the same more than Fas.

Six Sh&bgi and Eight pence) which Certificate shall he sufficient Proof of the Condition and Order for the Transportation of such Offender or Offenders; and whoever shall discover and prosecute to Coovi&OQ any such Offender or Offenders so being at large as fiordsd, shall be entitled to a Reward of Twenty Pounds for every lUwtrd on fah Offender so consided, and shall have such Certificate to receive Conviaion. the hoe as any Person or Persons may be entitled unto for the appending and profeenting to Conviction Persons who have committedmv Robbery upon the Highway: Provided neverthekfa* Prtmfofcr that His Majesty* his Heirs and SucceUors* may pardon and dif- Pardon.

pense

HU Majesty empowered to order the Removal of Male Prisoners.

Offender examined by Surgeon.

Offender to remain in Gaol until removed.

On Receipt of Order, Gaoler or Sheriff to remove Offender, and deliver him to Overseer, together with Copy of Caption.

Feet to be paid at usual.

C.2*. 66° GKO. III. A.D.

pense with such Transportation, and allow of the Return i such Offender or Offenders to this Kingdom.

IX.'And be it further enacted, That from and after^the t of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, from time to by an Order in Writing to be notified by one of the said Prij Secretaries of State, or for any Three or more of such oi Majesty'8 Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Rj Dirifion, City, Borongh, Liberty or Place in which any Gaol; be situated, as shall be authorized by His Majesty under His Manual, to direct the Removal of any Male Offender or Offe who shall be under Sentence of Death, but reprieved during Majesty'« Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transports and who, having been examined by an experienced Surgeon or.thecary, shall appear to be free from any putrid or infectious temper, and fit to be removed from the Gaol or Prison in which Offender or Offenders shall be confined, to such Place of Cob ment within England or the Dominion of Wales y either at Lan on board any Ship or Vessel to be provided by His Majesty in River Thames, or any navigable or other River, or within the Li: of any Port or Harbour o? England or fYalesy as His Majesty. any Three of such Justices authorized 89 aforesaid, shall from t to time appoint, under the Management of a Superintendant Overseer to be appointed by His Majesty, or any Three or m of such Justices authorized as aforesaid; and every Offender f shall be so removed shall continue in the said Place of Confintim or be removed to and confined in any other such Place or Places aforesaid, as His Majesty, or any Three or more of such Jufti i authorized as aforesaid, from time to time shall appoint, until ft Offender shall be transported according to Law, or, by the f piration of the Term of such Transportation or otherwise, shall entitled to his Liberty, or until His Majesty, or any TTnree or roc of such Justices so authorized as aforesaid, shall direct the Return such Offender to the Gaol or Prison from which he shall have been i removed; and the Sheriff or Gaoler having the Custody of any CI fender whose Removal shall be ordered in manner aforesaid, shall wii all convenient Speed, after the Receipt of the Notification of ar such Order, convey or cause to be conveyed every such Offender t j the Place appointed, and there deliver him to such Superintendant c1 Overseer, together with a true Copy, attested by such Sheriff c! Gaoler, of the Caption and Order of the Court before which fnc I Offender was tried, containing the Sentence of Transportation o! each such Offender respectively, by virtue whrreof he shall be i the Custody of such Sheriff or Gaoler; and also a Certificate con taining his Age, and an Account of his Behaviour in Prison Wort and after his Trial, and the Gaoler's Observations on his Tempei and Dispofitioti, and such Information concerning his Connexion and former Course of Life as may have come to the Gaoler's Know ledge j and such Superintendant or Overseer as aforesaid fhatt grit a proper Receipt m Writing to the Sheriff or Gaoler for the Discharge of such Sheriff or Gaoler.

X. And be it further enacted, That all such Fees, on the delivering out of Custody of any such Offender so ordered to be removed, .as have usually been paid and would have been due to the Sheriff i hr Gaoler in case such Offender had been removed in order to

have i

A.D. 181S.

wgeo.hi.

C. 27.

79

tftd all redfoKable Expences which the Sheriff Expence* paid or Gtffcr ftaS wear in every such Removed, shall be paid by they County, Ac. Cwnty Jtidibg, Drwfion* City, Borough, Liberty or Place fqr wllitlrCout in which the Offender wai confided shall have been

Ml; m4 tie Sheriff or Gaoler shall receive the Money due for such Expeaca from the Treasurer of such County* Riding* Division*

Cirri Boresgh* Liberty or Place* such Feet and Ex pence# being ki slowed by the Order of the Joffices of the Peace* at their Quartern other General Sessions of the Peace* who are hereby required to oak* (ach Order as shall be juff in that Behalf.

XL And be it further enacted* That where any Offender shall be For deanfing brought tony futh Place of Confinement at aforesaid, in pursuance of «* purifying the Bowen coatamed in this Act* he shall be waffled* cleansed and ^*hln* punfieLid the Clothes m which be fliaH be then clothed shall be Ofrendm' caret, ff necessay, or otherwise shall be preferred and taken care of for (so bj the Overdeer of the Place of Confinement* and redeliv* ftrd to tfa upon bb quitting it* or fold for his Benefit* and the Produce thereof accounted far to him by the Overseer aforesaid; m& when such Offender shall be finally discharged* either at the End orxxhtrDetmeiaarion of his Term* such other decent Clothing, at ML be judged ueoefiary and proper by the Superintendant aformid* shall be delivered to such Offender by the Overseer of the Place of OnAeant frees which he is discharged, and also such Sam of Mooev for Ini inunedhfte Suibfifteftce* as the said Superintendant Ad tank proper* do as such Sum shall not in any case exceed Three Boms.

XlL And be it father enacted*That after the Removal of any Of- Overseer* to fcodemndet fife Act, the Superintendant or Overseer who shall have

die OAs&j dUfa, stol during the Term of such Custody have the same Powtn overturn is ire incident to the Office of a Sheriff or Gaolen'

Gaoler, and h fib manner be answerable for any Escape of such (Mender; tod tSb daringfuch Custody shall fee him fed and clothed according to a Scale of Diet and Clothing to be fixed on, anA notified* Writing by One of His Majesty'a Principal Secretaries of State to the Superintendant; and mail keep such Offender to Labour, at fad Paces and under such Regulations, Directions, Limitations and ftelriftions* Us His Majesty* or any Three or more of such Ju&xtt so authorized an aforesaid* shall from time to time* by any Order to be directed to such Superintendant or Overseers for their Inftroftion, appoint: And it is hereby declared* that the time Time of Induing which any Offender shall have continued m Gaol under Sen- prifauMut to tract of Transpoftatkm, or being removed under the Provisions afore- Pilt

End* laB continue confined by virtue of this Act* shall be taken °* Tnn* and reckoned in Discharge or Part Qtfcharge or fctiifedion of the Tens of hb Transportation.

XHL And be it further enacted* That if any Offender shall during Overseer* may such Custody under this Act be guilty of any Mi (behaviour or dii- Jj* moderate udedy Cooauft, it Audi be lawful for such Superintendant or Over- £S5^lme^if0C her baring the Custody of such Offender to inffid or catffe to be ?

rilfted mb moderate Pmriftunefft or Correction as may be inflicted bjla* onPerfcras committed to a House of Correction; and if Efc*P« snybrii Offender shall break from or unlawfully escape from the Rcfcut*

Cnibdy of fudh Superintendant or Overseer, or if any Person IhaS iricu ur attempt to tefeue, or assist in refeuing any such

Offender

Puniflunent.

Superintendent to make Returns of Pii-ioners.

Times of Returns.

Appointment of Superintendent.

Report of the Treatment, Earnings of Prisonert, Sec, to be laid before Parliament.

C.27. 5^ GEO. Hi A.D. 181S.

Offender from such Custody, or shall convey or cause to be conveyed any Disguise, Instrument for effecting Escape or Arms to such Offender, every such Offence shall be punishable in the lame manner as it such Offender had been confined in a Gaol or Prison in the Custody of the Sheriff or other Gaoler, for the Crime of which such Offender shall have been convicted.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Superintendant of the several Places of Confinement to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall from time to time make Returns, specifying the Name of every Person in Custody in each of such Places of Confinement, the Offence of which he or she shall have been guilty, the Court before which he or she shall have been convisted, and the Sentence of such Court, together with his or her Age and bodily State, . and his or her Behaviour whilst in Custody; and also the Names of such Offenders who shall have died whilst in such Custody, or shall have escaped or have been lawfully discharged from the same; which Returns shall be made on the First Day of every Easter Term, and the First Day of every Mifbaelmas Term, to His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at WefiminRer, on the Oath of the Overseer of such refoeftive Places of Confinement, such Oath to be made before the said Court, or any Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits in the lame.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to appoint one fit and able Person to be Superintendent of any Place or Places of Confinement, either at Land or on board any Ship or Vessel, to which any such Offenders shall be removed by virtue of this Act; and in case it shall be deemed expedient, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to appoint One fit and proper Person to be Assistant or Deputy to the said Superintendant at each or any of the said Places of Confinement; and to be constantly resident at or near such Place or Places of Confinement; and also One proper Person to be Overseer on board each such Ship or Vessel, who, with a sufficient Number of Officers and Guards, shall constantly reside on board; and such Superiu-tendant shall personally visit and inspect such Places of Confinement Four times in every Year, or oftener if Occasion shall require, and shall distinctly examine into the State of such Places of Confinement, the Behaviour and Conduct of the respective Afiiftants or Deputies, Overseers, Officers and Guards, the Treatment and Condition of the Prisoners, and the Amount of the several Earnings, and the Expences attending every such Place of Confinement, and shall make a faithful Report of the same to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, who shall cause such Report to be laid before both Houses of Parliament at die Beginning of every Session; and such Superintendant shall distinguish in such Report the Amount of the Earnings and Expences at each of such Places of Confinement, and shall state the average Number of Prisoners confined therein, and the Number of Days' Labour done by such Prisoners, distinguishing the Work of Artificers from that of Common Labourers, and such Superintendant shall also, in Matters of extreme Necessity, make a Special Report thereof to His Majesty's said Principal Secretary of State, who may, if he shall fee fit, lubrait such Special Report to the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, who are hereby authorized to afford such Redress or provide such Regulations

A.D. 1816.

OTGEO.I1L

C.57-

81

toons os they shall deem proper; and such Superintendent, Assistants Continuance of or Deputies respectively, and Overseers, shall continue in Office SuP^rimemUntf dnraw Hu Majesty's Pleasure, and shall receive such Salaries as Hisc*m office* Majesty shall appoint; and such Superintendant shall be paid such travelling and other reasonable Expences as shall be incurred by him io Discharge of his Duty.

XVL And be it further enacted, That if any Offender hath Judgssmay already been ordered to be transported to any Part beyond the Seat, Sentences or if any Order shall at any time hereafter be made for the Trans- ^T[tnfport" portatkm of any Offender, and such Order cannot be conveniently executed with rcfped to the Place in such Order mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Court of King's Bench, or (in the Vacation time and out of Term) for any Two Justices of the Court of Kane's Bench, Common Pleas or Barons of the Court of Exchequer of toe Degree of the Coif, to order that such Offender shall be transported to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas, which shall have been appointed by His Majesty for the Transportation of such Offenders, in such and the like manner and for the same Term of Years as such Offender is or shall be liable to be transported to the Place mentioned in the original Sentence or Order for nis or her Transportation; and loch Order shall be considered as made at the same time, and Such order to shall be as effectual to every Intent and Purpose, and shall have all liste like Efcft the same Consequences in every eefped as the original Order for q the Transportation of such Offender; and such Offender shall be Transportation. transferred, conveyed and made over to any Person who will contract for the Performance of such Transportation, and to his or their Assigns, in like manner as if such Offender had been transported to the luce mentioned in the original Order of Transportation j and such Person or Persons so contra&fog as aforesaid, nis or their Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer as aforesaid, shall have a Property in the Service of the said Offender for the Remainder of the Term for which the Offender was originally ordered to* be transported; and Offender found in case any such Offender so ordered for Transportation shall be at large, afterwards at large within any Part of the Kingdom of Great Bri» -lets, without same lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender shall have been ordered to be transported, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and shall be Death, tried before such Judges, and in such manner, and the same Evidence made use of for his or her Conviction, as is or shall be directed by the Laws now in being or hereafter to be made for the Trial of other Offenders who shall be at large within this Kingdom before the Expiration of the Term for which they were ordered to be transported $ and whoever shall discover and prolecute to Conviction any such Of- tteward on fender (b befog at large within this Kingdom as aforesaid, shall be Couviction. entitled to a Reward of Twenty Pounds for every such Offender so. convicted, and shall have such Certificate to receive the same, as any Person may be entitled to for the apprehending and profecutfog to Coim&foi} Persons who have committed any Robbery upon the

And be it further enacted, That the Expences of carrying Account of Ex-this Act into Execution as for as the same relates to the Removal of P*00*1*^* Prisonm convicted, and remaining so Custody under Sentence of fort PtrlMin*nt* Death, and respited during His Majesty's Pleasure, or under Sentence

XGx>7uI. 6

APGEO.IIL

A.D. 181

General Issue.

Treble CofU

Limitation of AdHona.

X9 G. 3. e. 74. §i»*

*5 G. 3. c. 46.

Continuance of

Att.

or Order of Trinfpo#Ution to other Placet of Confinement* end wbk, are not otherwise provided for, shall be annually laid before bo Houses of Parliament, and shall be provided for in the next So plies to be granted to His Majesty by Parliament.

XVIII. And be it farther enacted, That if any Suit or Aftk, shall be prosecuted against any Person or Periods for any thing dot in ptlrfuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the Gener Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence star Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by the At thority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall psjfe for the Defendant < Defendants, or Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall beedme Nonsuit, or difeor tioue his, her or their Action or Actions after I flue joined, or if upc Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plainti or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (nail recover Treble Cofe and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendants ban b Law in other cases \ and notwithstanding a Verdict shall he given t any Plaintiff in such Action or Suit as afaresaid, such Plaintiff lUal n6t have Costs against the Defendant, unlefe the Judge before whon the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Verdict.

XIX. And be i« further ena&en, That all Actions, Saits anc Profecutaons to be commenced against any Person or Persons foi any Thing done in purfvanoe of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County and Place where the Fad was committed, and shall be commenced within Slat Calendar Months after the Fad com nutted, and not otherwise.

XX. And be it further enacted, That £0 much of an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year ef the1 Reign of His present Majesty, inti-faded An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to Transtnrtstiw Imprisonment and ether Pwmshment of certain Offender* as relates u Transpcrtatton beyond Seas, and to much of an Act passed in th Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitule* An Act for the more eJcBual Transportation of Fefane and otbn Offender* in that Part (f Great Britain called Scotland, and to oath rent the Removal of Ptijdnere tn certain Cases* as authorizes th Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, whicl were continued by subsequent Acts of the Twenty eighth, Thirtj fourth, Thirty ninth, Forty second, Forty sixth, Fifty third tod Fifty fourth Years respectively of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight fcusdm and fifteen, and until the End of the then next Session of Pub ment, shall be and the same is hereby continued for the Tern hereinafter mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That thin Ad shall continue tn be in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and no longer.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to enable the CommiflSoners of His Majesty's Treafori to issue Exchequer Bills, oft the Credit of f«ch Aids or Sup plies as have been or ftiali be granted by Parliament for tin Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eigh hundred and sixteen* £21 ft May xRi6^

u TREASURY may issue Exchequer Bills in manner preferib* " by 48 G. 3. c. t — -§ i, Chfelfes, dec. in the reeked Ad idatinj

n

JLD.M1*

58* GEailL

88

a to Eftkqwr BtHt extended to Act9 $ 2. PrtVifo M to ifltfing

Eftfapcr Ms on Credit of 55 G. j. c. 3. in any Giber Manner

a is tkj ire authorized by this Act, < 3. Interest not exceeding jM per Celt per Diem, f 4. Exchequer BiHs may, at Expfta-

tin ef Fear Months after Date, be taken in Payment of the B InwK, j r. Bank of England authorised to advance 8, oooo*obbl.

oe Credit ot Act, notwithrauding 5 & 6 W. 6c M. c. 20. — f 8.

CAP. XXIX.

Aq Act to make perpetual certain Temporary or War Lhtttes of Castans, on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods,

Warn ad Merchandize, and to repeal so much of lereral Acts paftd a die Forty fevcftfth, Forty ninth and Fifty first Tears of the Reign of His preferit Majesty, as chtfrge any Loans made for the Service of the Yefcra One thousand eight hundred and feren, One thousand eight hundred and nine, and One thousand eight hundred and eleven, upon the War Danes of Customs or Excise, and to charge such Loans on the Dubes of Customs made perpetual. [21ft May 1816. j

WHEREAS an Act passed in the toft Session of Parliamefat, 55 G. 3. c. 33.

4 Vf intituled An Act tv eoatimui, until the Fifth Day if July One 4 tbwfdni eight hutdrei endfixtttn9 certain Temporary or War Duhei 4 of Cedhm* ti tie Importation into Great Bntain of Goode, Wdree 1 and MercUdhe, smithy certain Duties of Custdukfc therm de-

(dbed iw costmud antil the Fifth Day of My One thotfUnd ' eWbttiafctd ltd fateen: And Whereas it is expedient that the 4 hid Dttfe forid be made perpetual f9 Be it therefore enactc*d hf Tlfe Kftfl Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adrioe and Coofot or (be Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Cotnmofis, m thk p&ht Farfitneat assembled, and by the Authority of the fam^

'Hat the TehpOrtry or War Duties of Customs on the Importation Duties con-into Graf Jb&m of Qomh, Wares and Merchandise, which Were tiuued by re-by tbeflidrtdfcrfAA of the last Session of Parliament eoMfiktfed c, teJA£* ra(de irtdl ti* fifth JkjdJtdy One thoafaad eight hundred dn& ftxteen, ua ' sass betid the mat arc hereby made permanent and- perpetual.

1 H. Asd Whofes ad Act passed in the Forty Wventh Yea* of 47 G. 3. SelT. x.

the Remtof His prefect Majesty, intituled An Act for charging thk c*W* §

Sm (f Twelve MilTtonj, Part of the Loan of Twelve million* two 4hundred thtifaud Pounds7 rat fed for the Service of Great Britain 1 fir tie Tt# One thousand eight hundred and seven9 wpok the Duties

tf Cufim end ixei/e granted to Hit Mayfly during the Continue 4 due if tie firefent War9 and for certain Period* after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and for providing a Sinking

Fundftr tie Redemption of the Stock* or Fund* thereby treated;

1 asd asothcr Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 490.1.6.9*.

' His prefect Majesty, intituled An Act for charging the Sum of I a,

4 Hewn Militiu teifedfor the Service of Great Britain for the Tear 4 Gm tionfmd eight hundred and nine9 and the Sum of Seven million*

1 dine kur/J and thirty two thousand one hundred Pounds in Ex-

cheque ML funded fvrfuAdt to an Act of thh Session df Parlia*

neat of* the Ddtee Wahttii ter Htt Mdfijty during the Continuance9tf tkfAfil Wot9 oitd fW Mrt&K period* after Ihi Ratification

G 2 ' of

C29, SO:

56° GEO. III.

A«D, 1816;

5i G.3. c.6i.

I*.

repealed. Application of Duties.

AB maybe altered, dec.

of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and another Act passed in the

Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An

AS for charging the Sum of Seven milliont five hundred thousand 4 Pounds, rasfed for the Service of Great Britain for the Tear One 4 thousand eight hundred and eleven, upon the Duties granted to His 4 Majesii during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain 4 Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace: And 4 Whereat by the said respedwe Acts certain Loans made for the 4 Services of the Years One thousand eight hundred and seven, One 4 thousand eight hundred and nine, and One thousand eight hundred and eleven respectively, and in the said recited A&« respectively

specified, are charged upon the several Duties of Customs and Excise

which were granted during the Continuance of the late War for 4 certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of«Peace by several Acts of the Forty third, Forty sixth, and Forty

seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the said

last recited Acts of Parliament of the Forty seventh, Forty ninth 4 and Fifty first years respectively particularly recited and set forth: 4 And Whereas it it expedient that the same should be repealed ; Be it therefore eaacted, That so much and such Parts of the said several recited Acts of Parliament of the Forty seventh. Forty ninth, and Fifty first Years respectively, as charge the Cud Loans therein respectively specified upon the said several Duties of Customs and Excise which were granted during the Continuance of the late War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties of Customs by this Act made perpetual, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall be carried to and roade Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and shall be deemed an Addition to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for the Purpose of defraying the Charges occasioned by the said several Loans made for the Services of the said Years One thousand eight hundred and seven, One thousand eight hundred and nine, and One thousand eight hundred and eleven respectively, and shall be deemed to be a Pronsion for defraying the annual Charges occasioned by the said Loans respectively, in lieu and instead of the Prorifions made for-that Purpose by the said recited Acts of the Forty seventh. Forty ninth, and Fifty first Years of His Majesty's Reign respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Prorifions thereof, may be altered, variedor repealed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for indemnifying the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and all Persons who may have acted under their Authority, in relation to certain Orders issued and Things done relative to certain Acts regarding the Distillerits in Scotland. [aid May 1816.]

2S 3*c- 1 WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for \ repealing so much of an Act made in the Jafi Session of Parliament as

1 relates

A.D. 1818

56° GEO. III.

C.S0.

rtlata t$ the Distillntion of Com Spirits in /mail Stills tn certain 4 Caries or DiiriBs of tbs Highlands in that Part o/" Great Britain 4 a&J Scotland; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise in 4 fcxiud to grant Licences to Per font living in the said Counties or

DftsiBs to atpil Spirits from Barley, Bear or Bigg, the Growth of 4 tie feed Counties, and for impeding a Duty on fitch Licences s And

Whom another Act wan passed in the Thirty third Year of the 330.

4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Regulation

of DifiUeriet in Scotland, and the Exportation of Britishi made 1 Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England,

4 for o hooded timet And Whereat another Act was passed in the 4 Tlurty fewmh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 37 0.3. c t 4 An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries '

4 is the federal Parts of the Highlands of Scotland herein partial 4 lerly deseated, for a lindted timet and for regulating the Duties 4 m DisRflerUt in the reJbeBive DistriBs in Scotland: And Whereas 1 mother Ad was paflea in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of 39 k 40 q 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing « 73.

4 the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportatios of Bxttish made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for 4 grading other Duties tn heu thereof: and for altering, amending 1 end eontning certain ABs of Parliament for the Regulation of 4 DisliUtrus in Scotland; by which several Acts Regulations were 1 made rristnre to Stills and Distillers in certain Districts of Scotland 4 diftragatihed from each other by Boundaries in the said Acts re- (pedndy particularly described and set forth: And Whereas 1 another Act was made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of 54 0.3. Ctlyt 4 His pretest Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties 4 payable in Scodand upon Distillers* Wash, Spirits and Licences, and for greeting other Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas another 4 Ad wit made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present 55 0.3. c. t rr, Majesty, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July 4 One tlmfand eight hundred andsixteen, the temporary Fourth Part 4 0/ the Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers' Waft, Spirits and

Licences, imposed by an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, and for enabling His Majesty, by Order in Council, to 1 modify the Operations of the said AB, or reduce the 1Duties thereby

imposed: And Whereas Doubts hare been entertained whether the 4 IMw&ion of Lowland, Highland and intermediate Districts as

described by the Boundary Lines in any of the said Acts made in the Twenty fifth. Thirty third, Thirty seventh and Thirty ninth 4 and Fortieth Years respectively of His Majesty's Rdgn, were 4 abolHbed by the find Two last mentioned Acts of the Fifty fourth 4 and Fifty fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign respectively, or were 4 dil to be continued and observed; and by reason thereof Questions 1 have ariien whether Spirits could pass from any one Part to any 4 other Part of Scotland: And Whereas the Commissioners and 1 Oficenof the Excise in Scotland may have given Directions and*

4 iflned or refused Permits, and done other Acts, Matters and

4 Tings in relation to the fiud recited Acts and to the Distilleries*

4 a teodand which might he deemed unlawful, and Doubts might '

4 anfc whether such Commissioners and Officers might not be fubied

4 to Sotsaad Actions by meant thereof; and it is therefore necetiary

4 thatfuchCoaumissionm and Officers, and all Persont feding under*

G 3 # their

as

aso, $i.

56° GEO. III;

A.D.um

their Authority or by their Direction, fhotdd be indemnified -id 4 Delation thereto $' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Kajesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

Commissioners assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That all Commissioners and others in- and Officers of Excise in Scotland\ and all Persons aAing under Au^ty, or by their Direction, or in pursuance of any Orders ceeSngi under w Instructions given by any such Commissioner or Officer in relation the recited Acts. to the Diftilkries in Scotland> or any of the Provisions of any Act or ACte of Parliament relating to the Distilleries of Scotland, or the regulating and collecting any Duties of Excise in respect of such Distilleries, shall he and are hereby mdemnified for and in respect: of all such Orders, Instructions, Directions, AAs, Matters and things, as the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Person or Per fans acting bond side under their Directions or by their Authority, may have given, executed or done in reference to the said recited A As; and that no such Commissioner or Officer of Excise or Person afore* ffud shall be liable to any AAion or Actions, Suits, IndiAments or Informations, in consequence of any such Orders, Instructions or Directions, or A As, Matters or things, which shall have been so done ap aforesaid $ and in case any AAion, Suit, IndiAment or Information, shall have been or shall be commenced or prosecuted against any such Commissioner or Officer of Excise, or Person aforesaid, by reason of any such Orders, Instructions or Directions, or A As, ' Matters or things as aforesaid, such Commissioner, Officer or Person may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, and shall in every such case, if the VerdiA shalt be for the Defendant, recover Treble Costs of Suit*

Per faits may be II, And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the

granted for fod Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby empowered to fromhfigMands Ditections for the granting of Permits to any Person or Persons to Lowlands. for the cairying or transferring of Spirits from any Part or Parts of the Highlands of Scotland to the Lowlands of Scotland* purfoant to and in Fulfilment of any CoxitraA which shall be proved to the Satis* faction of the said Commissioners of Excise to have bpen made and entered into previous to the First Day of February One thouftmd eight hundred and sixteen*

CAP. XXXI.

An Act fbjr transferring all Contracts and Securities entered iqjto with or given to the Commissioners for Transports to the Compuffionprs of the ffyvy and Victualing.

Dtift May 1816.}

4 TIT If ERE AS by a ChmmifBon of Letters Patent paftbd under the Great Seal of the United Kiagdqm of Great Britain and ' Ireland, bearing Date at Uh/hunJhr, the Fifteenth Day of &*t*abar One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Rwfer George9Baronet, James Bowen Esquire, John Douglas Esquire, John Hear*

4 meft Do Aor of Phytic, Court nay Boyle Esquire, and John Fotbes 4 inquire, were constitutod and appointed Commissioners, during His

Majesty's Pleasure, for conducing the Transport Service, ana dfo 4 fbs the Case of tick and wounded Seamen, as well as for the 4 Cart gad CustodyoP Prisoners of Wkrs And Whemas kiaexpe-

4 dient

'i

erQEO.UL

& SI

7

toxtimt if Hit tbjrfty konld be pfcskd to cancel or revoke the

ttioan Bttent, all Properties, Estaten, Rifhti and Conlndi

areitied in the kid Commissioners, or their Affiant, on Behalf 'rfffiiMijcty, should be preferred tad conveyed over to facfc 4 otha Cooumflioners or Perfoai as His Majesty may be pktfed to 4 appoint in that Behalf^Be h therefore enactad by The King*!

Mod Eace&at M^efty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lordt Staritual and Temporal, and Comment, in thie present Paris*'

meot mfiembkd, and by the Authority of the same. That if Hit Powtrs of Com. Majety kail be pleased by any Commiffian or Letter* Patent to cafe- mHBooersfor ce\ tad revoke the (hid Conrauffioo or Letters Patent bearing Date 7 the said Fifteenth Day of September One thou fend eight hundred^Transport and thirteen; and by any other CommilEon, Letters Patent or Or- 8ervice, may be bet in Coapril, hereafter to be made, to grant, transfer or commit all transferred to or any of the Power*, Authorities ana Rights now veiled in the Co^iffionors Cud Commissioners, relating to or so far as they may relate to the^Navy.fcc. Coodad and Management of the Transport Service, or other Service reCpetibog the Employment of Shift or Vessels in any other Department of His Matefty's Government, or any thing relating thereto, to the principal Officer* and Commissiooers of the Navy, that from snAritecfadk Revocation, and such further Grant, by His Majesty, att Coatnfts, Covenants and Agreements made and entered into between the said CommifSnnera for condu Aing the Transport Service, or say Parka on their Behalf, and any other Person or Peridot whom-(Soever, for the Hire of Transport Ships and Vessels, or for any other Pnrpofo conaded with the Transport Service, or other Service* shove mentioned, er in any manner relating thereto g and all Bond* i&A other Securities entered into by any Person or Periods for the doe Performance of CockCootraAs, Covenants or Agreements, or for the doing or personasogof any other Act, Matter or thing whatsoever, irbfiag to the Hud TVaafport and other Service*, {half be vetted in and transform! to the fold principal Officers and Cooamissioner* of the Navy, and kali coo tin tie in force in like manner, to all Intent* tod Purposes, as if tbs Dune ContraAs, Covenant* and Agreement#,

Bonds md other Securities, had been entered into with the Coso-

auffionen of His Majesty4* Navy, or any of them.

II. And be it farther enacted, That if His Majesty shall lb as a£rmMd he pleased to cancel and revoke the said Commissioo at Letters Ftfeat, bearing Date the said Fifteenth Day of September Owe tWyWWi eight hundred and thirteen, and by any other Conmriffion or Letters ment or Order in Council hereafter to be made, to grant, transfer or commit att or any the Power*, Authorities, and* sow veiled sa the kid Comnriffietier* for oondaAing the Tntfport Service, relating to or so far as they may relate to the Cat of fork and wounded Seamen, or any thing relating thereto, srfoforas they may relate to the Care and Maintenance of Prisoners of War, or any thing relating thereto, to the CoanriAoners for vk-tulfog Has Majesty4* Navy, that from and after ftuzh Revocation and foek farther Gnmt by His Majesty, all ConttaAs, Covenant* and kmtnetu made and entered into between the kid OomttriConer* hrendafofog the Transport Service, or any Person mthdr Behalf, Mm other Person or Person* whomsoever for the Supply of any Airi thing* whatsoever, for the Use of the sick and wounded <m»h HieSwofty* ^mee or Prisonm of Wn^ ae far any other G*Purpose

Such Powers, so far as respecta the Care of sick

Seamen, Ac. may be trans-ferred to the

for Victualling.

8«

G.S1> 32.

56° GKO. in.

AJU81&

Ante, c. so.

6j.

§ 66.

AUowaacct for the Diet of Nob Commissioned Officers and Soldiers.

Further Allow-nee of One

Purpose corinefted with the Ctrt of the said Seamen or Prisoners, or in any manner relating thereto, and all Bonds and other Securities entered into by any Person or Persons for the due Performance of such last mentioned Contracts, Covenants or Agreements, or for the doing or performing of any other Act, Matter or Thing whatsoever relating to the last mentioned Services, shall be veiled in and transferred to the said Commissionero for viftualling His Majesty's Navy, and shall continue in force in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Contracts, Covenants and Agreements, Bonds and other Securities had been entered into with the Commissioners for viftualling His Majesty's Navy, or any of them.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for fixing the Ratesof Subsistence to be paid tolnnkeepers

and others on quartering Soldiers. [a i ft May 1816.]

< WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of

< W Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for«the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is enacted,

that Officers and Soldiers shall be furnished with Diet and Small

< Beer upon paying and allowing for the same the several Rates that 4 am or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament; and

an Option is given to Innholders and others, upon whom Officers 4 and Soldiers are Quartered and billetted, to furnish certain Articles

gratis, in lieu of Diet and Small Beer; and it is just and expedient 4 that an adequate Allowance shall be made and established for Pro* 4 vilion and otner Articles furnished to Officers and Soldiers: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That every Non Commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer within those Parts of the United Kingdom specified in the said recited Act by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non Commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Act, shall pay and allow for the same the Sum oi One Shilling per Diem until the Twenty fourth Day of April indufive, and from and after that Day the Sum of Ten pence per Diem; and that for such Allowances of One Shilling and Ten pence, the Innholder or other Person shall furnish One Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner if required, in each Day, to each Non Commissioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier, quartered and billetted on him, to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to bring deeded. One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, previous to bring cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vino-gar, Salt and Pepper; and that the Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed by the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders or other Persons on whom any Npn Commissioned Officers or Private

Men

S6° GEO. III.

C.9*.

89

F<

Si

Horfba quarter, ed, lUte p«r Diem to bo

Regulation with rtTpoft to diet-

f be gartered within the aforesaid Puts of the United Halfpenny per, hailt by virtue of the said Option in the said A &, for-i Mho Commissioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles in Hen of furniihing Diet and Small Beer, at the pjpR^orimi by this Act, such Innholders or other Persons on eh Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and t the £rid Articles shall hare been fb supplied, shall receive on thereof One Halfjpenny per Diem for each Non Officer and Soldier; which Sum of One Halfpenny far Uwem fail be accounted for and paid in like manner as is directed touching the Rate aforefruL

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person within the aforeOud Parts of the United

shorn any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty's 1)|*nV°t5* ifalI be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for Hay and Snd^r, fall be One Shilling and Two pence per Diem for each Horse ! the Twenty fourth Day of April inclusive, and from and after that D»y Ten pence per Dim.

IV. And be it farther ended, That all Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small .

Beer Bom the Innholders or other Persons on whom they may be Onioned Off-billeted, within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the cert and SoUitm Rate hereinbefore ptescribed while on the March, as also on and for on March, the Day of their Arrival at the Place of their final Defiination, and

on the Two fmbfiquent Days, unless either of the Two subsequent Days fall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where Inch Officers or Soldiers shall be billetted, or within the Difiance of Two Idea thereof; in which case it shall be lawful for the Innholder, or other Person as aforesaid, to discontinne on and from foeh Market Day the SvppKr of Diet and Small Beer, and to fur-nidi m fieri thereof the Articles in the said recited Act specified, and at the Rate hereinbefore mfex^

V. Provided always, That if any Victualler or other Person liable Persons paying by the Bid recited Act to have Soldiers billetted or quartered on him Money toNon or her, fall pay aay Sun or Sums of Money to any Non Commif-

(med Officer or SoMier on the March, in lieu of furniihing in kind <|jerson the the Diet and Small Beer to which such Non Commissioned Officer March iu lieu of or Soldier is entitled under the said Act, every such Victualler or Diet, &c. ocher Pierian may be proceeded against and fined in like manner as if he or she had refilled to fumiih or allow according to the Directions of the said recited Act the several things respectively directed to be fannJbed to Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Regiment, Troops Company or Detachment, when on the March, shall be baked, other for a limited or indefinitive time, at any intermediate Place, the Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto faU be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Per-boon whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such tmeody for which they would be entitled to receive the same after ar-

the Place of their final Destination, according to this Act.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever k shall happen that If Halting only "I Reonent, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on their ^aDay after March fa| be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders Market ihrt fin iiot intended schat such Regiment, Troop^Company or De- 0«|Diet and

tachment

provilo for Non Commissioned Officers, See. when halted.

56° GEO. ILL

A.D. 181*.

C. 32, S3.

Small Beer not dil'coutinued.

Regulations as to Recruiting Parties and Recruits on March.

Prerile.

Condnuauce of

a a.

Provtfofsr

Payments.

Act may he altered, Ate.

tachment shall halt for any longer time than One entire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of Halting, and the Day after such Arrival shall be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons on whom the Non Commif&med Officers and Soldiers shall be biiletted, to dtfcontiaue on such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Small Beer to any such Officers or Soldiers; out that all such Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Persons aforesaid, upon such Market Day as aforesaid, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, in like manner as they would have been en* titled thereto if such Day had not been a Market Day; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further ena£ted, That all Non Commissioned Officers and Private Men employed in Recruiting, and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March and for Two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the same Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops upon the March; but no Recruit enlisted after the Two Days subsequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rates herein beforeprescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered: Provided also nevertheless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall re- i move from their Station, and after a time mall return to the same Place, they and the Recruits by them raised, so returaing, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such Two Days as aforesaid, unless the Period between the time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have exceeded Twenty eight Days.

IX- And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance and be in force from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and that all-Payments which have been made, and all Acts, Matters and things done in pursuance of or in conformity with the Provisions thereof, shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofos as if this Act had passed before the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

X. Provided always, and be it Further enacted, That this Act may be altered and varied by any Ad to be made in this Session of Pam liament,

cap. xxxra.

An Act to indemnify such Person* in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themfoives for Offices and Employ tnents, and for extending the time limited for those Purpofos respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. frift May i£i6»]

[Thit 4* m incept at to Date* at J4 <?. J. r. 5# J

CAP.

A.0.1811

56 GEO. in.

C. 34, 35*

91

CAP. XXXIV.

Ap Act to charge an additional Duty on Corks, ready made,

imported into Great Britain. [lift May iB.i6»]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an additional Duty of Cut 4 W toms should be ixnposed on all Corks ready madeBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon all Corks ready made imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty of Customs of Three Shillings and Sixpence for every Pound Weight.

II. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duty of Customs hereby imposed shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs of the like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duty, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty'a Exchequer at West-miufttrt and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties called M Permanent Duties, " imposed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof are directed to be appropriated and applied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the mere speedy and efife&us 1 Collection of tho Topnage Duty upon Ships Inwards; for empowering the Lords of the Tresfury to regulate the Honrs of Officers' Attendance in the Port of London; and for permitting Ships to commence and complete their loading of Coals before the Delivery of the Fitters' Certificates. [aift May 18x6.3

\WHEREAS it is expedient that Pruvision should be made for 4 W the mow speedy and effectual Colkftion of the Tonnage

Duties payable upao Sups and Veflek entering Inwards in Great Britain from Foreign Porta; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Mriefty, by and with the Advice and Con* fan of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pvefant Bnianait assembled, and by the Authority of the fsmtw That has and after the passing of this Act no Officer of His Mar's Cs&ota* whatsoever, or any Deputy or Clerk of such Officer, I psrtrit or After any Ship or Vessel to break Bulk, or any Pert of her Ctrgo to bo difcoarged, or issue aay Order, or giant say Do->

cument

Duty oo ready made Corks bn* ported.

Managed sa other Duties of Customs.

Application of Duties.

49 0'3-c.9*.

Act may be altered, &c.

Tonnage Duty to be pakl before any Vessel it faltered to break Balk.

C» 3j

A. D. 1619.

56° (*>E0. III.

470. 3. Se£i. cJt.

IS.

Tresfury miy alter Hours of Attendance of Officers of Cuf-tems in London,

cument for the un(hipping or landing any Goods, Wares or Merchandize brought or imported by any Ship or Vessel subject and liable to the Payment of the Duties of Tonnage, until the said Duties have been fully paid to the proper Officer of the Customs; or in case rny Doubt or Dispute shall artfe as to the true Tonnage thereof, so that a perfect Entry cannot be patted, then in every such. case a sufficient Deposit shall be made of the said Duties with such. Officer as afuresaid, previous to any Document being issued or granted for the unihipping or landing any Part of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel so entering Inwards as aforesaid; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas py an A<£t passed in the Forty seventh Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend 4 the Provisions of an Act made in tie last Sejpon of Parliament, for ahoftibing Fees received by certain Officers and other Persons 4 employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, and 4 for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed, to 4 the Outports; and to appropriate the Fees of certain abolished and 4 vacant Offices in the Customs to the Superannuation Fund; it is provided and enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of 4 them, by Warrant under their Hands, whenever and as often as 4 they shall deem it right for the better Security of the Revenue,

' 4 and the Accommodation of Trade, to alter the Hours during 4 which the Officers, Clerks or other Persons employed in the 4 Service of the Customs at any Port of Great Britain, except the 4 Port of London, are now by Law required to attend in the Execution of the Duties of their respective Offices or Employments; 4 and to regulate and direct the Attendance of every such Officer, Clerk or other Person so employed, in such manner and during 4 such times and at such Places as they the said Lords Commissioners 4 of His Majesty's Treasury shall in their Judgment deem expedient 4 for the public Service; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary 4 notwithstanding: And Whereas it is expedient that the Lords 4 Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury should have the like 4 Power of altering and fixing the legal Hours of Attendance of the 4 Officers in the Port of London f Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty* Treasury, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands, whenever and as often as they shall deem it right for the better Security of the Revenue, and the Accommodation of Trade, to alter the Hours during which the Officers, Clerks or other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London^ are now by Law required to attend in the Execution of the Duties of their respective Offices or Employments; and to regulate and direct the Attendance of every such Officer, Clerk or other Person so employed in such manner and during such times and at such Places as they the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall in their Judgment deem expedient for the public Service; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 III. And Whereas great Inconvenience has been experienced 4 by the Shippers of Coaus in consequence of the Ships and VefTds 4 not being permitted to commence lading until the Fitter or Person 4 vending such Coals has delivered to the Officer of the Customs.

4 Certi-

&.D.1816

58*GEO(iSLC.35, 8& 93

Qcct&afei of the Quantity of Coals intended to be taken on

booed £tch Ships or Vessels s* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted,

Tki foafl and may be lawful for the Maker or other Person Veffeb may ba

hmbg' or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veffd in«h

daft aay Coals are intended to be taken on hoard for the Purpose Sr*"*^*

of bwg carried Coastwise, or for the Fitter or Fitters or any other Quaatky 4*1*.

Wa or Fexfbos rending, felling or intending to ship such Coals, wad utOficit

to commence and complete the Loading of any such Ship or Vessel, of Custumt as

though die Certificates required by an Act passed in the Fifty by

ftcood Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Au AS J*0, 3'c*

to repeal on AS of the Twenty fifth Tear of Hie present MajeJy, for f

letter Jentiny tie Duties on Coals, Culm and Ctnders, and maJting

other Pnvifms in Bern thereof; and for requiring Ships in the Cdal

Trade to k measured, shall not have been delivered to the proper

Oficen of the Customs; and in every case where the Loaning- is

completed before the Delivery of such Certificates the same mall

expvds foe Quantity of Coals actually shipped, and Audi be delivered

to the proper Officer of the Customs prior to the Ship or VefTei

Vexing foe Fort; and if any false Certificate shall be made or given Delivering f4u«

by my (ech Fitter or Fitters, Coal Owner or Agent, of the Quantity Certificate.

o\ Cods fold or vended and actually shipped or laden on board such

Ship or Vefid, or who shall deliver any such Certificate or Certificates

hgoed by aay Person, except himfdf or themselves, every such Fitter

or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the

Sam of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of in Penalty.

foe manner drafted by the said redted Act of the Fifty second Year

of Hu pcefa* Mayfty.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to repeal Two Acts passed in the Reign of King Edward the Fourth and King Richard the Third, which prohibit the Importation of Wrought Goods and certain other Articles. [21ft May 1816J

WHEREAS it appears no longer necessary or proper to cootame the Prohibitions on the Importation of certain ' Articfcs contained in an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign ' of Ring Edward the Fourth, intituled Certain Merchandises not 3 Ed.4. c.4.

4 lawfwl to k brought ready wrought into this Realm; and in an Act Defied in the First Year of the Reign of King Richard the*-3- «

4 Third, mtitnled Certain Merchandizes prohibited to be brought into 4 this ReAn ready wrought; and therefore that the said Acts (houlcf 4 be repealed ; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mod Ex* celfent Majesty, by and with the Advice andConfent of tlje Lords Sptritaal and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a&nhfcd, and for the Authority of the same. That from and after Redted Acts the pdfog of tms Act the said Two Acts, and every thing therein rspsded. Waned, flail be and the same are hereby repealed.

CAP.

c,7 — sa

S6*.dB0,

A.D. A

13 k 14 Car. 2. c. ii« 4 23.

repealed.

$ Spending Biillot for Local Militia.

Sb Days* Attendance of Yeoreaniy and Volunteer Ca*

CAP. XXXVII-An Act to permit the Importation of Prunes the Produce Germany. [2tft May 1 \

XYTHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth and 4 W teenth Years of the Reign of Mis late Majesty King CJbe 4 the Second, intituled An Act for preventing frauds and regia 4 Abuses in His Majesty's Customs, it is among ft other Things en

ed, that no Grocery fhau be imported into England or /(Po/r

Berwick upon Tweed from the Netherlands or Germany, upon

Pretence whatsoever, in any Sort of Ships or Vessels whatsoe 1 upon the Penalty of the Lots of the said Goods, as also of the Slj

and Furniture 1 And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much

the said recited Act as extends to the Article of Prunes the Prodi 4 of Germany ; f Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mod Ex< lent Matesty, by and with the Advide and Consent of the jLoi Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefeut Parliann ailembled, and by the Authority of the same. That froni and aft the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as relat to Prunes the Produce of Germany shall be and the same is hereby 1 pealed.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act td empower His Majesty to suspend the Ballot or En rolment for the Local Militia. [21ft May 1816,

XWHEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty should b 4 W empowered to suspend any Ballot or Enrolment for th 4 Local Militia; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mol Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord Spiritual and Temporal, and Comfnons, in this present Par Karnes anetxibted, and by the Authority of the same, That it ffiatl be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order in Council, to direct that wo Battol or Enrolment for the Local Militia shall take place; bat that fucii Ballot and Enrolment shall remain and continue fufpeoded for the Period specified in any fudh Order of Council, and from time to time, by any like Order or Orders in Council* to continue such Sirfp£fifion 10 long as His Majesty shall deem the same expedient; affy thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary xfOtvtfthstanding.

CAP. XXXIX.

Att Act t6 reduce the Number of Mays of Mflftet or Exercise of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry. [2ift May i8nf.J

4' HEREAS it is expedient that the Number of Bays9 At-

V? tendaace at Muster or Excseise, necessary to entitle Per*

Tons serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry to 4 be returned or certified as efieftive Members of such Cdrps* fbcnzJri

be reduced ; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament auembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the Number of Days' Attendance at Muster or Exercise of Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, to entitle

12 any

iVQEO.UL

C.39, 40.

any Pdas fening in such Corps to be returned or certified it an efedie Member thereof, Aall be Six in each Year, any thing in an Act jaded in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ifipay, reLttmg to Volunteer Corps, to the contrary noturth-itfdbg; and the said Act shall be construed, as to all Retinas W Certificates of Commanding Officers of such Corps, or others, mWdir Number of Days1 Attendance at Muster or Exercise, fpe-dfed in the find Ad as necessary to entitle Persons ferviag in Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry to be returned or certified as had been Six instead of Twelve in each Year j and such Number of Six Days shall in like manner be divided into Two Days or Three equal Parts in each Four Months, indeed of Four Days as in the find Ad provided* with such Provisiona as to making good any Number of Days at different Periods, as are contained in the find Ad a relation to the Days of Muster or Exercise specified in the find Ad.

IL And be it further enacted, That in any case where a Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry should attend at Muster or Exer-Five Days foccdfivdy, such Five Days' facceffive Attendance Haft tntkVr each Individual so attending to be returned or certified a e&c&we, the fiane as if be had attended the whole Number of Six Days according to the Provisions of this Act.

CAP. XL.

An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His prefefu Majesty, to continue the Refb&kms contained in the several Acts of His present Majestjr, on Paymants of Calk by the Bank of England.

[21 ft May 18x6.3

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty fourth Tear of the Rdgn of His present Majesty, intituled Ah AB to continue until Sue Month* after the Ratificatkn rf a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the RiflriBione contained in federal AS*, modi in the Trnrfy ftvcntb. Thirty eighth, Forty second, and Forty third Tear* of the Reign of Hit present Majesti, on Payment* of Cdjb by the Bank of England, which Ad has by several fobfequsnt Act Sieeir continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight umdied and fixteeu: A ad Whereas it is highly desirable that the Sank of England should as soon as possible return to the Payment of its Notes in Cash; but it is expedient that the Proviflort of the [mad Ad should be further continued, in order to afford time to the Diredoes of the Bank to make such Preparations as to their Dtf* credos and Experience may appear most expedient for enabling them torefume Payments in Cash without public Inconvenience* and at the eariieft Period, and that a time should be fixed at ufakfc die find Restriction shall cease : May it therefore phase Xsar Mwffy that it may be enacted > and he it enacted by The Jjtft Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Can* faadde Lords Spiritual mid Temporal, and Commons, in tWspra* fentMaarat affinnbfed, and by the Authority of the same, That the ffil be and the same is hereby further continued until theFiMDtyof July Oste thousand right hundred and eighteen.

94

rtlry, to entitle Persons to be returned at cft&ive.

44 G. 3-«*i4. bow construeJ.

Five fuccefllve Days to entitle Persons to be lu returned.

44C*c. x.

continued.

96

CU1.

66° GEO. III.

A.r>-1

CAP. XII.

liilh Treifury may^ue Bflls to a certain Extent to bear interest.

Bills issued not to exceed M70pooL

An Act for raising the Sum of Two millions four hundred seventy thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury ] for the Service of Ireland* for the Year One thousand < hundred and sixteen. [21ft May x h

1 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT7 E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, t< mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 land, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raising the nece 4 Supplies which we have cheerfully and voluntarily granted to 19Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have refolded that a Sum9exceeding Two millions four hundred and seventy thousand Poi 4 Irish Currency be raised by Treasury Bills in Ireland* in mat 4 hereinafter mentioned; ' And do therefore most humbly befe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by 1 King's most Excellept Majesty, by and with the Advice and C feat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in 1 present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fas That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Hign Treasurer Ireland for the time being, or for the Commissioners of His b jesty's Treasury of Ireland* or any Three or more of them, now for the time being, if he or they shall judge it adviseable, at any tii or times after the passing of this Act* by and with the Consent a Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor Governors of Ireland for the time being, to prepare and make ai issue, or cause to be prepared or made and issued, any Number 1 Bills entitling the Bearer to the Sum or Sums respectively specific therein, (not exceeding in the whole the Amount hereinafter mei tioned and directed, ) and declaring such Sum or Sums to be payabl or such Bills to pass current at the Receipt of His Majesty's Each quer of Ireland* at such time and times as shall be dueled by tfa laid Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for th time being, or any Three of them, by and with the Consent and Ap probation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go vernors of Ireland for the time being, and as shall be expiefled in fuel; Bills respectively; and such Bills shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds ter Centum per Annum; and the said Bills shall be numbered in Aritnmetical Progression, beginning with Number One.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to authorize the find Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland* to issue any such Bills under this Act, to any Amount exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two millions four hundred and seventy thousand Pounds Irtfb Currency; and that such Bills shall be iilued for so much only of the said Sum of Two millions four hundred and seventy thousand Pounds Irish Currency as shall be actually paid by any Person or Persons into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer oi Ireland* at the Instance or by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of Jrclandh or anyThree of them

DOW

56° GEO. III.

CAl.

97

firoo the Iffiunj arPerfoaa enth

Annum) shall commence all be paid to the Person

all Dedudions whatsoever j and that every such Bill so to be issued BUli, If not paid for the said Sum of Two millions four hundred and seventy thou- off, shall be land Pounds Jrtjb Currency, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, shall taken in Pay. or may, on or after such time or times as shall be appointed by the "tentof Reva-faid Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or by the said Com- "^r"uch missioners of the Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three , Treasury shall of them, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord appoint, Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland for the time being, if not sooner paid off, be received and taken by and be current to any Receiver or Collector in Ireland of the Customs,

Excise or any Revenue, Aid or Tax in Ireland, for and in Satisfaction of any Custom, Excise or any Aid, Revenue or Tax, then or thereafter respectively to become due or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Ireland, and shall be taken, pass and be current at the 'Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, from every such Receiver or Collector, for or in rciped of the Customs,

Excise or any Revenue, Aid or Tax by him collected or received, at or after such time or times so to be appointed as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any of the andlmereft said Treasury Bills, which shall or may be issued in purmance of tall

this Act shall be received by any Receiver or Collector, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, all Interest shall cease from the Day of such Receipt, and shall be no longer payable thereon, and the same, when paid by such Receiver or Collector into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, shall be cancelled.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be received Money to be

under or by virtue of this Act shall be paid into the Receipt of His carried to the Majesty's Exchequer at Dublin> and mail be carried to and form JConfeli-Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland. x UD

' V. And be it further enacted, That all the said Treasury Bill*, Bills to be and all Interest thereon, or which shall become payable in respect targeable of the said Sum of Two millions four hundred and seventy thou- thereo°* sand Pounds Irish Currency, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland*

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Bank of Ireland for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland) or the or Bank of Eng-Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend bDd may 4d' to His Majesty, at the Receipt of his Exchequer in Dublin, or at ^ooooL oa the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in London» any Sum or Credit of Act. Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Amount of Two millions four hundred and seventy thousand Pounds Irish Currency, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; so that no greater or higher Sum, by way of Interect, Discount, Gratuity or other Coofideradon, shall be demanded or taken by such or any of the fad Governors and Companies respectively, or by any Perlbn on then Behalf, than at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum for any Money so advanced.

V1L And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, Interest anting or Commissiooers for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer " England to

I

56 Geo. Ill*

H

of

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 18

C.41, 42.

land.

be paid into the of Ireland, do and shall order and direct and eause to be paid Bank of £ng- the Bank of England', without any Fee or Charge, and free fron Deductions whatsoever, all Interest which shall become due and j able on such Part of the said Sum as shall be raised or advance that Part of the United Kingdom called England9 until such 1 as the Holders of such Treasury Bills shall be paid their Princ Money, with all Interest remaining due thereon, at One entire I ment, at the said Bank of England.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer* His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland be and they are hereby auf rized and requited to obey all such Orders, as to the HTue and L very of such Treasury Buis as shall be required to be transmitted England, as they shall from time to time receive from the L High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of L High Treasurer of Ireland.

Transtnitting Treasury Bills to England.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million seven hundr thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, f the Service of Ireland^ for the Year One thousand eig hundred and sixteen. [aift May i8i(

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, t 4 W Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ai 4 Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raising tl 4 necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully and voluntari 4 granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have r 4 lolved that a Sum not exceeding One million seven hundred tbci 4 sand Pounds British Currency be raised by Treasury Bills in IreUm 4 in manner hereinafter mentioned And do therefore most humbl beseech Your Majesty that it mav be enacted; and be it enacted b The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice an Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the (amf Irish Treasury That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer o may issue Bills Ireland for the time being, or for the CommissionerB of His Majettr1: tenVtoTcarEX" treasury of Ireland, or any Three or more of them, now or foj Interest.C#r the time being, if he or they shall judge it adviseable, at any time <n times after the passing of this Act, by and with the Consent anc Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor oi Governors of Ireland for the time being, to prepare and make and issue, or eause to be prepared or made and issued, any Number of Bills entitling the Bearer to the Sum or Sums respectively specified therein, (not exceeding in the whole the Amount hereinafter mentioned and directtd, ) and declaring such Sum or Stuns to be payable, or such Bills to pass current at the Receipt of His Majesty1) Exchequer of Ireland, at such time and times as shall be directed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of die Treasury.for the time being, or any Three of them, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and as shall be e*

p re fled in such Bills respectively; and such Bills shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Cenhm fer

Annum;

99

A.D.l&lfc

569 GEO.IIL

C.42-

Atom; ad the fad Bills Audi be numbered in Arithmetical Pro-grefie^ beaming with Number One.

E Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Bilk issued not canned fluO extend or be construed to extend, to authorize the 10 »/Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury in /raW, to iflne any such Bills under this Act, to any Amount ex* esiag in the whole the Sum of One million seven hundred thousand fosds Bnujb Currency; and that such Bills shall be issued for so arch only ri the said Sinn of One million seven hundred thousand Pounds British Currency as shall be actually paid by aoy Person or Period into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, at the Inftaace or by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the tine being, and of the Lord High Treasurer or Commif-fiuoers of the Treasury of Ireland, or any Three of them now or for th; time bekg; and that the Interest on the said Bills, not exceeding Five Pounds Per Centum per Annum, shall commence from the iiTumg thereof mpcdtrely, and shall be paid to the Person or Per-fous entitled thereto, without any Fee or Charge, and free from adDeductoM whatsoever; and that every such Bill so to be issued Bills, if not paid for the hid Sum of One million seven hundred thousand Pounds off, shall be British Currency, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, shall or may, on uken "» Pay-or after fudi time or times as shall be appointed by the said Lord meD!, |!*T High Treasurer for the time being, or by the said Commissioners ^ter such time of the Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three of them, u Treasury by and with die Content and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant shall appoint, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, if not fbouer paid off, be received and taken by and be current to say Recover or Collector in Ireland of the Customs, Excise or any Revenue, Aid or Tax in Ireland, for and in Satisfaction of any Clifton, Excise or any Aid, Revenue or Tax, then or there-after respeffirely to become due or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succtffion, in Ireland, and shall be taken, pass and be current at the Receipt of His Majesty* 8 Exchequer of Ireland, from eveiy such Receiver orCollector, for or in respect of the Customs, Excise or any Revenue, Aid or Tax by him collected or received, at or after such time or times so to be appointed as aforesaid.

HI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any of the said and Interest Treasury Bills, which shall or may be issued in pursuance of this shall ceat'e.

Ad, (baB be received by any Receiver or Collector, pursuant to the Provisoes of this A ft, all Interest shall cease from the Day of such Receipt, and shall be no longer payable thereon, and the same,

Trhea paid by fneb Receiver or Collector into the Receipt of HiB Majesty1* Exchequer of Ireland, shall be cancelled.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be received Money to he under or by virtue of this Act shall be paid into the Receipt of His to.t^#

Exchequer at Dublin, and shall be carried to and form

ham the Consolidated Fund of Ireland«

V. And be it further enacted, That all the said Treasury Bills, Bills to be and interest thereon, or which shall become payable in respect chargeable of tk had Sum of One million seven hundred thousand Pounds there<m* British Cnntncjr, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upoD, u&1dbe repaid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

H 2 VI. And

56° GEO. III.

A>D.

C. 42, 43.

Bank of Ireland or Bank of England may advance

i , 700, cool, on Crediref Act.

Interest arising in England to be paid into <he Bank of England.

Transmitting Treasury Bills to England.

43 G. 3.C.81. Sch. (A.) tit. Malt.

54 G. 3. c 73*

35 G. 3. c. ay.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland* Governor and 'Company of the Bank of England* to advance to His Majesty, at the Receipt of His Exchequer in Dublin, the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in London* any S Bums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Amount 0 million seven hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, an or Acts to the contrary not withftan ding; so that no grea higher Sum, by way of Interect, Discount, Gratuity or othei (i deration, shall be demanded or taken by such or any of th Governors and Companies respectively, or by any Penon on Behalf, than at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Anne any Money, so advanced.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High hirer, or Cgmmiftioners for executing the Office of Lord ] Treasurer of Ireland, do and shall order and direct and can be paid into the Bank of England* without any Fee or Ch< and free from all Dedudions whatsoever, all Interest which become due and payable on such Part of the said Sum as shall raised or advanced in that Part of the United Kingdom ci England* until such time as the Holders of such Treasury; shall be paid their Principal Money, with all .Interest remaining 1 thereon, at One entire Payment, at the said Bank of England.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland be and they are hereby autl rized and required to obey all such Orders, as to the Iffuc. 1 Delivery of such Treasury Bills as shall be required to be transrait 1 to England* as they shall from time to time receive from the h 1 High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of L< High Treasurer of Ireland.

CAP. XLffl.

An Act for making certain Allowances of the Duties payable t Malt and Beer. [31ft May 1816

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of tl

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for gram 1 ing to His Majesty, until Twelve Montht after the Ratification (

the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Dutiet of Exaj

in Great Britain, certain additional Duties were impoled upo ' Malt which would have expired at a certain limited time after tl ' Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace had not the fal

been continued: And Whereas the Same were, by a certain Al

made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesa

continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand ein

hundred and fifteen; and by another Act made in the Fifty

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were and are furthf

continued until and upon the Fifth I>ay of July One thoulii

eight hundred and sixteen, and will then expire: And Whereas it )

' expedient to grant an Allowance of the said additional Duties ill

manner hereinafter mentioned ; Be it therefore enacted hr Tht King's Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Onto lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in lift present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of die

56 GEO. III.

C.4S.

101

That there shall be paid or allowed to every Maltster or Maker of Mak for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, VS&naller mod Vinegar Maker, for all dry unground Malt which he, fht or they shall produce to the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excise in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, and which shall be taken an Account of, and the Quantity thereof ascertained by such Officer or Officers in manner hereinafter mentioned, between the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen and the Seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and for which the hud Duties shall hare been charged or paid, the federal Allowances and Sums of Money following i (that is to say).

For every Bushel of dry unground Malt ascertained, as herein* after mentioned, made in that Part of Great Britain called England* from Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, Two Shillings :

For every Buffiel of dry unground Malt ascertained as hereinafter mentioned, made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Barley or any other Corn or Grain, except Beer or Bigg, Two Shillings:

For every Bushel of dry unground Malt ascertained as hereinafter mentioned, made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ from Beer or Bigg only, without any Mixture of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain therewith. One Shilling and Four pence.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, shall have or be entitled to any Such Allowance, unless be, (he or they shall respectively give Notice in Writing two Days previous to the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and uxteen, to the proper Officer of Excise, of his, her or their Name and Place of Abode, and also of the particular House, Outhouse, Barn or other Place where any dry unground Malt for or in respect of which he, (he or they intends or intend to claim any such Allowance, shall be kept, laid or depoftted, and unless he, (he or they shall also, before the Said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Uxteen, place all such Malt for or in respect of which be, (he or they intends or intend to claim any such Allowance as shall then be actually dried, Screened, cleaned and finished, into such Form as shall enable the Officer or Officers of Excise conveniently to gauge, take an Account of, and ascertain the Quantity thereof; and in case any Corn or Grain which shall be in Operation for the making thereof into Malt upon any of those respective Days before mentioned shall be actually made into Malt, dried. Screened, cleaned and finished by any Maltster or Maker of Malt before the time when the Officer or Officers of Excise shall first take an Account of the dry unground Malt, in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Maltster or Maker of Malt; or in case any dry unground Malt shall be brought by Water under the Regulations in this Act contained, and shall be delivered into the Stock of any such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common BrewerL Dif-t&er, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, before the Officer or Officers shall haw first taken such Account thereof as aforesaid, then and in every such case no such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, shall have or be entitled to any such Allowance in respect of

H 3 such

Allowances for onground Malt produced to Officer between ift and ; rb July.

Allowances for. Malt.

Notice to Excise Officer of certain Particulars, and Malt put into such Form as to enable him to take Account thereof.

C.43.

66° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816,

Notice in Writing.

Altering Pofi. lion of Malt.

Removing

Malt.

Penally.

Penalty.

Brewers may make u(e of Malt on giving Notice, and Of* ficer taking an Account there* of.

Obstruding Officer in afcer-

such Malty unless he, (he or they shall give previous Notice in Writing by the Space of Twelve Hours to the proper Officer of Excise, of his, her or their Intention to claim such Allowance in xefpe& of such Malt, specifying the Quantity thereof, and of the Place where such Malt shall be kept or deposited, and shall place and keep all such Malt in the like Form, but separate and apart from all other Malt, so that the Officer or Officers of Excile may conveniently take such Account thereof, as is by this Act directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That after any Malt, for or in respect of which any such Allowance may be claimed, shall have been placed in such Form as is directed by this Act, no Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, shall, on any Pretence whatever, alter the Position thereof, until Six Days after the Officer shall have first gauged and taken his Account thereof $ and that no Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, shall remove, carry or fend away, or cause or procure to be removed, carried or sent away, any such Malt from the House, Outhouse, Barn or other Place in which the same shall have been so gauged, or an Account taken thereof, until Six Days after the Officer shall have first gauged and taken his Account thereof; and if any such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, shall, contrary to the Directions of this Act, alter the Position of any such Malt, for or in respect of which he, (he or they shall claim any such Allowance, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, shall remove, carry or fend away, or cause or procure to be removed, carried or sent away, any such Malt, contrary to the Directions of this Act, he, (he or they shall forfeit the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, and all Right, Title or Claim to any Allowance which he, (he or they might otherwise have been entitled to under or by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any of the Malt in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession: Provided always nevertheless, -that all Common Brewers, Diftiliers, Victuallers and Vinegar Makers, who shall give to the Officer or Officers of Excise, under whose Survey he, (he or they shall then be, previous Notice in Writing by the Space of Twenty four Hours of higher or their Intention to make use of any such Malt, so that the Officer may attend and take an Account of and ascertain the true Quantity thereof, specifying in such Notice the Quantity so intended to be used, shall oe at Liberty to make use of such Quantity of his, her or their Malt, for or in respect of which he, (he or they shall claim any such Allowance without being liable to the Forfeitures last aforesaid, or either of them, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in aiwwife notwithstanding, so as the Residue of such Malt shall be left unaltered, and in such Form and Position as to enable the Officer or Officers of Excise to gauge, take Account of and ascertain the Quantity thereof, in the manner hereinbefore directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Officer and Officers of Excise* at his

and

5erGEO.HL

C.43.

103

«act tier five Will and Pleasure, at any time or timet in the Day between the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred wmi and the Seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or at any time during the Space of Six Days after the Officer Audi have first gauged and taken his Account of any such Malt, to enter and go into every House, Outhouse, Barn or other Ace respectively, where any such Malt for or in respect of which any such Allowance shall be claimed shall be pot, laid or deposited, and to take a true and particular Account, and ascertain the exact Quantity thereof, by Gauge or Measurement, deducing from such Account Twelve per Cent. on Brown or Potter Malt and Five per Cent* on all other dry unground Malt for the Swell and Increase denos, over the Quantity of such Malt charged with Duty; and if amy Fezfen or Persons whatsoever shall prevent or hinder any Officer or Officer* of Excise from entering or going into any such House, Outhouse, Bam or other Place, or from taking such Account, or afeertammg the Quantity of such Malt as aforesaid, or shall mix or lay under, with or amongst any such Malt any Barley, or undried, unfereened or unclean Malt, or any umnalted Corn or Grain or other thong, with Intent to increase the Quantity or apparent Quantity of £och dried onground Malt, or shall bring into or put or place with his, her or their Stock, any Malt which has been before taken an Account of under this Act, or any Malt of or belonging to any Per-fen not being a Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, or make nfe of or practise, or cause to be made use of or prafidfed, any Art, Contrivance or Device whatever, whereby the Officer or Officers of Excise may be obstructed in gauging, taking an Account of or ascertaining the true Quantity of such dry unground Malt, or wherchv His Majesty may be defrauded, or shall obstruA or loaderay fact Officer or Officers in the taking of such Account, and ascertaining the Quantity of any such dry unground Mak as aforesaid, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities to inch Officer or Officers given or granted by this Act, the Person or Perfbos so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of She hundred Pounds, and shall likewise forfeit all Right dad Title to day Allowance which he, (he or they might otherwise lave been entitled to under or by virtue of this Act; and all Malt which fhafi be found by any Officer of Excise in taking such Account as aforesaid, so mixed as aforesaid, or under, with or amongst which any Barley, or nndried, unfereened or unclean Malt, or unmalted Cam or Grain, or other thing is found to be laid or placed with Intent to increase the Quantity or apparent Quantity of Malt dried and onground, or by which His Majesty may be defrauded, and all Mak which shall be brought in by any Maltster or Maker of Malt foe Salt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Vsdoaller or Vinegar Maker, or put or placed with his, her or their Stock which has been before taken an Account of under this Act, or does not belong to same Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Vic-tmflet or Vinegar Maker, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be fad by ssr Officer or Officers of Excise.

V, Asd Where* from the peculiar Construction of certain GfUtattin which large Quantities of Malt are deposited, it mgr be

taming eiaSt

Quantity at Malt.

Fraudulently tn-creafiag the Quantity Malt, 500). Sc.

Penalty.

Malt forfeited.

Commissioners may dirndl a further Euxnio-

104*

ation of Malt contained in Granaries.

Malt in Operation not to be charged with the Duty under 43 G.3. c.8i.

Certificate of Quantity of Malt and Amount of Al-lowance to be given to Malt* Iter, Brewer, &c.

Maltster before flipping Malt for one Port to mother to give Notice to Offi-

C.43. 56° GEO. III. A.D. if

difficult for the Officers of Excise accurately to ganee the I contained therein; be it therefore enacted, That in each and ei such case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required to dira further Examination of the Malt contained in such Granaries, in 01 to ascertain and determine whether any and what further Allowa for Compression should in the Judgement of the said Commission be made to the Proprietors of such Malt 5 the Charge of such f ther Examination being always at the Expence of the Party defirii the same: Provided always, that Notice m Writing, specifying t Quantity for which such Allowance shall be claimed, shall be gin by such Party to the Officers of Excise at the time of such Ma being gauged, and that no such Malt be removed or altered unt the Determination of the said Commissioners therein be made an given; provided that no such Allowance shall be made when th Quantity of Malt contained in any such Granaries shall be less than Two thousand five hundred Bufiiels in the whole.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duty imposed by th said Act shall not be paid or payable for or in respect of any Con or Grain actually in Operation for the making thereof into Malti by any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale at the time when the Officer or Officers of Excise shall take an Account of the dry un. ground Malt in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such MaJtfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, under or by virtue of this Ad5 provided every Part of such Corn or Grain which shall be actually dried, finished and made into Malt by such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, after such Officer or Officers shall have taken such Account as aforesaid, shall be kept separate and apart from all other Corn, Grain or Malt for the Space of Six Days after the Officer shall have first gauged and taken his Account of such Malt, and that it be produced to the Sight of the proper Officer or Officen of ]Excise, in order that he or they may take an Account and afeer-tain the true Quantity of such Corn or Grain whenever such Officer or Officers shall think fit so to do before the Expiration of such Six Days, and that no Allowance be claimed or made by virtue of this Act in respect thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Officer and Officers of Excise, or some or one of them who shall have finally taken such Account as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Speed after such Account shall be finally taken and the Quantity of such Malt ascertained as aforesaid, give to every Maltster and Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, entitled to the Allowance for or in respect of such Malt, without Fee or Reward, a Certificate expressing the true Quantity of such Malt after such Deduction as aforesaid, and the Amount of the Allowance for such Malt, and specifying the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, and whether he, (he or they is or are Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Sale, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Common Brewers, Distillers, Viduallers or Vinegar Makers respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, who within Twenty Days next preceding the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall have occasion to ship or put on board any Ship, Barge or other Vessel,

any

ID. 1&16.

56° geo. nr

C. 43.

105

Any Mrit which loth been charged with the additional Duty im- cer, who flull 'poMif the hud Act for the Purpose of transportbg or conveying Ctrtificsu the Smt bj Water from one Part of this Kingdom to another, fhaS £!2iuis2 got Arty eight Hours* Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Coo- SadStm ins, her or their Intention to ship or put any such Malt on signment*

Imf ay fisch Ship, Barge or other Vessel for the Purpose aforefidd, b fiat such Officer may attend and take an Account of such Malt, tyrffing in Inch Notice the Quantity of such Malt so intended to Ae Shipped or put on board, and the Ship, Barge or other Vessel m ldnch the same is intended to be shipped or put on board$ and also the Name of the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Otarge or Command of such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, and like* wife the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom and of the Place or Port to which such Malt is consigned, or where the same m intended to be landed; then such Officer or Officers of Exd£e stall, and is and are hereby required, on being satisfied that the Mak fpedfied in such Notice is really and truly shipped and put on board such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, to give, without Fee or Reward, a Transire or Certificate, (pecifviag the Quantity Certificiu given of Malt so shipped or put on board, the time wnen and the Place withoul at which the same was so shipped or put on board, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Person or Persons from whom and of the Person or Persons to whom the same is consigned, and the Place at which the same is intended to be landed, and the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship,

Barge or otte Vessel, i* hereby directed and required, within Twelve Hours (or faouer if demanded) after the Arrival of such Ship,

Barge or other Vessel at the Port or other Place to which such Malt is coafigaed, or where the same is intended to be landed, to deliver such Transire or Certificate to the proper Officer of Excise there.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship, Barge-or other Regulations in Vessel having on board any such Malt for or in respect whereof Veflil does any f«h Transire or Certificate shall have been granted, shall not ^ConGen-arrive at the Port or Place to which such Malt mall be consigned, ment dll after or where the same is in such Transire or Certificate expressed to be Officer has intended to be landed, till after the proper Officer or Officers of " Ac-Excise Sail have taken an Account of the dry unground Malt in ^u"t Slodt the Stock, Custody or Possession of the Person or Persons respea. ofConfiS^ ivelr to whom such Malt is consigned, that then and in such case it Hull and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers of Exriie, upon due Notice from the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, and upon the Delivery of such Transire or Certificate as aforesaid, to attend, gauge or measure, and ascertain the exact Quantity of all fitch Ault, and thereupon such Officer or Officers of Excise shall with all convenient Speed, and without Fee or Reward, grant Certificate with-ad give to the Person or Persons to whom such Malt shall be con- out Fee. hgwd a Certificate or Certificates, expressing the true Quantity of fed Mak, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons otakd to the Allowance for or in respect of such Malt, and vhrtkrfc, (he or they is or are Maltsters or Makers of Malt br Sale, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Common Brewers, DiftiHers,

' Pidtolkn or Vinegar Makers, and the Amount of the Allowance

for

i

C.4S.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Proviso as to Male brought from Scotland.

Oath by Maftrr that Malt the same as men-tiooed in Certificate.

Prcrifo

Malt kept separate.

Malt landed at any other Place than at Port of Consignment forfeited. Persons concerned therein.

Penalty.

for or in respect of such Malt: Provided always nevertheless, that in case any such Malt shall have been brought by Water from any Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland» into any Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called England, and shall not have arrived at such lad mentioned Port or Place till after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the additional Duty imposed by the said A£fc upon the bringing such Malt into such last mentioned Port or Place shall not be charged or payable, nor shall any greater Allowance be made or granted in respect thereof than is hereby dhre&ed to be made and granted for Malt made from Beer or Bigg only in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: Provided also, that no such Certificate as last mentioned shall be delivered, unless the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, mall make Oath before same of the Commimooers of Excise, or the Person appointed by the Commissioneri of Excise, or the major Part of them for that Purpose, or before the proper Collector or Supervifer or Officer of Excise (which Oath the uid Commissioners'and the Person appointed by them, and the Collectors, Supervisors and Officers of Excise are respectively hereby authorized and empowered to administer), that such Malt is the same Malt as is mentioned in the Transire or Certificate then produced, and that such Malt or any Part thereof has not been taken account of under this Act, and that no Allowance lias been obtained or demanded for any Part of the same by virtue of this Act: Provided also, that all such Malt which shall be fe shipped, put on board and transported as aforesaid, and which shall not arrive* at the Place to which the same is consigned, or where the same is to be landed, till after the Officer or Officers of Excise shall have taken the Account and ascertained the Quantity of dry unground Malt in the Stock, Custody or Possession of the Consignee thereof, to whom such Malt shall be sent or delivered, and before the Expiration of Six Days after the same shall have been first taken as aforesaid, shall be kept separate and apart from all other Malt till the Expiration of such Six Days as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Malt which shall he shipped or put on board any Ship, Barge or other Vessel, according to the Directions of this Act, and for which such Transire or Certificate as aforesaid shall have been granted, shall be unihipped and put on board any other Ship, Barge, Boat or other Vessel* or landed at anr other Port or Place than that to which the same shall be coniigned, or where the same is io such Transire or Certificate expressed to be intended to be landed, (except in case of Diftrefe or other unavoidably Accident or Necessity, of which the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, (hau give immediate Notice to the nearest Officer of Excise, ) that then not only all the Malt which shall be fe unihipped or landed shall be forfeited, and shall and may be Seized by wiy Officer or Officers of Excise, but the Master or other Person haring or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship, Barge or other Vessel, and also the Person or Persons concerned in the unihipping or landing of such Malt as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C 43. 107

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Matter or other Csrtificite ds-Perfog hiving or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship, Barge Vtnnd up

or otter Vessel in or on board of which any Malt for which such lhin c, ^am

Transire or Certificate as aforesaid shall hare been granted, shall have nfshin*'

hen shipped, shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Transire or

Certificate to the proper Officer of Excise within Twelve Hours

for (boner if demanded) after the Arrival of such Ship, Barge or

otter VeiTel, at the Port or Place to which such Malt shall be con-

signed, or where the same is in such Transire or Certificate expressed

to be intended to be landed, that then and in every such case, such

Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of

any such Ship, Barge or other VeiTel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum penalty.

of Fifty Pounds, and no Allowance shall under this Act be made

for such Malt.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Counterfeiting shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate. Certificate by this Act required or directed, or shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Certificate, or shall fraudulently

alter or crafe, or cause to be fraudulently altered or ended, any Certificate granted by any Officer or Officers of Excise, or shall make use of any Certificate knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, false, untrue, altered or ended, every such Person or Persons shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and Pay the Sum of Five Penilty. hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That any such Certificate given On Production by any Officer or Officers of Excise, for any Allowance to be made of Certificates or granted by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, being produced by such for Aiiowinco Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt,

Common Brewer, Distiller, Vidualler or Vinegar Maker, or his, her Oath to certain or their Agent or Agents, to the Commissioners of Excise, or to the Particular*, Person appointed by them or the major Part of them to receive the Payment made, same, for such Malt as shall be finally taken an Account of, under or

by virtue of this Act, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or to the Collector of Excise of the Collection in which any such Certificate shall be granted for such Malt as shall be finally taken an Account of, under and by virtue of this Act, out of the said Limits, at any time after the Expiration of Four Months, and before the Expiration of Six Months from the time of the granting thereof, and Oath having been made by such Maltster and Maker of Mak for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer,

Xbfbller, Vidualler or Vinegar Maker, before any of the said Cora-roiffiooecs of Excise, or the Person appointed by the said Commissiooers of Excise or the major Part of them for that Purpose, or before the Collector of Excise of the Collection in which such Malt shall have been taken an Account of, and the Quantity thereof ascertained according to the Directions of this Act, (which Oath the said Oath Commissioners and the Person appointed by them, and the several Collectors of Excise, are respectively hereby authorized and empowered to administer, ) that he, (he or they believes or believe that the proper Duties have been paid or charged for in respect of the whole Quantity of the Malt specified in such Certificate, and that the said Mah or any Part thereof hath not been taken an Account of for the Purpose of obtaining the Allowance granted by this Act, in any Place or Phces lave and except in the Stock* Custody or Possession

of

a 43.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Payment of Money mentioned in Certificate.

Money paid ou of Consolidated Duties to be replaced.

Duty on Malt coniumed in making of Strong Beer between the 8th April and 5U1 July allowed.

Beer Allowances.

of the Person or Persons nuking the said Oath, and claiming the Allowance for or in respect of such Malt, and that the said Malt was the sole Property of the said Person or Persons, or was held by him, her or them, as the Property of, for the Use of some other Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Vidualler or Vinegar Maker, and that all the Malt which was actually in Operation at the time when the Officer or Officers of Excise took an Account of the dry ungrouod Malt in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, and which in order to exempt the same from the said Duty imposed by the said Act is by this Act required to be kept separate and apart from all other Corn, Grain or Malt, hath been so kept, the said Commissioners of Excise or the major Part of them, or such Collector as aforesaid, being fadsfied of the Truth of such Oath, shall forthwith, out of the Money in their Hands respectively on Account of the said additional Duties, if they respectively shall have sufficient Money on such Account, pay to the Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Distiller, Vidualler or Vinegar Maker, or to his, her or their Agent or Agents, entitled to the same, the Sum of Money specified in such Certificate, and if the said Commissioners or Collectors respectively shall not' have sufficient Money on such Account in their respective Hands for the Purpose aforesaid, the said Commissioners or Collectors respectively shall pay the said Allowance out of any Money in their respective Hands arising from the Consolidated Duties of Excise. t XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid as aforesaid, out of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, shall be replaced to such Consolidated Duties out of the first Monies that shall arise and be received from and on account of any of the additional Duties of Excise, granted and imposed by the said Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and continued by several other Acts, and lastly by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be allowed to every Common Brewer or Vidualler the additional Duties of Excise upon Malt by the said Act first herein recited imposed, by him, her or them actually used and consumed after the Eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in the making or brewing of Strong Beer, not exceeding the following Proportions $ that is to say,

For every Four Barrels of such Strong Beer called Porter, which shall be made or brewed by such Common Brewer or Vidualler, and which shall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and be charged with Duty as Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called England* the Sum of Sixteen Shillings :

And for every Three Barrels of such Strong Beer called Ale, which shall be made or brewed by such Common Brewer or Vidualler, and which shall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and be charged with Duty as Strong

Beer,

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.4S.

109

'Beer, between the Eighth Day of titril and the Fifth Day of July One thou/and eight hundred and sixteen, in that Part of Great Britan called England, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings s

And to every Common Brewer or Victualler for every Four Barrels of such Strong Beer called Porter, which shall be made or brewed by such Common Brewer or Victualler from Malt made from Bariev, or any other Corn or Grain except Beer or Bigg, and which shall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and be charged with Duty as Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of April und the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings :

And for every Four Barrels of such Strong Beer called Porter, which shall be made or brewed by such Common Brewer or Victualler from Malt made from Beer or Bigg only, without any Mixture of Barley or any other Corn or Grain therewith, and which shall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and be charged with Duty as Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of Apnt and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Ten Shillings and Eight pence:

And for every Three Barrels of such Strong Beer called Ale, which shall be made or brewed by such Common Brewer or Victualler from Malt made from Barley, or any other Corn or Grain except from Beer or Bigg, and which shall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and be charged with Duty at Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings:

And for every Three Barrels of such Strong Beer called Ale, which shall be made or brewed by such Common Brewer or Victualler from Malt made from Beer or Bigg only, without any Mixture of Barley or any other Corn or Grain therewith, and which shall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and be charged with Duty as Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Ten Shillings and Eight pence.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no such Allowances shall be claimed, made or allowed in respect of any 'such Beer which shall be, before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shipped for Exportation or exported upon Drawback, or in respect of more Beer than the Quantity of Strong Beer of found Quality and fit for Consumption, which shall, on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, be found by the proper Officer in the Stock, Custody or Po/Icffion of the Common Brewer or Victualler claiming such Allowance.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several respeCfcive Allowances upon Malt actually used and consumed by any Common Brewer or Victualler after the Eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred 'and sixteen, and before the fifth Day of July One ihoutuid eight hundred and sixteen, in the making or brewing of Beer not exceeding the Proportions aforesaid by this Act given to Common

Brewers

No Allowances for Beer exported before }th July, or for more than Quantity found in Stock on that Day.

Allowances set off out of Money payable for Duty.

C.4 S.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810;

Oath.

Money so allowed replaced.

43 O.3. c.8i. §1*.

43 G. 3. c.38.

Brewers and ViAualiers, shall from time to time be set off and allowed out of the Monies payable by such Common Brewers or Victuallers respectively, for the Duties charged on the Beer by him, her or them respectively made or brewed; Proof being first made by such Common Brewer or Victualler respectively, by Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any of them, or the said federal Collectors of Excise, are hereby required and empowered to administer, } of the full and entire Quantity of Malt which he, (he or they has or have respectively aAually used and consumed in the making or brewing of such Beer, between the said Eighth Day of AprU One thousand eight huudred and sixteen, and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and that no such Beer has been shipped for Exportation or exported on Drawback; and such Allowances shall be made at the time when such Duties are by him, her or them respectively paid; which said Allowances so to be made and set off as aforesaid, the respe Aive Commissioners of Excise are hereby authorized to make and allow accordingly*

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That whatever Sum or Sums of Money should be so allowed or set off as aforesaid, to any such Common Brewer or Victualler, shall be replaced to the Duties on Beer out of the First Monies that shall anse and be received from and upon Account of the additional Duties on Malt by the AA herein first recited imposed, in Preference to all other Payments whatever.

XIX. And Whereas bj an Act made in the*Forty third Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an ASfor granting 4 to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the 4 Definitive Treaty of Peace9 certain additional Duties of Excise in 4 Great Britain, it was enacted, that during the Continuance of the

said Act, all Beer and Ale above the Price of Eighteen Shillings 4 the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties) should be denominated,

deemed and taken to be Strong Beer or Ale, and all Beer of the Price of Eighteen Shillings the Barrel or under (exclusive

of Duties) (houla be denominated, deemed and taken to be Table 4 Beer, witnin the Meaning of an Act of Parliament made in the 4 Forty second Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty,

4 intituled an jt8 for granting to His Majesty additional Duties 4 on Beer and Hie brewed in or imported into Great Britain, on Malt 4 made in Great Britain, on Hops grown in or imported into Great Britain; and on Spirits distilled in Ireland and imported into Great Britain; for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and 4 Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Ahufes in the Revenue of 4 Excise, on Beery Ale and Malty and the said Act of the Forty 4 third Year aforesaid, and of all other Acts of Parliament in force 4 relating to Beer or Ale: And Whereas several of the additional 4 Duties granted by the said Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, which would have expired at a certain limited 4 time alter the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, had not the same been continued, were by an Act made in the 4 Fifty fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign continued until and 4 upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and 4 fifteen, and were and are by another Act made in the Fifty fifth 4 Year of His said Majesty's Reign, further continued, until and 4 upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and

4 sixteen.

J). 1SV&.

56° GEO. III.

C.*9.

II!

ftxteen, md by another A <51 made in the present SefEon of Par-\ameat are continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thmdfarf agbt hundred and twenty one, fare and except the 1 Danes on Malt made in England and Scotland, or brought from

Stuiad into England, granted by the said recited Act of the

Fair third Year of the Reign of His prefect Majesty: And

Whata* by the Continuance as aforesaid of the said several Duties, hre and except the said Duties on Malt as last aforesaid, the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, so far as relates to such condoned Duties, has been and is thereby also condoned until and upon the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; but Doubts may arise whether the PTovifm hereinbefore recited be by reason thereof also continued,

' notwithstanding the said Dudes on Malt will cease and expire on 1 the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: '

Nov, for the Prevention and Removal of such Doubts, be it declared asd enadrd, That the said recited Provision in the said Act of Provifooin the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty does and3 G«3-{bdl wholly cede and expire with the said Duties on Mak on the £dd Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, Beer and Table and fab be no longer of any Force or Effest; any thing in any Beer, made to other Act or Acts in the present or any former Senkm of Parlia- cease. ment to die contnrj thereof not with standing.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties how Forfeitures, imposed or created by this Act, shall be sued for, ky*1 #P*

recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods, as plled' any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt,

Bid, nasft or Information, in any of His Majesty^ Courts of Record at Wtflmimjter, or fa the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respecttvdy; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them, who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XXL And be it further enacted, That all and every of the Former Acts Powers, Directfaos, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters rel«ing to the and drisgs which, in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Excrf "jforce* the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking°

away toe Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Coptic, and by Knights* Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon Hit MejeSy in lieu thereof \ or by any other Law now in force relating to lbs Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established,

(had be pra&fed, used and put in Execution, in and for the Purposes sf this A ft, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things were particularly irpeated tod reenacted fa this present Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons Taking false shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the Oath, casa ia which an Oath is required to be taken by this Act, shall be Wats the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful Perjury, aritttw Penury.

XHu. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, Ad may be amendtdw repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made fa this present altered, &c. SdHon of Parliament.

CAP.

56" GEO. III.

A.D. 181&

Duties to cease.

New Duties.

Drawback.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to repeal the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise, on Hard Soap made in Great Britain and imported from Ireland; and to grant other Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks in lieu thereof. [31ft May 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties, Allowances and ' W Drawbacks of Excise, now payable'in respect of Hard ' Soap made in Great Britain, and of Irish Hard Soap imported

from Ireland into Great Britain, should lie repealed, and that other

Duties should be imposed, and other Allowances and Drawbacks

granted in lieu thereof; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and singular the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise, now payable by Law in respect of Hard Soap made in Great Britain, and of Irish Hard Soap imported from Ireland into Great Britain, shall ceale and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that tune remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the paiung of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in lieu and instead of the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Excise hereinafter mentioned; (that is to fayL For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap or Ball Soap, which shall be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof, Three pence; for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Hard Cake or Ball Soap, which shall be imported irom Ireland into Great Britain9 to be paid by the Importer thereof. Threepence: And that the following Allowances shall be made; (that is to say), for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap or Ball Soap made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain, in the making of any Cloths, Serges, Kerfeys, Bays, Stockings or other Manufactures of Sheep or Lambs9 Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the jpreateft Part of the Value of the Materials shall be Wool, or in the finiftiing of the said Manufactures, or preparing the Wool for the same, Two pence Farthing; and for every Found Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap or Ball Soap made in Great Britain, which maU be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain, in the whitening of new Linen in the Piece for Sale, Two pence; and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Soap, made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain, in preparing and fimshing any Manufactures from Flax or Cotton for Sale (except such as shall be used in whitening new Linen in the Piece, in order to the Sale thereof) One Penny halfpenny: And that a Drawback of the whole of the respective Duties ihali be paid

for

A>D.me.

66° GEO. III.

C. 14.

113

i

i

x"

for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Soap made in Great Britan, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Pauls.

/*III. And Whereas Contracts or Agreements may have been

made before the passing of this Act, by Dealers in Hard Cake or < Ball Soap, upon which Duties are by this Act imposed for such

Hard Cake or Ball Soap respectively, to be delivered after the 4 passing of this Act Be it therefore enacted, That such Dealers delivering such Hard Cake or Ball Soap, made after the passing of this Act, in pursuance of such Contracts or Agreements, (had be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of such Hard Cake or Ball Soap respectively, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks shall be respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, allowed and paid, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise respectively hereby repealed were or might be raised, levied, collected, recovered, allowed and paid; and the said Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the said Duties imposed, or entitled to the fiud Allowance or Drawbacks respectively granted by this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby made fubied and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reitridions and Forfeitures to which such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, were generally or specially subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on ana immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Duties of Excise or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, were or might be subject and liable; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament iv force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, and for securing the Revenue of Excise or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clausea, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put»Execution, for and in respect of the said several Duties of Excise, Allowances and Drawbacks respectively hereby charged, imposed and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of tUiAa.

56 Gxo. III. I VI. And

Dealers may add Duty tp Con* trails.

Duties under Manaeement of Commissioners of Excise.

Duties how levied.

Former Acts force applied Ad

5 S

114

I

t

Duties carried to Consolidated Fund.

A£fc may be altered, Sec.

Secretary at War to issue Money required for Pay of Local Militia.

Rates of Pay.

Proviso.

Rates of Pay when absent on Furlough.

C. 44, 45. 56 GEO. III. A.D. 1816.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies anting by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of rating and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at IVtflminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Proritions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act te be made in this SeiGon of Parliament.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of

the Local Militia in Great Britain, to the Twenty fifth Day

of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

[31ft May 1816.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Cloathing and contingent Expences of the Local Muitia in Great Britain, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven-

teenBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Secretary at War for the time being is hereby authorized and empowered and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Local Militia, in the manner and for the several Uses hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say). For the Pay of the said Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed, and required to be resident at Head Quarters*and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quartermaster, required to be resident at Head Quarters, where the Establiflunent of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he is appointed (hull not be less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men; and at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day to such Quartern! after, where the Establiflunent shall be under that Number; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence a Day for each Serjeant required to be resident at the Head Quarters of theRegiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence a Day for every Corporal retained by Order of His Majesty, and so required to be resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer so required to be resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed: Provided always, that when any such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Cozporal or Drummer, shall during such Absence receive Pay at the following Rates, instead of those above mentioned; (that is to say), Every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling per Day every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Sixpence per

A.D. 1B1S.

56° GEO. III.

e. 45,

115

Day id^diirlr, and no more; And also for the Cloathing of the Local 10ta for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, at tie Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten pence for od Seijeaot Major, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight pence fa each Serjeant, Two Pounds One Shilling and Ten pence for each Corporal, Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major, Three Pounds Five Shillings and Two pence for each Drummer, and Two Pounds One Shilling and Four pence for each Private Man, together with the actual Lxpence of Package and Carnage, and such Charges for altering and fitting the Cloathing as shall hare been notified by the Secretary at War; and that such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on cooftant Pay, and resident at the Head Quarters, foil be doathed once in Two Years; and that such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of Local Militia, beyond the regular Eiabfthnmt of the permanent Staff thereof, as may be serving on Reduced Pay, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend several Acts rrioriftf r« the Local Militia of Great Britain, shall be entitled to new uoathing when their present Cloathing shall have been actually and oecetiarily worn for two Years: And 2fo at the Rate of Three pence per Man per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Ex pence of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, for the Period during which the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall have a Staff retained on permanent Pay at its Head Quarters.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of Local Militia serving upon permanent Pay, shall be subject to the Provisions of Two Acts made in the Fifty fecood Year of His present Majesty's Reign for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia of England and Scotland respectively, in as & as relates to the Allowance for Necessaries, although they may have been enrolled previous to the passing of the said Acts.

III. And be it farther enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, in Addition to his Pay, the Sum of Five Shillings and Three pence per Week for every Hundred Rank and File assembled for Training, for the Expence of the necessary Medicines for the Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men so assembled, and an Allowance of Sixpence per Month for each of the Non CommH&oned Officers and Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, on ConfUnt Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of aeceflary Medicines and Attendance given to the said Non Commissiooed Officers and Drummers, while such Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not assembled for Training.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Quartermaster of each I Raiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, having a Staff retard on permanent Pay at its Head Quarters, or in his Absence tbs Adjutant, shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Ac-coutnatau, Cloathing or Necessaries and other Stores, under the Superife&fance of the Colonel or Commandant, and shall, out of the Monty hereby directed to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent lapences of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from tune to time iffne out and pay such Sums of Money as may be necef-

I 2 fary

Cloathing.

Contingent

Expence*.

Non Com mi f-Honed Officers and Drummers subject to Provisions of 5» G.3. c. n6, k 68.

Allowance to Surgeon.

Quartermaster, &c. to have Charge of Arms and Cloathing, and to issue Money necessary for Repair* on an Order signed by CokrneL

C.45.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 181

Balance to form«Stock Purlc.

Local Militia entitled to Pay during Annual Exercise, &c.

Money for Pay, Ac. i (Tiled under Direction of Secretary it War.

Proviso for Right to CheU sea Pensiona.

Adjutants after a Service of 30 Years and unfit for further Service, to receive an Allowance of 61. per Day.

Proviso as to Persons holding Offices.

fery for the Repair of Arms, or other usual incidental Expenc upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Cc mandant, and after Payment of such Sums as shall be drawn up him by the Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid, he (b three times in the Year make up Acounts of all such Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and of the Balance remaining in his Hand which laid Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the f giment, Battalion or Corps, and shall transmit the said Account the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and signed, and the said A counts, so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby directed to the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Quartermaster for t Application and Disposal of such Money.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non Cor miffioued Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Local Milit when assembled for Training shall be entitled to the same Pay an Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embodied Provided always, that the said Pay and Allowances shall onlyexten to such Perioa or Periods for which the said Local Militia shall b called out for the Purpose of Annual Exercise or Training, or ft suppressing Riots or Tumults, with the Addition of the Days < arriving at and Departure from and marching to and from the Plat appointed for Exercise 5 any thing in any Act or Acts of Pi liament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money grant* for the Pay, Cloathing and contingent Expences for the Loci Militia as aforesaid, fhafi be issued and paid under the Direction < the Secretary at War, who»hereby empowered to issue such Regu ations as he may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time: that behalf.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Ai jutant, Quartermaster, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer 1 Private Man in the Local Militia entitled to receive any Chtljea Pei fion or Allowance, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same t reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Local Militia.

' VIII. And Whereas Persons appointed to act as Adjutants i 1 the Local Militia may by Age or infirmity be rendered incapab

of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Provisia

should be made for them in Consideration of their former Service Be it enacted, That if any Adjutant who shall have served faithful! either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Loc Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, 'Fifteen 1 which he shall have served as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militi shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, I shall on producing to the Quartermaster of the Regiment, Battalia or Corps to which he shall belong, a Certificate of such Service Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of 13 different Corps to which he shall have belonged, together with 1 Order from the Secretary at War, be entitled to receive, and tl Quartermaster aforesaid shall be and he is hereby authorized ai required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate and Ord as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Da] Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive fui Allowance at aforesaid, who shall have served for a left Term thi

Fiftfl

A..T3.18J6.

56° GEO. III.

C» 45.

117

Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, or who

shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military*

under His Majesty: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose For H.lf pay.

any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such

Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay

as well as fuchAUowarice.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Bat- Reduced Adju-talion or Corps, shall have already ceased and determined, or been unt# , 0£*e, ir# reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine, or be 4§ reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the

Sum of Four Shillings per Diem mall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or from the time such Regiment, Battalion or Corps,

shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment, as the case may be, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: Provided always, that no such Person Provifoaito shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as last aforesaid, who shall hoWln*

hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under ° ct9 %

His Majesty; bnt no such Person shall lose any Right he may have to Halt Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

X. And be it further enacted; That whensoever the permanent Adjutants when

Staff of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall be entirely reduced, £*"1

and the Adjutant released from Residence and Duty at Head Quarters, Quarter* tobe it shall be lawful for His Majesty to place such Adjutant upon the placed on th* reduced Allowance of Four Shillings per Diem, although the Re- reduced AUow-giment. Battalion or Corps to which such Adjutant belongs, shall Jnce of4s- F*r not have ceased and determined: Provided always, that whenever P*

such Adjutant shall be required to return to Head Quarters to perform Military Duty, he shall again be entitled to the Daily Pay of Eight Shillings as aforesaid; and provided also that no such Adjutant fhau be entitled to receive such reduced Allowance who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty; hut no such Adjutant shall lose any Right which he may Prorifo for have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such reduced Allowance, Half Pay. but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding or Receiver Gene-Place in England where the Local Militia is or shall be raised, the ralcf Land Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Jaa.Ac. to pay.Riding or Place respectively, and in every County, Stewartry, City ciwks^?G«ie-or Place in Scotland where the Local Militia is or shall he raised, the ni a(K| Subdivi-Receiver General for Scotland shall issue and pay the whole Sums fion Meetings, required for the respective Allowances to the Clerks of the General

Meetings and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in 1England,

' at the Kates following; (that is to say), to the Clerk of the General Rates of Al-Meedngs at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meet- lowance. mg, and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting; and such further Allowance shall be made to fuen respective General and Subdivision Clerks for their Expences and Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons returned liable to serve in the Local Militia, by tailing out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or

I 3 Claims

116

C .46.

66° GEO. III.

a.e>. i8i

How Payment of such Allowances to Clerks made.

42 O. 3.0.91.

Stamp Duty on

Conrniifljoos

repaid.

Bills drawn for Pay, &c. may be on uuftamped Paper.

Ho Fee taken.

Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Namei any Person that shall have been omitted to be inserted, and in nt bering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Bailot, ai the Rate of One Pound Fifteen Shillings for every One thoufa Names of Persons returned liable to serve, and also for the act Ex pences incurred by such respective Clerks, and for Printing 2 Stationary used for the Purpose of this Act, as to the Lord Li< tenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Counties, Ridin; Cities or Places shall appear reasonable and proper; and in case t Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants f the Payment of such further Allowances as aforesaid shall be co firmed at a General Meeting confiding of not less than Five X>epui Lieutenants, but not otherwise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver General i England shall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings, his Allow ance at the Rate of Five Pounds and Five Shillings for each Meet ing, or such further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore directed, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpof< from His Majesty's Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Lieutenant assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings, and shall also pa; to each and every of the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings then several Allowances, at the Rate of One Pound and One Shilling foi each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made as herein before directed, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which said Order or Orders, specifying the Day or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places and for what Purpose or Purposes the said General and Subdivision Meeting or Meetings, have been assembled and held, together with the Clerk's Receipt or Receipts for the Sums so churned, shall be to the Receivers General in England respectively a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in their Accounts; and that the several Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings for their Trouble and Expencei in the Execution of this Act in Scotland shall be paid and defrayed in the same Manner in which Schoolmasters, Constables and other Persons employed in the Execution of an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled AnJidto raifc and efiablish a Militia Force in Scotland, are directed to be paid for their Trouble and Expences.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Hull be lawful for the Agent General of Volunteers and Local Militia, and be is hereby reauired, to repay any Sum of Money which may have been paid for the Stamp Duty on any Commission of any Officer in the Local Militia, under such Regulations and in such Manner as the Secretary at War shall appoint.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Local Militia under this Act, may or shall be drawn upon undamped Paper, and no such Bill, Draft or Order shall be void by reason of being so drawn or written on undamped Paper.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant, or Sum of Money, which shall be issued in relation to or in pur-fnance of this Act.

A

CAP.

AJD.im

S6* GEO. III.

C. 46.

119

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Civil List.

[aoth June 1816.J

- WHEREAS an A & passed in the Twenty second Year of the < W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling

Hu Majfty to discharge the Debt contended upon tits Civil List

Revenue*, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the

future* by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues;

' and by fnpfrcjfing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which

art now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List: And Whereas 1 an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His pre-

lent Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing certain Regulations

in the Receipt of the Exchequer: And Whereas an Act passed in

the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in* ' drilled An Act to authorize the Lord Steward of the Household* the Lori Chamberlain, the Master of the Horse, the Master of the Robes,

and the Lords of the Treasury, respectively, to pay Bounties granted 1 ij His Majesty to Persons in low and indigent Circumstances: And«Whereas an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Support of HU9Mavftyfts Household* and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the [fasted Kingdom* and for preventing Accumulationof Arrears9in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues: And Whereas an9Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain9Saw for defraying the Expences incident to the AJfumption of the

Perjoual Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Royal Highness

The Prince Regent, in the Name and on the Behalf of Hu Majesty: 9 And Whereas another A A passed in the Fifty second Year of

the Ragn of His present Majesty, intituled An Act e Re-9 gelation of His Majesty's Household* and for enabling Her Majesty ' The Queen to meet the increased Expence to which Her Majesty may be exposed during His Majesty's IndiJPqfition; and for the9Cast of His Majesty9 s Real and rerfonal Property; and to amend9an Act tf the left Sejfton of Parliament, to provide for the Adminif 1 tration of the Royal Authority during Hu Majesty's Illness: And 1 Whereas the ordinary Revenues of the Civil List have for many

Years past been found inadequate to defray the Charges thereon,

< and the Deficiency has been made good by the Application of the ' Funds arising from the Droits of the Crown, or other Extraordi-

nary Resouroes, or by special Grants of Parliament: And Whereas9it is highly expedient that the ordinary Revenues of His Majesty's

< Civil List should be made adequate to the ordinary Charges thereon, 9and that several of the Charges which have heretofore been borne 1 upon the Civil List Revenues should in future be made a Charge 1 upon and be defrayed out of the Consolidated Fund of Great

Britain* or otherwise provided for; and it is also expedient that 1 ttoft and fcoarate Appropriations should be made of .certain Pro-

potions of the Civil List Revenues, for the Payment of certain 1 Charges comprised in the several ClafTes of the Civil List, and that9father and more effectual Provision should be made for the Regul-

ah00 ad Coatroul of the Expenditure thereof j' Be it therefore

14' enacted

sa 0.3. c. 8ft.

33 G.3.C.83. 35 G. 3. c. 61.

44 C. 3. c. 8a J3 0.3. c. 7.

52 G. 3. c. 8.

C. 46.

S68 GEO. III.

A.D. 181

Certain Sums heretofore paid to a Part of the Royal Family out of the Civil. Lift to he hereafter payable out of Consolidated Fund.

Allowances to the Royal Family to be paid at the Exchequer without' Fee or Reward.

Clear of Taxes.

enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with li Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, a Commons, in this present Parliament affexnbled, and by the Autl rity of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of April 0 thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Payment of the fevei Allowances and Sums of Twelve thousand Pounds to His Roy Highness Frederick Duke of York, of Two thousand five hundr Pounds to His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Clarern and of Four thousand Pounds to each of Their Royal Highneff the Princess Augujla Sophia, the Princess Elizabeth, the Prince Mary, and the rnneefs Sophia, heretofore granted by His Majest and charged upon the Civil List Revenues, (nail ceaie and determine and such Allowances and Sums of Money shall be no longer payabl or paid out of the said Revenues; hut from and after the said Fiftl Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the said Seven. Allowances and Sums of Money respectively shall be charged and chargeable upon and issuing and payable out of the Consolidited Fund of Great Britain, during the Joint Lives of His Majesty and Their said Royal Highnesses respectively, as to each of their said it-spective Allowances and Sums aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Allowances, Sums of Money and Annuities as aforesaid, shall be issued and paid out of the said Consolidated Fund, after paying and reserving Sufficient to pay all such Sums as shall have been directed to be paid out of the same by any Act or Acts of Parliament made and passed before the passing of tnis Ad, and with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may at any time after the passing of this Act be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund, and shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer out of the said Fund, and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall and he is hereby required to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said respective Sums, as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same or any Part thereof; and the respective Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of Their said Royal Highnesses respectively, as to each of the bid Allowances, Sums of Money or Annuities aforesaid, or of such other Person or Persons as shall he by them respectively duly authorized and appointed to receive their respective Allowances, Sums of. Money or Annuities as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall be good and Sufficient Discharges for the Payment thereof respectively; and the Said Debentures to he made forth and passed for carrying into Execution the Provision8 of this Act shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said respective Sums of Money, without any further or other Warrant to be Sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf; and that the Said respective Sums of Money so to be paid, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatsoever.

III. And Whereas an Estimate has been laid before Parliament

of the future Annual Charges of the several Classes oi His Majesty's f Civil List, the Amount of which, for each Class sespectively, it

(pecified in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and it is expedient,

< for ensuring the regular Payment of the said Charges, arising in etch

A.D. 181&

56° GEO. III.

C. 46.

121

Oafs rr/bedively, that Appropriations should be made out of the«Civil List Revenues, in the manner hereinafter directed; ' Be it therefore farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Tressurer, or the Commissionert of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, at the Commencement of every Quarter, or within a Period not exceeding Thirty Days from the Commencement of each Quarter, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct what Sums shall refjpedively be set apart and appropriated, in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, out of the Quarterly Revenues of the Civil List, for the Purpose of defraying the several Charges upon the respective Gaffes thereof; but so as that the Sum to be appropriated to the Sixth Class do not exceed One fourth Part of the estimated annual Amount of that Class, as specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and so that the Sams to be appropriated to the other of the Classes in any One Quarter be equal to One fourth Part of the estimated Amount of such Class, together with any Saving which may have accrued upon the said Class in the preceding Quarter; and the several and re* spective Sums, in the said Warrant directed to be set apart and appropriated, shall be so set apart by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and be appropriated to the respective Classes accordingly; and each and every Sum so set apart and appropriated, shall in the First- Instance be applied in the Payment of all the unfarisfied Charges of every Description of the Class in respect of which such Appropriation shall have been made, in Preference to any other Charges whatever upon His Majesty's Civil List Revenues; and no Part thereof shall on any Account whatever be applied for any other Purpose, or in Aid of any other of the Classes of the Civil List, or of any other of the Charges thereon, except in the manner hereinafter provided; any thing contained in the said recited Act of the Twenty Second Year aforesaid, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; but in case the actual Cham of any Class or Classes of the Civil List shall exceed the Sum which may have been appropriated thereto, then such Exceeding shall and may be issued out of any Money in the Exchequer arising from His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, which may not have been appropriated to any particular Class or Classes of the Civil List.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Saving or Surplus shall arise in any Quarter, in respect of any Money appropriated for defraying the Charges of any particular Class, so as that the Sum appropriated thereto mall be more than sufficient for the foil and complete Payment of the Charges thereon, such Quarterly Saving or Surplus shall in every such case be carried forward in the Exchequer to the Account and Credit, and be applied for the Purposes of the Class in which it shall have arisen, until the Fifth Day of January in every Year; and in case such Saving or Surplus renaming at that time shall have arisen in the Third Class, then it flail be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treafary for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they we hereby required, to direct the same to be carried to the Account of the said Consolidated Fund; but in case and whenever any such Saving or Surplus remaining at the End of the Year shall have arisen in say other of the Classes of the Civil List, then it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Trea-

fury

Sums appropriated to Payment of respective Classes of Civil list, and to be applied in the first Instance in Payment thereof in Preference to all other Paymenta.

Treasury may direct Savings in any Clafi to be applied at the End of the Year, in Aid of the other Classes.

C. 46.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.IB10.

Application of Exchequer Fees repealed, and a fixed Sum carried to Civil Lid Revenue, and Remainder to Coofolidated Fund.

50 G.3.CXI7. §9-

repealed.

fury for the time being* or any Three or more of them* to direct the same to be applied in Aid of the Charges or Expences of any other Clasa, or of any other Charge or Charges upon His Majesty's Civil List Revenues* in such manner as may under the Circusnft&nces appear to be most expedient.

V. And Whereas it is expedient that the Income as well as the 4 Charge of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues should* as far as may 4 be praHicable* consist of such Sums as are fixed and certain in their 4 Amount* and that so much of the said recited AH of the Twenty 4 third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* as emits* that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall direH the Surplus 4 of the Fees and Gratuities* Specified in the said Act* to be carried*to the Account of the Monies applicable to the Use of His Majesty'8 Civil Government and to the Sinking Fund* in the Pro* 4 portions in the said Act specified, should therefore be repealed ; Be it further enacted* That so much of the said Alt as is above recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act* there shall be applied to the Civil List Revenues* out of the Surplus of such Fees and Gratuities* the Sum of Forty eight thousand Pounds per Annum* by even and equal Quarterly Payments; and the Remainder of such Surplus shall go and be carried to the said Consolidated Fuad.

4 VI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled An Act to direS that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Public Salaries* Pensions and 4 Allowances* shall be annually laid befort Parliament % and to regulate 4 and controul the granting and paying of such Salaries» Pensions and 4 Allowances, it is provided* that when any Deficiency of the Fee 4 Fund should be found in the Offices of the Principal Secretary 4 of State* of the Council and of the Treasury* the same should be made good out of the Civil List: And Whereas it is expedient that 1 the said Provision should be repealed* and that any Deficiency of the Fee Fund which may arise in any of those Offices should not 4 hereafter be made good out of the Civil List* or be considered as 4 forming any Part of the ordinary Charges thereof, but should be made good out of such other Funds as may be provided by Parlia* 4 mentBe it therefore further enacted, That to much of the fail AH as is above recited* shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the patting of this Act* the Deficiency of Fees which may be found in any of the said Offices shall not be considered as forming any Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil List* but that the lame shall be made good out of any Funds which may be granted by Parliament to discharge such Expences* of a Civil nature* as do not form a Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil List.

4 VII. And Whereas it may frequently happen that Pensions* 4 Fees and Salaries may be direHed to be paid at the Exchequer* in 4 cases where the Parties entitled to such Pensions* Fees and Salaries* 4 may have died previously to the Day up to which such Payments 4 may have been direHed* by which the Money becomes appropriated 4 in the Hands of the proper Officers of the Exchequer* and cannot 4 be applied to any Purposes whatever without the Authority of Par* 4 liament: And Whereas it is expedient that Authority mould be 4 given to the Lord High Treasurer, or Coomissioners of His Majesty's Treasury* or any Three or more of them for the time

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 46.

12$

being, to authorize the proper Officers of the Exchequer, who may ' haw been directed to pay, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, ' any Sum or Sums to any Person or Persons, for any Pension, Fee 1 or Salary which did not become due or could not be paid in confe-

qoence of the Death of the Person to whom it was directed to be 1 paid, to pay the said Sum to any other Person or Persons, for the

Purpose of the same being again paid into the Exchequer, and ap- plied, if arising upon the Third Class of the Civil List, to the Ac- count of the Consolidated Fund, and if arising jn any other of the 1 Claftesof the Civil List, to the Account of His Majesty's Civil 4 Lift Revenues, ' Be it therefore further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized, from time to time, by Warrant under their Hand or Hands, to direct the proper Officers of the Exchequer to pay to any Person or Persons who may be named in the fiud Warrant, any Sum or Sums which may have been directed to be paid to any Penon or Persons for any Pension, Fee or Salary, but which did not become due or could not be paid in consequence of the Death of the Person or Persons to whom the same was directed to be paid before the Day up to which such Pension, Fee or Salary, may have been directea to be paid; and the Sum or Sums which may be received under such Warrant or Warrants shall be repaid into the Exchequer, and applied, if arising upon the Third Clals of the Civil List, to the Account of the Consolidated Fund, and if arising in any of the other Classes of tht Civil List, to the Account of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues.

VIII. And Whereas it would eueotially contribute to the Ex-

ercife of a due Economy in the different Branches of the Royal 4 Household, by efbbliflung a more effectual Superintendence over 1 that Part of the Civil List which belongs to the Departments of < the Lord Chamberlam, the Lord Steward and the Master of the 4 Horse^ if an Officer were appointed specially for the Purpose of

examining and auditing the Bills, Expences and Accounts of 4 those Departments respectivelyBe it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, -to appoint a proper Person, who Sail be empowered and required to examine and audit all the Tradesmen's Bills, and the Accounts and Expences incurred or to be incurred in the Departments of the Lord Chamberlain, Lord Steward and Master of the Horie, and to examine into all the Expenditure within those Departments during its Progress, and to report thereon to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, so that the same may be, as far as may be practicable, in conformity to the previous Estimates thereof, as ian&ioned and approved by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Com* miffiooers of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them; and the said Officer in the Execution of the said Duty Audi obey such Orders and Directions as he shall from time to time receive from the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty't Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them; and it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Coauniffioam of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or mote of them, to grant to such Officer, out of the Civil List

.. Revenues,

T rcafury te direct Officer, of Exchequer to pay to Perfooa named in any Warrant, any Penfton, Fee or Salary which did not become due in conlequenct of Death of Person to whom same we, di. retted to be paid.

Treasury may appoint an Of-6cer to audit Civil List Accounts

C. 46.

56" GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Such Officer no1 to fit in Parliament.

Tretfury to prepare luftruc-tions for Guidance of i'uch Officer.

Officer map fumraon Persona, and require Books, Accounts and Vouchers, and examine upon Oath.

Affirmation of (Quakers.

Servants, Tradesmen, dtc. offending dismissed, Stc.

Fine.

Persons giving false Evidence before Auditor.

Revenues, such Salary as His Majesty may think fit, not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum; and the said Officer, during the holding of the said Office shall be and he is hereby declared to be incapable of being elected into or of fitting and voting in Parliament.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, as loon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to prepare a full and complete Code of Inftxuftions for the Guidance of the Conduct of such Auditor in the Execution of his Duties as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to alter and change such Code of In draft ions, or to issue any additional Indraft ions for the Conduct of the said Officer, in such manner as the Good of His Majesty's Service may from time to time appear to them to require; and such Officer for the time being shall in all cases in the Execution of his Office govern himself in the Performance of his Duties therein by such In-druftions, in like manner in every respect as if the same had been inserted and made Part of this Act*

X. And Whereas it may be necessary that the said Officer, in the*Execution of the Duty to be reposed in him, should be empowered 1 to examine Persons upon OathBe it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Officer, by and with the Coufent and Authority, in each particular case, of the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to be signified by One of the Secretaries of the Treasury, to call before him any of the Officers or Persons holding any Offices, Situations or Places under the Lord Chamberlain, or under the Lord Steward, or under the Mader of the Horse, and also any Persons not belonging to any or either of the said Departments, who may have fuppiied or furnished, or been concerned or employed in the supplying or furntih-ing any Articles, matters and things in or for the Use of either of the said Departments respectively, or who may be able, in the Judgment of the said Officer, to give any Information relating thereto, and to examine any such Person or Persons as aforesaid upon Oath, or Affirmation (if Quakers), which Oath or Affirmation Rich Officer is hereby authorized to adminider, as to any such Accounts, Expences or Charges, or any matters or things relating thereto, or as to any such Articles or things so fuppiied or furniflied as aforesaid, or touching and concerning any matter or thing necessary for the full, drift and accurate Examination and Audit of any such Accounts or Expences or Charges; and in case of the Failure by any Person to comply with any such the lawful Requisition of the said Officer, every such Person so refusing, if an Officer or Servant or Tradesman employed in any of the said Departments, shall be dismissed from his Situation or Employment, and be incapable of being again employed as such Officer, Servant or Tradesman in the Service of His Majesty; and every such Person shall also be liable to the Payment of such Pine to His Maiedy as the Court of Exchequer, on Application made to the said Court by the said Officer, or by His Majesty's Attorney General, shall think fit to set and impose, which Fine the said Court is hereby authorized and empowered to set and impose accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person in the Course of any Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before anj

A.D. 1616.

56 GEO. III.

C. 46.

125.

such Aidtor under the Provision* of this A shall wilfully and compA gut false Evidence, such Person so offending, and being then/iUrooDTidedy shall be and it hereby declared to be subject and UImd fad Paint and Penalties as by any Law now in force persons fvafiui of wilfal and corrupt Peijury are subject and liable to til. And be it farther enacted, That the Officer so to be ap-inted shall, after he has duly examined such Accounts and Heden as aforesaid, make up a State or States thereof, in such Manner ud Form as shall be required by his Instructions in that Behalf, and deliver the same to the Lord High Treasurer, or CommifEoom of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being; and the hid Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the tine being, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized, if they shall fee fit, to direct any further Examination of the said Account, or to allow the same in case they shall be satisfied tbotwsh; and such Allowance, and a Warrant under His MajestVs Sign Mamnl issued in pursuance of such Allowance, shall be a full and final Discharge for and upon any such Account, to all Intents and Pvposes, without any further or other Audit, Account, Allowance or Wcharge whatever; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Pariatnl to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the total Charge upon the Civil list, from the Fifth Day of January in any one Year to the Fifth Day of January in the succeeding Year, shall amount to more than One million one hundred thousand Pounds, an Account dating the Particulars of such Exceeding, and the Cause thereof, shall be Whontted to Parliament within Thirty Days after the same shall have ten steamed, if Parliament shall be then fitting; but if Parliament shaft not be then fitting, then the said Account shall be presented within Thirty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

Perjury.

Officer, after £ lamination, to make out Suita according to Initrudions. Treasury may remit for further Examination, or allow any Warrant, Ac. to be e final Discharge.

Exceeding!, Particulars laid before Parliament.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

ESTIMATE of the probable future Annual Charge on the Civil List.

ift CLASS Pensions andAlbwances to the Royal Family id CLASS - Allowances to the Lord Chancellor, Judges, See. jd CLASS Allowances to Foreign Ministers; including Pensions to Foreign Ministers, and Salaries to (Jonfuls Bills of His Majesty* Tradesmen Salaries to the Department of the Lord Chamberlain, Lord Steward, Master of the Horse, Matter of the Robes and Surveyor General of Works; including Compensation and Superannuation Allowances payable within those Departments -Pensions limited by Ad 22 Geo. III. cap. 82. -Salaries and Allowances to certain Officers and Persons .. Salaries to the Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer ... Occasional Payments, not comprised in any of the foregoing Cush - - - -

4th CLASS jih CLASS

6th CLASS -7th CLASS-

8th CLASS

CAP.

C.47, 48, 49.

56" GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.'[acth June 1816.]

K IRISH Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent to bear 44 Interect, § i. Buis issued not to exceed i, 2cx>, ooooL § 2. Banks €t of Ireland or England may advance 1, 200, 0001. on Credit of«Act, §6.

[/« all other rcftefis except Dates this AS is the same as Cap. 41. ante, ']

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Calli in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland. [20th June 1816.]

" IRISH Ad, 37 G. j. c. 51. continued by 43 G.3. c. 44. Both " the recited Acts shall have Continuance until the Expiration of " Three Calendar Months next after any Refbriaion imposed or to " be imposed by any Act made or to be made in this present SefiEoo u of Parliament on the Governor and Company of the Bank of " England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease, unless the " Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the 44 Privy Council of Ireland shall, by an Order in Council, direct that " the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of " Ireland shall sooner cease.

55 G.j. c.51. I

CAP. XUX An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy afiefsing, collecting and levying of County Rates. [20th June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend*an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the more 4 easy ajfesing, colleSing and levying of County Rates: And Whereas, by the said recited Act, the Justices of the Peace of the several*Counties, Ridings or Divisions of Counties, Cities, Towns or other 4 Places, having Commissions of the Peace within themselves, in that 4 Part of Great Britain called England* are authorized and empowered 4 to assess and tax, for the Purposes of the said Act, every Parish,Township and other Place, whether Parochial or Extra Parochial, within the respective Limits of their Commissions, according to a 4 certain Pound Rate of the full and fair annual Value of the Messuages. Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments rateable to the Relief 4 of the Poor therein)and Doubts having arisen under the said Act, whether any Meffiiages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, situate within any Extra Parochial or other Place where no Rate*for Relief of the roor is made and collected, could be made subject 4 to the County Rate ta be raised under the fiyd Act, and it is expedieat that such Doubts flxould be removed; 9 Be it therefore

enacted

AD. 1816.

55° GEO. III.

C. 48.

if7

ena&d bf IV King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice ad Coafent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Qoanaat, a this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of At fear, That all Mefftiages, Lands, Tenements and Heredita- Extra Parochial

WBO, State, lying or being in any Extra Parochial Place or other

Bco, whether rated to the Relief of the Poor or not so rated,

dkagh the same may not be deemed rateable to the Relief of the ^le to the Rt-

Aor within such Extra Parochial Places, or other Places where no lief of the Poor,

life it made for the Relief of the Poor, shall be, and the lame are Tubjea to be

hereby decked to be subject to be assessed, taxed and rated, by and £*10

tader the Order, Direction and Authority of Justices of the reace, ty W*

ia such and the lame manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements

and Hereditaments, within any Parishes or Places where a Rate is

made fertk Refief of the Poor; and the Justices of the Peace shall

in all caafe % where the same may be necessary, appoint proper Persons

rithia such Extra Parochial or other Places, as directed in and by

the fod recited Act, for the aftefsing, taxing and rating such Extra

Parochial Meffaages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and

levying, colkcting and paying over such Assessments, Taxes or Rates,

under the Provibons of the said recited A6r.

111. And Whereas Doubts have arisen and may arise, touching 1 the Boundaries of Counties, Ridings and Divisions and Parts of 4 Counties, and other Places of diftineb and separate Jurisdiction, and < touching the Jurisdifbons of Justices of the Peace in relation thereto,

under the Provisions of the said recited Act; and it is expedient 4 that such Doubts should be removed, and that Boundaries should be 4 ilctrtamed m all such cases, for the Purposes of carrying the said red&ed Act into ExecutionBe it therefore enacted. That the Justices in Oene-Jufhcesol the Peace of Counties and Ridings, and Dirifions and Parts Quarter of Counties, and other Places of distinct and separate Jurisdiction, in that Part of Great Britos* called England, assembled at their several {£ind deter. and respectre General or Quarter $eflxons of the Peace, or at any mine Bound-Adjournment thereof, flail be and they are hereby authorized and an*, between required, many case in which any Question or Doubt docs or shall pounties, Rid-exist, or frail have arisen, or may in the Judgment of the said Justices pjJJ^ be likely to arise, as concerning any Boundary between any Coun-^and 6et, Kdjatp, Dirifions or Parts of any County, or other Places of Places of distinct difebd and separate Jurifd&xra, for which they respectively act as sod separate such Justices, to nominate and appoint Two Justices of the Peace of Jurisdittion. each fschCmmtv, Riding, Division or Parts of any County, or other fkes of and separate Jurisdifilion, between which the Boundary is required to be ascertained, for the Purpose of fixing and de-terumusg inch Boundary, and the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks and other proper Officer of the several and respective General or Quarter Sernons the Peace at which such Justices shall be appointed (Kail forthwith give Notice to each other, and to such Justices of such Appointment$ and the Justices so appointed shall in every such case,

bon as may be after their Appointment, meet and proceed to ikatam the Boundary, upon such Evidence as can be obtained by tkm, or as they {ball deem necessary for that Purpose, either by Examotknof Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Jakes is hereby empowered to administer) or of any Maps,

Plans, kwys or any other Records or Documents, or in such other muneraitfey the udd Justices so appointed shall think requiflte ;

9 and

C. 49.

56° GEO. III.

A. D. 181(7.

Justices, 8e c. may enter Lands, fu mm on Witnesses, kc.

Impose Penalties.

What deemed Boundaries.

Appointment of new Justices.

Jncalfc of Difference between Justices, a Re-

and it shall be lawful for such Justices, or for any Persons authorized under the Hand of any Three or more of such Justices, to enter upon any Lands, Grounds or Premises, for the Purpose of examining the same, or making any Measurement, Maps or Plans thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices to summon any Witnesses to be examined in that Behalf, and to impose any Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Ten Pounds upon any Witness who shall, without reasonable Excuse, refuse or neglect to attend to be examined upon any such Summons, which Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered as any Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act; and such Justices shall thereupon fix, ascertain and determine the Boundary so referred to them to be ascertained, and shall cause the Boundary so fixed and determined to be laid down on Two Maps or Plans, to be flgned by the said Justices so appointed as aforesaid, which shall be deposited with the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks or other proper Officer, for the Counties, Ridings, Divisions or Parts of Counties, or other Places of distinct and leparate Jurisdiction, between which such Boundary shall be so fixed and determined, and which Maps and Plans shall be kept amongst the Records of their respective Sessions, and shall be received as Evidence of such Boundaries; and such Boundaries, so fixed and determined, shall be and be deemed the Boundaries between the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions or Parts of Counties, or other Places of distinct and separate Jurisdiction, for which the same shall have been so ascertained, for all the Purposes of this and of the said recited Act, and the carrying the Provisions thereof respectively into Execution; any thing contained in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to such Counties, Ridings, Divisions or Parts of such Counties, or other Places of distinct and separate Jurisdiction, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Four Justices so appointed as aforesaid, or who shall be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in them respectively vested, die, decline or refuse to ad, or become incapable or acting, the Justices of the Peace of Counties, Ridings, Divisions and Parts of Counties, and other Places of distinct and leparate Jurisdiction, assembled at their several and respective General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, from which such Justice so appointed or to be appointed shall die, decline, refuse to ad or become incapable of acting, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint another Justice in the room of him so dying, declining, refuting to ad, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, and so from tune to time as often as any Justice so to be appointed ?s last aforesaid shall die, decline or refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting; and every Justice to be appointed as aforesaid shall have the like Power and Authority as the Justice in whose Place he shall be appointed was inverted with by virtue of this Act; and that Notice shall be given by the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks or other proper Officer, to such Justice of his Appointment, in manner hereinbefore directed.

IV. Provided always, . and be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that the Justices so appointed to fix, ascertain and determine the Boundaries as aforesaid, shall disagree in opinion touching

13 the

A.D. 181&

56° GEO. III.

C. 49.

129

ftmdyj between any County, Riding, Dirifion or Parts of any fact to b# tp-CoasfT, or other Place of diflind and separate Jurisdiction, fore- points to meet fmd to tfmn under and by virtue of this or the said recited Act, 2^'" si ben Hull be an Equality of Votes, so that the said Justices can- mmt y'

wtffiikc any Determination thereon, then and in such case the said hitk$, or the major Part of them, shall forthwith appoint under ri 7 Hands such Person as they may think proper to act as Re-frree, which Person so appointed as Referee shall, within Twenty one Days from the Receipt of such Appointment, fix a time and Place to meet such Ju dices; and at such Meeting the said Person so to be appointed at Referee as aforesaid shall, together with the said Mice* to whom any Boundary shall be referred to be ascertained as afbreUid, proceed to fix, ascertain and determine the Boundary about which such Disagreement shall take place among ft them the said Juikrs, in such and the same manner and with such and the like Powers m all Respects as hereinbefore expressed, and that the Deter-mnation and Decifioo of the said Justices, and of the Person whom they shall appoint as Referee as aforesaid, or of the major Part of them, shall be for erer binding and conclusive; and that the said Juf-toctSjiodtbe Person whom they shall appoint as Referee as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall cause the Boundary so fixed and determined to be laid down on Two Maps or Plans, to be signed by the Cud Justices and the Person so appointed as Referee as aforesaid, or by the major Part of them, which shall be deposited with the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks or other proper Officer, as hereinbefore directed, and kept amongst the Records of their respective Sessions, and shall be received as Evidence of such Boundaries; and such Boundaries to hied and determined shall be and be deemed the Boundaries between the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions or Parts of Counties or other Places of distinct and separate Jurisdiction, for which the dune flail have been so ascertained for all the Purposes of this iod of the Cud recited Act, and the carrying the Provisions thereof respectively into Execution, any thing contained in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to such Counties, Ridings, Divisions or Pant of such Counties, or other Places of diflind and separate Jurisdidiofl, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwith-ftaadwg.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in Appeals how which any Appeal or Appeals shall be made under the said recited F0'*^ in Ad, to any Rate or AffefTraent made in pursuance thereof, or of this Act, the same shall be made to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, and that Fourteen clear Days9 Notice in Writing shall be given of the Intention to try such Appeal previous to such General or Quarter Sessions, and that notwithstanding such Appeal or Notice thereof, the Rate or Rates made upon any Parish, Township or Place (whether Extra Parochial or otherwise) under the said recited Act aid this Act', shall be paid, and shall and may be levied, recovered and received, in the same manner as if no Appeal had been made or Notice given thereof; and that if upon the hearing of any such Appeal m Appeals, the Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace Uocder any Rate or Affeflroent to be decreased or lowered, and it fall appear to the said Court that any Parish, Township or Place bare or lath previously to the hearing such Appeal or Appeals

«G»I1L K P«4

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1J1

Act not to de-tcrmine Question of Boundary*

Stit. 55 G. 3. c. 51. extended to Act.

No Sheriff or other Officer Dull fell or carry off from any Lands any Straw, Chaff or Turnip*, in any case, nor any Hay or other Produce contrary to the Covenant.

Tenant to give Notice of Existence of Covenants;

C.*9, 50.

paid any Sum or Sums of Money in consequence of such Rate* Assessments, which ought not to have been paid or charged there then and in every such case the said Court shall order all and en such Sum and Sums of Money to be repaid and returned to the P* son or Persons, Parish, Township or Place, having paid the same spectively.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, 1. any Proceedings under the same, shall extend or be construed to c tend, to determine any Question of Boundary for any Purpose, ex« for the Purpose of affemng, collecting and levying Rates, accords to the Provisions of this Act, and of the said recited Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Auth rities, Provisions, Clauses and Regulations contained in the said r cited Act, shall be deemed and taken to apply to this Act, as if t same were severally and respectively repeated and reenacted in tl Act; and this Act and the said recited Act shall be confined; one Act.

CAP. L.

An Act: to regulate the Sale of Farming Stock taken ij

Execution. [20th June i8: 6|

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Execution of legal h«VV cess should be so regulated, as to be consistent with goo < Husbandry, and the Effect and Intent of Covenants andAgrei«ments entered into between the Owners and Occupiers of Lan*let to farm Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Ml

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirits and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assemblei and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the paffo of this Act, no Sheriff or other Officer in England or Wdeu stal by virtue of any Process of any Court of Law, carry off or fell 1 dispose of for the Purpose of being carried off from any Lands I to farm, any Straw threlhed or unthreshed, or any Straw of Cro| growing, or any Chaff, Colder or any Turnips, or any Manure, Coi post, Ashes or Seaweed, in any case whatsoever; nor any Hay, Gra or Grasses, whether natural or artificial, nor any Tares or Vetch* nor any Roots or Vegetables, being Produce of such Lands, in ai case where, according to any Covenant or written Agreement, ei tered into and made for the Benefit of the Owner or Landlord any Farm, such Hay, Grass or Grasses, Tares and Vetches, Roc or Vegetables, ought not to be taken off or withholden from fu Lands, or which by the Tenor or Effect of such Covenants or Agn ments, ought to be used or expended thereon, and of which Coi nants or Agreements, such Sheriff or other Officer shall have receiv a written Notice before he shall have proceeded to Sale.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Tenant or Occupier any Lands let to farm, against whofc Goods any Process of Law fli issue, whereby such Goods may be taken and fold, shall, on havi Knowledge of such Process, give a written Notice to the Sheriff other Officer executing the same, of such Covenants or Agreemen whereof he or she shall have Knowledge, and which may relate to i regulate, or are intended to regulate the Use and Expenditure of 1 Crops or Produce grown or growing thereon* and aim of the Na

a

A. D.1S1A

56° GEO. III.

C .50.

151

and Jtdface of the Owner or Landlord of such Lands; and such and Sheriff to Slrrifor other Officer shall forthwith, on executing such Process, Notice to iri bcfate my Sale (haQ have been proceeded in, fend a Notice by tit Gnenl Post to the Owner or Landlord of such Lands, in all oks where such Owner or Landlord (Kail be resident in any Part of da United Kingdom, and shall have been made known to and afeer-uined by such Sheriff or other Officer, and also to the known Steward or Agent of such Landlord or Owner, in respect of such Lands, dating to such Owner, Landlord and Agent, the Fa ft of Possession hating been taken of any Crops or Produce hereinbefore mentioned; said such Sheriff or other Officer shall, in all cases of the Absence or Silence of such Landlord or Owner, or his or her Agent, post pone and delay the Sale of such Crops or Produce until the latest Day he lawfully can or may appoint for such Sale.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Sheriff Sheriff may <fif-or other Officer executing such Process may dispose of any Crops or to an* Produce hereinbefore mentioned, to any Person or Persons who shall J^Jrcem°nJnto agree in Writing with such Sheriff or other Officer, in cases where expend it on ih# no (Want or written Agreement shall be shewn, to use and expend Land, the same on such Lands, in such manner as shall accord with the Cutom of the Country; and in cases where any Covenant or written Agreement shall be shewn, then according to such Covenant or written Agreement; and after such Sale or Dilposal so qualified, it shall be lawful far such Person or Persons to use all such necessary Bams,

Stables, Buddings, Outhouses, Yards and Fields, for the Purpose of confuting such Crops or Produce, as such Sheriff or other Officer (hatt aAot or Ago to them for that Purpose, and which such Tenant or Occupier would hare been entitled to and ought to have used for the like Purpose on such Lands.

IV* And be it further enacted, That such Sheriff or other Officer fbU, oo the Rcqwft of any Landlord or Owner who shall be aggrieved by any Breach of such Agreement, permit such Landlord or Owner to bring any Action or Actions in the Name of such Sheri! or other Officer, for the Recovery of Damages in respect of such Breach, such Landlord or Owner having nevertheless fully indemnified such Sheriff or other Officer against all Coils whatsoever, and all Lois and Damage, before any such Action shall be commenced.

V. And be it further enacted, That such Sheriff or other Officer shall, before any Sale of any Crops or Produce of any Lands let to farm (U! be proceeded in, mace, by all Ways and Means, due Enquiry within the Parish where such Lands shall he lituate, as to the Marne and Residence of the Landlord or Owner of such Lands.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Pur- Landlords not to

chafer or Purchasers of any Crop or Produce hereinbefore men- dirt rain for Rent tioned shall have entered into any Agreement with such Sheriff or °n Pnrchaferi of other Officer, touching the Use and Expenditure thereof on Lands r"*1 __

Vet to farm, it shall not be lawful for the Owner or Landlord of such olher things bods to diftrcm for any Rent on any Com, Hay, Straw or other fold subject to Produce thereof, which, at the time of such Sale and the Execution Agreement.

of such Agreement entered into under the Provisions of this Act, shall haw fevered from the Soil, and fold, subject to such Agreement, by such Sheriff or other Officer; nor on any Turnips, whether drawn or growing, if fold according to the Provisions of this Act; nor on m fieriOf Sheep or other Cattle, nor on any Bead whatsoever, nor '

K 2 on

Sheriff to permit Landlord or Owner to bring AAion in his*Name.

Sheriff to enquire as to Name and Residence of Landlord.

C.60.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Sheriff not to fell Clover, kc. growing with Corn.

Proviso for Contract.

Sheriff not liable for Dimages, unleis for wi.ful O million.

Indemnity to Sheiiff and others acting under Provisions of Act.

Assignee of Bankrupt, Sec. not to take Crop in any Other way than Bankrupt would have been entitled to do.

on any Waggons, Carts or other Implements of Husbandry, which any Person or Persons shall employ, keep or use on such Lands, for the Purpose of threshing out, carrying or consuming any such Corn, Hay, Straw, Turnips or other Produce, under the Provisions of the Ad, and the Agreement or Agreements directed to be entered into between the Sheriff or other Officer, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Crops and Produce, as hereinbefore are mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Sheriff or other Officer shall, by virtue of any Process whatsoever, fell or dispose of any Clover, Ryegrafs or any artificial Grass or Grasses whatsoever, which shall be newly sown, and be growing under any Crop of (landing Corn.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to any Straw, Turnips or other Articles, which the Tenant may remove from the Farm confidently with some Contract in Writing.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in every case where any Action shall be brought against such Sheriff or other Officer, for any Breach of or Omission of Compliance with the Provisions of this Act, no Plaintiff shall be entitled to recover any Damages against. such Sheriff or other Officer, unless it shall be proved on the Trial of such Action, that such Breach or Omission was wilful on the Part of such Sheriff or other Officer.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Sheriff or Under Sheriff, nor any or either of their Deputies, Agents, Bailiffs or Servants, nor any Person or Persons who shall purchase any Hay, Straw, Chaff, Turnips, Grass or Grasses, or other Produce and things hereinbefore mentioned, under the Provisions of this Act, nor his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall be deemed or taken to be a Trefpaffer by reason of his, her or their coming upon or remaining in PoUefiion of any Barns or other Buildings, Yards or Fields, for the Purpose of threshing out or consuming any Straw, Hay, Turnips or other Produce hereinbefore mentioned, under the Provisions of this Act, or for doing any matter or thing whatsoever, fit and necessary to be done for the rurpose of executing the same, and carrying into Effect all Stipulations contained in any Agreement made under such Provisions* though such Acts shall have been done by such Sheriff or other Officer, and by such Person or Persons, his, her or their Servants, after the Return of the Process under which such Sheriff or other Officer shall have acted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Assignee of any Bankrupt, or of any Insolvent Debtor's Estate, nor any Assignee under any Bill of Sale, nor any Purchaser of the Goods, Chattels, Stock or Crop of any Person or Persons engaged or employed in Husbandry, on any Lands let to farm, shall take, use or dispose of any Hay, Straw, Grass or Grasses, Turnips or other Roots, or any othex Produce of such Lands, or any Manure, Compoll, Ashes, Seaweed or other Dreifings intended for such Lands, and being thereon, in any other manner, and for any other Purpose, than such Bankrupt, Insolvent Debtor, or other Person so employed in Husbandry, ought to have taken, used or disposed of the same, if no Commission of Bankruptcy had issued, or no such Affignmeat or Alignments had been executed, or Sale made.

CA. P,

AD.itll

56° GEO. III.

C. 51.

183

CAP. LI.

is AS to amend an Act passed in the present Session of Par-izament^ intituled An Act to carry into Effect a Convention of Comment concluded between His Majesty and the United State/ of America. [aoth June 18! 6.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to carry into EffeQ a Convention 56 G. 3. c. 15*

/ Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United State*.

1 of Amelia: And Whereas the said Act does not contain any

rrorifrou for permitting Vessels of the said United States of America to dor out from the Ports of the United Kingdom to any of

' the Britj/l Settlements in the East Indjes: And Whereas it is ex*

petfient that Vessels baDt in the Countries belonging to the United

States of America or any of them, or taken by any of the Ships.

or VefieU of War belonging to the said Government, or any of toe

Inhabitants of the said States having Commissions or Letters of

Marqoe and Reprizal from the Government of the said States, and

condemned at lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, such 4 SbjpcrVe&l being owned by a'.Subject or Subjects of the said States, or any of them, and whereof the Master and Three fourths'

oi the Mansers are also Subjects of the said States, should be al-

4 lowed to dear out from any Part of the United Kingdom for the 4 principal Settlements of the British Dominions in the East Indies,

therefore wafted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tbkpresent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of tie same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Veffeb built» Veflela hoik in the Countries belonging to the United States of Ante* Jj* Unite* ricot or any of them, or taken by any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to the said Government, or any of the Inhabitants anym^of the fad States, haring Commissions or Letters of Marque and Kingdom to tho Rtprizal fm the Government of the said StateB, and condemned as Eastlndica. hwful Prise in any Court of Admiralty there, such Ship or Vessel bring owned by a Subied or Subjects of the said States, or any of them, and whereof the Master and Three fourths of the Mariners are also Subjects of the said States, shall be allowed to clear out from say Port of the United Kingdom for the following principal Settle* ments of the British Dominions in the East Indies, videlicet, Calcutta,

Bomb tf», and Prince of Wales's Island, with any Goods,

Warn or Merchandize which may be legally exported from the United Kingdom to the said Settlements in British built Vessels, subject to the like Rules and Regulations* Restrictions, Penalties and Yorfeitarei as are now by Law imposed upon the Exportation of fob Goods to the said Settlements in British built Ships; any Law*.

Odom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IL And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Continuawce at force k>lag as the Convention between His Majesty and the United.

Stated America shall continue in force.

K3

CAP.

134

C.32.

56# GEO. III.

S5 C.J. c.147.

Incumbent with Content of Patron and Bishop may apply Money arising from Sale of Timber for or towards Exchange or Purchase of Parl'on-age House or Glebe Lands.

15 0.3. e. 147' i 16.

IBlt'

CAP. LH.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed b the last Session of Parliament, for enabling Spiritual Person to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, anc for other Purposes therein mentioned. [aoth June 1816/ 1

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling Spiritual Persons to j i exchange the Parsonage or Glebe Houses or Glebe Lands belonging

4 to their Benefices for others of greater Value or more conveniently 4 Jituated for their Rejidcncc and Occupation, and for annexing such, Houses and Lands so taken in Exchange to such Benefices as Parsonage or Glebe Houses arid Glebe Lands, and for pur chafing and 4 annexing Lands to become Glebe in certain cases; and for other Purposes: And Whereas it is expedient to authorize the Incumbents 4 of Benefices, Perpetual Curacies, and Parochial Chapelries to apply 4 the Monies arising from the Sale of any Timber cut from the Glebe 4 or other Lands of their respective Benefices, Perpetual Curacies, or 4 Parochial Chapelries, towards the Purposes of the said recited Act May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be, it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Maiedy, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Incumbent of any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, with the Consent of the Patron of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, and of the Bishop of the Diocese wherein the same is locally situate, or of the Archbishop or Bidtop to yrhom the Peculiars wherein such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry is situate shall belong, (such Consent to be signified in manner as in the said recited Act is mentioned, ) to pay and apply the Monies to arise by Sale of any Timber cut and fold from the Glebe Lands of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or from any other Land, whether Copyhold, holden under any Manor of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or otherwise, the Timber whereof belongs to such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, either for Equality of Exchange, or towards and in Part of Equality of Exchange, or for the Price or Purchase Money, or towards and in Part, of the Price or Purchase Money of any House, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens and Appurtenances, or any Lands, or any or either of them, by the said recited Act authorized to be taken in Exchange or to be purchased, and from and after such Exchange or Purchase to be annexed to and to be and become the Parsonage and Glebe House and Glebe Lands and Premises of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, as in the said recited Act is mentioned.

4 II. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that the 4 Bishop shall in cases of Exchange and Purchase under the said Act 4 issue a Commission of Inquiry for the Purposes therein mentioned,

4 to be directed to such Persons as are therein described, and of whom 4 One shall be a Barrister of Three Years' Standing at the kail, to 4 be named by the Senior Judge of Nisi Prius for the County in

4 sthich

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 52, 56.

1S5

4 which the Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry,

whereto it shall be proposed to annex any Buildings or Land by

Exchange or Purchale under the said Act shall be situate; but in-

afinuch as the Nomination of such Barrister by a Judge of Nisi 4 Prims is not applicable to the County Palatine of Chester nor to 4 the Principality of Wales? Be it therefore enacted, That where any Exchange or Purchase shall be made or be proposed to be made under the Authority of the said Act in any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, situate within the said County Palatine of Chester, or within the said Principality of Wales, such Barrister shall be named by the Chief Justice for the time being of the said County Palatine of Chester or by the Justice, or, in cale of his Absence, the other Justice of the Great Sessions for those Counties within the said Principality of Wales, within which said County Palatine or respective Counties of the said Principality of Wales the said Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be situate*

CAP. LIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual Three several Acts passed in the Forty eighth, Forty ninth, and Fifty second Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

[20th June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling 4 the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant 4 Life Annuities: And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty

ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act 4 Puff'dtn ^e last Sejfton of Parliament, for enabling the Commissioners 4 for the Reduction of the 'National Debt to grant Life Annuities: 4 And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending Two 4 ABs passed in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Tears of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the ReduBion of toe National Debt to grant Life Annuities: And Whereas it is expedient

that the said Acts should be amended, and further Provisions made 4 for rendering the same more effectualBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That xt shall be lawful for the Commissioners under the said recited Acts, and they are hereby empowered to accept and receive the Transfer of any Amount not less than Four Pounds per Annum ( nor any Fractional Parts of a Pound) of Annuity, commonly diftmguished and known by the Name of Long Annuity, in lieu and instead of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, as the Consideration for the Purchase of Life Annuities, under the Provisions, Limitations and Restrictions in the said recited Acts contained; and the Amount of Long Annuity to be accepted and taken in lieu and instead of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, for any Life Annuity or Annuities, shall be ascertained and regulated by such Prices and Proportions of Long Annuities to be accepted iu lieu of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities,

K*as

Barrister directed by recited Act to be named by Justices of Nisi Prius to be named in Chester and Wales by the Chief Justice, fcc. there.

48 G. 3. & 143.

49 G.3.C. 64.

53 G. 3. C.IS9.

Commissioners may accept Long Annuities instead of 3L per Cents, as the Consideration of Life Annuities.

C. 53.

56° GEO. 111.

A.D. 181

Certificates of Lives of Nominees abroad, required*

Provifot

Identity to be verified by Affidavit or Affirmation.

Any Persons may purchife Annuities on Lives of Nominees already certified without fretfi Certificates.

Provifa.

as shall be pnblished in the London Gazette by the said Commissionei provided that such Amount) and any Change thereof, from ti.ne time shall be published by such Commissioners in the London Gam from time to time, when and so often as they shall deem it expeoit and fit.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person who fh. have been named as a Nominee, on the Continuance of whose Lift* ar Annuity under the said recited Act is to depend, shall, after his < her Nomination, become resident in any Kingdom or State in Emj in Amity with His Majesty, or if he or she shall become resident a any other Kingdom, State or Place beyond the Seas, then and ii every such case, a Certificate that such Nominee was living on tb Day specified therein (being some Day after any Annuity depending upon his or her Life shall have become due) granted under the Hanc and Seal of the Chief Magistrate of any City, Town or Place, or any other Wagistrate acting at the time as fitch, or for and in the Place of any such Chief Magistrate, where such Nominee may be then living, shall be deemed sufficient and effectual for proving the Continuance of the Life of such Nominee, under the Provisio.is of the said recited Acts, and for the Purpose of enabling the Ptrfon entitled to the Annuity dependant upon the Life of tuch Nominee to receive the same; provided no British Minister or Confui, or Governor or Person acting as such, shall be resident in such City, Town or Place, although a British Minister or Confui, or Governor or Person acting as such, may be resident in the Kingdom, State or Settlement wherein such Nominee shall be then living, auy thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That to every such Certificate as aforesaid there shall be annexed an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation, made before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in England or Scotland respectively, or if in Ireland before One of the Barons of the Exchequer there, by the Person or Persons entitled to the said Annuity, or by the Person applying to receive the same on his, her or their Behalf, that the Matters contained in such Certificate are, to the best of his or her Belief, true; and that the Person described or certified therein is the Nominee or One of the Nominees on whose Life or Lives the Annuity whereof such Half yearly or other Payment shall be claimed doth depend.

IV. And Whereas Persons who have purchased Annuities under 4 the Provisions of the said recited Acts, upon the Life or Lives of 4 Nominees, may purchase further Annuities on the same Life or 4 Lives, without new Certificates; and it may tend to facilitate the 4 granting Life Annuities under the said Act, if other Persons were 4 also allowed to purchase Annuities upon any such Life or Lives,

4 without new CertificatesBe it therefore enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, upon transferring or causing to be transferred to the said Commissioners either Consoliaated or Reduced Bank Annuities, or Long Annuities, to purchase any Anuuitv, or Annuity on the Life of any One Nominee, or on the Lives of any two Nominees, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, whose Age shall have been already certified and verified under the Provisions of the (laid recited Acts, without any View, or additional Certificate or Certificates of the Age or Ages of such Nominee or Nominees; Provided always, that ia every such case an Affidavit or solemn

Affirmation

A.D. 1816.

S$° GEO. III.

1ST

C.5S, 54, 55.

Affirmation as to the Identity of such Nominee or Nominees, shall be nuik by the Purchaser of the Annuity or Annuities, or by some Person on his or her Behalf, before such and the like Persons as are fperified and required in and by the said first recited Act, in cases wherein Copies of the Birth or Baptism of any Nominee or Nominees is or are required to be produced under the Provision of the said Act, any thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary not with (landing.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commiflicners Commissioners, in any case in which any Long Annuity shall be in'seh-accepted and taken as the Consideration for any Life Annuity or dule to First Act Annuities, in lieu and instead of Three Pounds ter Centum Consoli- and to case* of dated or Reduced Bank Annuities, to use for the Purpose of carry* Long Annuities ing the said A As into Execution the Forms of Declarations and bcin3* Certificates in the Schedule to the First recited Acts annexed, Consideration. with such Alterations and Variations as may be necessary to adapt such Forms Co the nature of the case, and the Acceptance of Long Annuity as the Considerations instead and in lieu of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, any thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding,

CAP. LIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[20th June 1816.]

44 TREASURY may raise 13, 000, 000!. by Exchequer Bills, in M manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — §1. Stat. 48 G. 3. c. I.

extended to thit A A, § 2. Treasury to apply the Money raised,

" § 3. Principal of said Bills charged on Fim Supplies of next " Session, f 4. Interest not exceeding 3 2 per Cent ter Diem, $5.

" Exchequer Bills may be taken in Payment of the Revenue, after " April 5, 1817, $6. Bank empowered to advance 9, ooootoodi on " Credit of AA notwithstanding 5 Sc 6 W. 8c M. c. 20. — £7*

" AA may be altered, amended or repealed this Session, § 8.

CAP. LV.

An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation, and for other Purposes therein mentioned j and to enlarge the Powers veiled in the Di-reAors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland. [20th June 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of ireland,

in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ^G.3.C.S1.

intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Five 4 hundred thousand rounds, for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, and for autho-

rixsng the rai/Cng of the said Sum by Loant it is amongst other 4 things enacted, that it mould and might be lawful for the Lord 4 Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for

4 the

C.5$.'

56° GEO. I».

A.D. 181&

is!

the time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint Five 4 Persons to be Directors of ail Works relating to Inland Navig- ation in Ireland, and for the Improvement of the Port and Harhour of Dublin, who should have full Power and Authority to ' order, direct, regulate and appoint all matters and things whatsoever, in any manner relating to the making, furthering and com-

pleting any Canal and Works relating to Inland Navigation, towards the defraying of the Expences of which any pumic Money 4 should be applied; and it was by the said recited Act also enacted,

4 that all such Inland Navigations as had been, before the passing of 4 said Act, carried on and executed by means of public Grants

alone, or by Tolls arising therefrom, without the Amftance of the 4 private Property of any Individual, and such as should thereafter

be so carried on, together with all Lands, Tenements, Banks,

4 Backways and every matter and thing appertaining thereto, and 4 all the Funds and Tolls belonging to the same, should be, and the 4 same were thereby veiled in the said Directors, and in such Person 4 and Persons as should successively be appointed Directors in pursuance of the said Act: And Whereas several Inland Navigations 4 have, by virtue of the said recited Act, and otherwise, become 4 veiled in the Directors appointed under and by virtue of the said recited Act: And Whereas it is expedient to amend the said recited 4 Act, and to enlarge the Powers veiled in the said Directors, under 4 and by virtue of the said Act, and the several other Acts of Parliament in Ireland relating to Inland Navigation Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

Direction cm- the f*ne» That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, powered to make and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time. Bye Laws for and at any Place, to make such Rules, Orders, Regulations and Bye regulating Navi- £#awSy M to them shall seem meet and proper, for regulating the PaflVge of Vef- Conduct of all Officers, Workmen and Servants to be employed Tels thereon, See. by them, and for the well and orderly uling and preserving the several Canals and Navigations and Off Branches thereof, which now are or at any time hereafter shall be veiled in them, and the Banks, Basons, Reservoirs, Tunnels, Locks, Sluices, Aquedufts and all other Works thereto belonging, and for regulating the passing and repassing of all Ships, Boats, Barges, Lighters and other Vessels,nd the conveying of all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities which shall be navigated or conveyed thereon, and for the orderly Behaviour of all Seamen, Boatmen, Watermen, Bargemen and others, who shall navigate such Ships, Boats, Barges, Lighters and other Vessels, upon any of the said Canals or Navigations, or any Off Branch thereof, or who shall be employed in carrying or conveying any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities thereon, and for the Super-in ten dance and Management of the said Canals and Navigations, and the Off Branches thereof respectively, in all other Respects whatfo-Power to alter ever; and from time to time, and at any Place, to alter or repeal ail

or repeal Bye or Of the Rules, Orders, Regulations and Bye Laws now in

jmdTo ipfliA force, or to be hereafter made respecting the same, or any of them.

Fines and to make others; and to impole and inffift such reasonable Fines

and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against such Rules, Or* dtrSf Regulations and Bye Laws, or any of them, not exceeding

the

to.1*\6.

56° GEO. III.

C.56. 199

ic Sum five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the said Di-

efton id fee meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders, Regul- Bye Lews, aj>-

ttrat ad Bye Laws, so to be made as aforesaid, shall be reduced proved by the

is Wrmg, sod shall be submitted for the Approbation of the Lord Lof<i

fateoat, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for jufttfLtion to*

jk tsar bang; and when such Approbation shall be signified, all a|| persons sd.

pel £aJes, Orders, Regulations and Bye Laws shall be entered in log thereunder.

t Books or Minutes of the said Directors, and shall be binding

as, and be observed by all Persons using or in any wise con*

raed or employed in or about the said Canals or Navigations, or

y of them, or any Off Branch of any of them; and shall be suffi*

mt in any Coart of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall

i under the dune: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders, Bye Lews sot

Regulations sod Bye Laws be not contrary to the Laws of that to he contrary

'art of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called

'reload; and provided also, that such Rules, Orders, Regulations Lan

cd Bye Laws shall be published at lead Three times in the Dublin PuMMhtd in

rszctUt and also in some Country Newspaper respectively, if any

ich Country Newspaper Audi be published in any County or Town NewfMpe*7

brough which such Canals or Navigations, or any Off Branch or

Part thereof, shall have been made or carried; and if no Newspaper >e poblifted is any County through which the said Canals or Navig-Ltions, or any Off Branch or Part thereof, shall have been made or afried, then the (ante shall be published in the Dublin Gazette alone safbre&id.

IL And be it further enacted, That if any Nuisance or Impe- A Continuance iirocnt to any Navigation, or any other Offence against or Breach of"y OSFencu of any Rule, Order, Regulation or Bye Law, made or to be made as !gai"ft aforesaid, shaft be continued, or shall not be abated, removed or dif- a Second Of* coutisued after Notice in Writing signed by the said Directors, or fence, by toy of thar Officers, shall have been served on or left at the usual Place or Pisces of Abode of the Person or Persons so continuing such Nuisance, Impediment, Offence or Breach, requiring him, her or them to discontinue the same, every such Continuation shall be deemed and taken to be a separate and distinct Offence within the meaning of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Diredon to tmpofe and inflid a Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture Penalty, for each and every such Continuation.

III. And be*further enacted, That when and as often as any Power to feixe»Penalty or Penalties, Fine or Fines, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, shall Jl, d dcta*n Vef- be incurred by reason of any Offence or Breach of any Rule, Order 7T Regulation of the said Directors, or by reason of any Bye and Eiponceacf Law to be made by the said Directors, under and by virtue of the DiftreO*

Powers by this Act veiled in them for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, their Officers and Servants, or any of them, to seize, detain and withhold, by way of Distress, an Ship, Boat, Ligliter, Barge or Vessel, and any Goods, Wares,

Vitnhaadize or Commodities in the Poffeifion or under the Care or Mangement of the Person or Persons incurring such Penalty, Fine or iochkaR; and if such Diftrefo'shall not be redeemed, by paying Tf Distress not every (ach Penalty, Fine and Forfeiture, together with the reason- redeemed within able andmeefiary Charges for such distraining, within Sixteen Days Two

tketAkg AereoT, H Ml and nay be lawful to and for any Two or more at His Majesty's Junices of the Peace of the County in warrant for Sale

which thereof^

C.55.

GEO. III.

A.D. 1S16.

or t sufficient Part, to satisfy Penalty and Charges.

Overplus (If any) to Owner.

No Replevin.

All Floats, Rafts, or Timber put on Navi, gat ions without PermiflSon of Directors, or not being on board Boar, Ligliter, &c. forfeited to Use of Directors.

leisure.

Ships, Boats or Vessel* found funk or damaging the Work of Navigations detained,

until Expencet of raising, See. arid repairing Damages paid $

which such Distress shall be made, and they are hereby required, on Information on Oath being made before them of the Detention of such Ship, Boat, Ligliter, Barge or Vessel, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities, and of the Imposition of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, and that the same had not been redeemed as aforesaid, to issue their Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to some High or Petty Constable of the said County, to levy the Amount of every such Penalty, Fine and Forfeiture, by Sale of the said Distress; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Constable to fell the said Distress, or a sufficient Pan thereof, for Satisfaction and Payment of every such Penalty, Fine and Forfeiture, and of the Charges of such Distress and Sale, paying the Oveiplus {if any) to the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons having the Care or Management of the Ship, Boat, Ligliter, Barge or Vessel, or of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities so distrained, and restoring to the said Owner or Owners, Person or Persons aforesaid, such Parts of the Property distrained as shall remain unfold (if any); and that no Replevin shall lie, or be granted or executed against such Distress $ and the absolute Property of every Thing (o fold shall be and remain in the Purchaser thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this ACl no Person or Persons shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, float, navigate or put any Raft of Timber, Planks, Board or Boards, or any Log or Logs of Timber, or Beam or Beams, Plank or Planks, or Board or Boards, not being on board a Ship, Boat, Ligliter, Barge or Vessel, in or upon any Canal or Navigation, now veiled or which shall hereafter be vested in the said Directors, or any Off Branch thereof, without the Permission of the said Directors for that Purpose first had and obtained in Writing; and that every Raft, Log or Piece of Timber, Plank, Beam and Board, which 1 shall at any time hereafter be floated, navigated or put in or upon any such Canal or Navigation, or any Off Branch thereof, not 1 being on board a Ship, Boat, Ligliter, Barge or Vessel, without j such Permission as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and become the Property of the said Directors General, to be by them applied or disposed of for the Use of such Navigation; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and their Servants to seize and take the same to and for the Use of the said Directors, to be applied or disposed of as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship, Boat, Ligliter, i JJarge or Vessel shall in any manner damage, injure or destroy any I Part of any Caual or Navigation, or Off Branch thereof, or be found funk in any Canal or Navigation now vested, or which at any time hereafter shall be vested in the said Directors, or in any Oft Branch or Supply Cut of the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, and their Officers and Servants, to detain every such Ship, Boat, Ligliter, Barge and Vessel, and to keep and detain the same, and all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commo- dities found on board the same, until the reasonable Costs and Expences of weighing and raising the same respectively, and of repairing the Damage which the said Canal or Navigation, or Off Branch or Supply Cut, mav have fu (tamed thereby, shall be paid and iatisfied to the Collector of Tolls to the said Directors; and in case

56° GEO. III.

C.55.

141

VD.mft.

any Dibs* or Difirrroce shall arise touching the Amount of the tod Ccmod Expence*, then until such Sum of Money as any One of Hi* J&jrfty's indices of the Peace for the County in which the WiSfcy, Boat, Ligliter, Barge or Vessel shall be detained, shall,

S' bu Hand and Seal, award and adjudge to be paid for such sod Ex pence*, shall be paid and fatitfied to the said Collector.

FI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship, Boat, &liter, Barge or Vessel, Goods, Ware*, Merchandize* or Commo-Aks so detained as aforesaid, shall not be claimed by or on behalf if the Owner or Owners thereof, or in case the Cost* and Expence* rfbrefaid ball not be paid as aforesaid, within Twenty one Day* after the said Ship, Boat, Ligliter, Barge or Vessel shall be detained as aforesaid, it (kail and may be lawful to and for any One of His Majesty*! Jnfbces of the Peace within hi* Jurisdiction, and he is hereby required, on Information on Oath made before him, that such Ship, Boat, Ligliter, Barge or Vessel, Good*, Ware*, Merchandizes and Commodities, have been seized and detained, at aforesaid, and not claimed within the time aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to some High or Petty Constable of the said County, to order and require the said Constable to fell the said Ship, Boat, lighter, Barge or Vessel, Goods, Wares, Merchandize* and Commodities, by public Cant or Auction, to the highest and bed Bidder for the same (which said Sale the said Constable is hereby Ikmfed, authorized, required and empowered to make, without obtaining any Licence as an Auctioneer); and the said Constable shall, oat of the Produce of such Sale, pay the aforesaid Cost* and Expences to the said Colleger of Tolls of the said Directors; and pay over the Refidoe of the said Produce, after deducting the Expences of fadh Notices and Sale, to the Owner and Owners of the said Ship, Boat, Ligliter, Barge or Vessel, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities; or in case such Owner or Owners fkall sot be known to the said Constable, then to pay over the said Refidne to the said Jnftioe of the Peace for the Ule of such Owner or Owners.

' VII. And Whereas in many Places the Boundaries and Mearings ' between the Bank* of several Canals and Navigations, or the Off*Branches thereof, and the adjoining Lands, have, through Lapse*of time and the Neglect of the Persons in whom the said Canals 4 and Navigations and Off Branches thereof have been veiled, been 4 effaced and destroyed, so as that the same cannot now be traced 4 and ascertained; and it is necessary for the Preservation of the said Canals and Navigations and Off Branches thereof, that the Banks 1 he fenced in and inclosed from the adjoining LandsBe it there fare declared and enabled, That in all cases where there is no Boundary or Shearing between any Part of the Bank of any Canal or Navigation and Off Branches thereof, and the adjoining Land, it Sufi and may he lawful to and for the said Directors as to any* Canals or Navigations which are or may become veiled in them; and dk for all and every Company of Undertakers or Proprietors of ay ether Canal or Navigation in Ireland, with respect to such Canals oc^ngations respectvely as are not or shall not be vetted in the said Dtrt&go, to fence in and indofe such Part of any such Bank, provided the Breadth of the Bank so fenced in and inclosed shall not need Treaty ow Feet from the Edge of the Water of the said

Canal

in case of Dif-pute, until Sum awaided by Justice paid, Vessel detained.

Vessel* may bo (old, under Warrant of Justice, by a ConHaWo, though not a licenfod Auctioneer.

Expences paid out uf Produce of Sale. Residue to Owner.

Where no

Boundary, Directors may fence in and indofe Banks.

Not to exceed si Feet to Breadth.

56° GEO. III.

Directort, Surveyors, Engineers, kc. may enter upon Lands for Purposes of survey-ing and laying out new Lines of Navigation.

Swine found on Canal Banks may be feizedf killed or carried away, if not under the Care of a Driver, &c.

Power to sue for Damages done.to Navigations, to be presented by Grand Juries, and raised off County, Barony or Town, as Grand Juries may think 6U

C. 55#

A.D. 1S16.

Canal or Navigation or Off Branch, including the Ditch or Fence by which the same shall be inclosed as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfnl to and for the said Directors, and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, Engineer or Engineers of the said Directors, and for any other Person or Persons employed for that Purpose, and their Servants and Attendants, to survey, measure, take Levels, and lay out any Line intended for a new Canal or Navigation, Off Branch or Cut, or for the altering, widening, extending or improving of any existing Canal or Navigation, Off Branch or Cut, or for any Works relating to Inland Navigation; and for that Purpose to enter upon, traverle and pass and repass through and over any Lands or Grounds, and to do all other matters and things necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, without being deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers, and without being liable to any Obstruction whatever; provided such Surveyor or Surveyors, Engineer or Engineers, Person or Persons, shall be accompanied by One or more of the said Directors, or shall produce (if demanded) a Certificate in Writing under the Hands of the said Directors, or under the Hand of their Secretary for the time being, that he or they is or are employed by the said Directors for that Purpose.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the said DittCtors, and also for all and every Company of Undertakers or Proprietors of any other Canal or Inland Navigation in Ireland, whenever they shall deem it expedient or necessary so to do, to issue Orders in Writing under their Hand and Seal to the several Lock Keepers and other Officers of the several Navigations, now vested or hereafter to be* come vested in them the said Directors, or in any such Company of Undertakers or Proprietors, to seize, kill, or carry away, and it shall and may be lawful for such Lock Keepers and other Officers, when so thereunto ordered, to seize, kill and carry away all Swine found roaming at large on any Part of the Banks of any Canal or Navigation or Off Branch thereof, vested or to be vested in the said Directors, or in any such Company of Undertakers or Proprietors, unless such Swine shall have One or more Driver or Drivers attending on, or Person or Persons in charge of them, who shall be actually driving the same, and who shall prevent them from doing Mischief to or injuring any such Navigation, or unkfs such Swine shall have Iron Rings or Staples in their Noses.

X. And Whereas the Banks, Locks and other Works as well c of the several Canals and Navigations vested in the said Director*

< as of other Canals and Navigations in Ireland have frequently been

< maliciously, wantonly or intentionally damaged and destroyed; and ' it has been found very difficult by Means of Rewards or otherwise

< to discover and bring to Punishment the Persons guilty of such*Offences; ' Be it therefore enacted, That when and as often as any Bank, Gate, Lock, Sluice, Bridge, Dam or other Work belonging to any Canal or Navigation now* vested or hereafter to be vested in the said Directors, or belonging to any other Canal or Navigation in Ireland, or any Off Branch or Cut of any such Canal or Navigation respectively, shall be maliciously, wantonly or intentionally damaged, injured or destroyed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors with respect to such Canals and Navigations as are or#

16 nay

S6° GEO. ni.

C.5S.

14#

ay be vdW in then, and also for all and every Company of Un* pemkm or Proprietor* of any other Canal or Inland Navigation in Jr dad, rid) refpcd to such Canals or Navigations respectively at vest or dull not be vested in the said Directors, to iue for and rer SatahSdoa and Amends for the Injury, Loft or Damage so its aforesaid, at the next Assizes to be held for the County where \ Offence was committed, by presenting a Petition to the Grand ry impancdled and sworn at such Affixes, praying such Satisfactioa 1 Amends, and setting forth the Extent and Amount of the In-y, Lo(s and Damage done at aforesaid, and proving to the Satiation of the Cud Grand Jury, that such Injuries and Damages were iliciously, wantonly or intentionally done at aforesaid, and the Extent and Amount thereof; and thereupon the said Grand Jury Presentment by shall, and they sue hereby required to present such Sum or Sums of Grand Jury. Money a flail be sufficient to repair and make good the Loft, Injury and Damage so done as aforesaid, to be raised either on the County ar large or on the Barony or Baronies, Town or Towns in or near to which such Injury or Damage shall have been committed, or any cf them, and in such Proportions as they shall think fit; which How levied. Sums, so presented as aforesaid, shall be applotted, levied, and raised, by such Way* and Means, and in such Manner and Form as Money presented at the Assizes shall be applotted, levied, and raised within such County, pnrfoant to the Laws now in force, and shall be paid orer to the said Directors.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Notice °fpf-Dirt&on or the Company of Undertakers or Proprietors of any DwT

Canal or Navigation not veiled in the said Directors, or some Person to* High Conor Perfoss on their Behalf respectively, shall within Ten Days next fUble, fee. after fodb Injury and Damage done and committed as aforesaid, give Notice of such Injury and Damage to the High ConAable of the Barony, and to the Churchwardens of the Parish where such Fad shall be aBedged to have been committed, if such High Con liable and Churchwardeus HuB respectively reside in such Barony and Parish; and if no High Cosffable or Churchwardens shall reside in such Barony or Panih respectively, then to Two or more Inhabitants of such Barony or Parish: Provided also, that if such Fad shall be In what case committed so near the time of holding the next Assizes, that Notice Petition cannot be riven before the First Day of such Assizes, according to Pres«red and the DireAou of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Am*e* next* but Diretlors or Company, or Proprietors, as the case may be, to one< prefer their Petition, and obtain such Presentment at the next ensuing Affixes after such due Notice shall be given as aforesaid.

XIL Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Traverse whew Perioa* shall find himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Sum presented such Presentment, such Person or Persons, in case the Sum presentedhall exceed 50!. to be raised shall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, but not otherwise,

shall or may at the said Assizes traverse such Presentment, which

Traverse shall be tried at the same or the next ensuing Assizes, as the

hdge or Judges who shall allow the same shall think fit; and if on

sech Traverse, the Issue shall be found for the Traverser, such

Pirientnent shall be discharged, otherwise the same shall be final and

cosdarit to all Per foot: Provided also, that no such Presentment Certiorari.

lhafl any time be removed by Certiorari, nor shall the raising the Prosecution de-

Modgj tknby presented be otherwise delayed than by such Traverse lay-by T»-

M Verst*

C.5S.

56° GEO. III.

Monies present-cd not levied till after Affixes en-fuing those at which Presentment made.

Public Bodies and all Individuals, dibbled in Law, empowered to fell Grounds to Directors;

and Indemnified for what they shall do in such Sales.

Bonn of Conveyance.

A.D. 1816*

as aforesaid, and that for such time only as shall be neeessary for the Trial of such Traverse; nor shall any such Presentment be at any time quaflied for any Informality, Imperfedion or Defect in Form whatsoever.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Sum or Sums of Money so prefen ted as aforesaid, shall not be raised or levied until after the Assizes next ensuing the Assizes at which the same shall be presented as aforesaid; and that in case the Person or Persons who shall have committed any such Injury or Damage, or any of them, shall be convicted of such Offence, then and in such case no Sum of Money shall be raised or levied in pursuance of any such Presentment; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Ecclesiastical Persons, Tenants in Tail, Tenants for Life, Husbands seized in Right of their Wives, Married Women, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Committees of Lunatics and Insane Persons, Executors and Administrators, and all other Persons whomsoever, not only on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of those for whom they are Trustees or Guardians, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Married Women or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Married Women who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested, in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interect, and for every Person and persons who is, are or shall be in any Way seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments, which the said Directors shall at any time think necessary to occupy, use or take in, for the Purpose of making, enlarging, altering, widening or extending any Canal or Navigation, or any Off Branch or Supply Cut, or any Works thereunto belonging, to contract and agree (or, sell and convey the same, and every Part thereof, unto the said Directors; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Ecclesiastical and other Persons aforesaid, so conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for such Acts as they shall respectively do in relation to any such Sale which he, (he or they, or any of them, shall make by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and all such Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances of any Lands, Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be made to the said Directors according to the form following; (tvidelicet)

T A* B. of in Consideration of

the Sum of to me paid by the

Directors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland*

do hereby grant, convey and dispose of, to the said Directors, all

that and those [here defcrlbe the Premises to be conveyed] as marked

and described in the Map or Survey hereunto annexed, and all my

Right, Title and Interest in and to the same, and every Part

thereof, to hold to the said Directors and their Successors in the

same manner as 1 hold or might have held the same, for ever, by

virtue of and according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act

of Parliament passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled [here insert the Title of tbu ASA In

A.D. WHS.

se* GEO. III.

C. W

Witatittrbertof I have hereunto.set mj Hand.and.Seal, thu

Day of in the Year of our

' Lord One thousand eight hundred

A memorial of which laid Conveyance shall be duly prepared and Memorial of Li_j e___________tv_______.1 urn*_r Conveyance

Wged in the Office for registering Deeds and Wills in the City of

Dublin; and such Conveyance shall have Effect and be valid and try!Office in8

effectoal to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Person or Persons so Dublin, conveying had conveyed the .Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises therein mentioned, by Fine or Common Recovery, or any formal Conveyance thereof, made and executed according to Law, and the same shall pads thereby and be veiled accordingly; and that Such Convey-any such Conveyance, executed and registered as aforesaid by any an5* "* Tenant for Life in Possession of the Lands, Tenements, Heredit- J 8ccord-aments and Premises therein meutioned, shall be binding and con- ingtoLawiof ciofive against every Person claiming any Estate in the Lands, Ireland. Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises, in Remainder after such Tenant for Life, as if the Person or Persons so in Remainder had executed the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Registrar or Deputy Attested Copy

Registrar of the said Registry Office shall, from time to time when j* required, deliver an attested Copy or Copies .of such Memorial or Bfi*

Memorials to any Person or Persons requiring the same; which said

attested Copy or Copies shall be admitted and received as Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be Application of

paid or agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene- Compenlatkm if ments or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the to

Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to

any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trail, Execptor, Adxmnistrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or other Trailer, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot,

Feme Covert, or other Ceftuique Trail, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in Arid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in Ireland, -to be placed to his Account there. u Ex parte the Directors of In-" land Navigation in Ireland" to the Intent that such Money shall*be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Discharge of any Debt or Debts or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or anecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments*settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents or

; or where such Monty shall not. be so applied, then the In whit case hid same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and out tn purchas« Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, of &c«. Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, kbd the like Uses, Tracts, Intents and Purposes,

L

and

Until Purchife, Money in veiled in Government Securities.

Applicatloa of Compen&tion if left then sool sad equal to and exceeding to).

Application of Compenfktion if le(a than tol

In case of not making odt Titles.

0.15. 86° CEO. HI. A.D. 181S.

and in the same ifiiftner as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which fliali be To purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement ishall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Efe&; and in the mean tune and until such Pnrchafe &aU be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be tntefled by the said Accountant General in 'his Name, in the Pnrchafe of Government Securities $ and in the mean time, and until the said Government Securities shall be ordered by the 'fpid Coart to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of such Government Securities lhaQ from time to time be paid by Order of the said Coort, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so directed to be purchased by virtue of this Alt, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belongingto any Corporation, or to any Person or Pferfons under any Difebility or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be left than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to die Rents and Profits of die Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland* and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, m order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Directors of Inland Navigation m Inland (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Alt; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committals, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall have agreed to receive any Sum or Sums of Money for the Parchafe of tiny Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments

S6°GEO.IIL

C-56+

menu to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the faaje, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the P re mile# to the Satisfaction of the Oud Directori, then and in every such case Purcfctfe k shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors to order such "5°

Sum or Sumi of Money to be paid into the Bapk of Ireland\ inank« the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interfiled in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments XjUfcribmg /Atis], subject to the Order, Controul and Dif- fufcjsfttp Order petition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of of the Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making w*?C<, V* Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by am, .Motion or .Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the same Court t(hall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cafliier or Cashiers of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby reqnired to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ufa the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as (h^ll pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any fD whit cases on Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money Questiou touch-to be paid into the Bank of Ireland\ in ine Name and with the in8 Title to jPrivity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in

pursuance of this A ft, for the Purchase of any Lands, Teny- JjJo be in* .meats, qr Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest \n Possession of the any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pur- Lands, &c at fuauce of this Act, or to any Government Securities to be pur- die time of such chafed with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any ^urch*£jdeein" such Government Securities, the Person or Persons who shall have tccoftj.

been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements pr Hereditaments at ing to such the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Per- Pofleffien. ion or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons,

shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuqh Landh Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said High Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of such Government Securities, and also the Capital of such Government Securities,

(Ml be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly; unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Pofifc/Soo, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein-

XXL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by Court ofCbaa-reafjpnof any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or eery may oriw Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Eapencea of to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money far die same shall be required to be paid into the Court*of Chancery, tad to be applied to the Purchase of other Lands,

La* Tenements

itt "C. 55, 56. 56° GEO. III. AiDl 181&

Tenements or llereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pur-Tuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said <.* Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time

to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of suchExpences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said DireAors out of the Monies to be received by virtue or this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such ?, . Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

General Issue. XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be -. sued or impleaded for or by reason of any thing done under or by

virtue of any Powers given by this Act, or under or by virtue of .any Rule, Order, Regulation, or Bye Law, made or hereafter to be made by the said DireAors as aforesaid, such Person may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence.

: CAP. LVI.

i An Act to repeal the Several Stamp Duties in Ireland, and also'Several AAs for the ColleAion and Management of the said Duties, and to grant new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to make more effectual Regulations for colleAing and managing the said Duties. [20th June 1816.]

55 G.3- < 7* 4 WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of 4 W His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the*several Duties under the Cart of tie Commissioners for managing tie 4 Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lien thereof: 55 G. 3« c* 79* 4 And Whereas another A A was passed in the said Year, intituled ( An Act to regulate the Collection and Management of the Stamp 1 Duties on Law Proceedings, Attomiesy Solicitors^ProSorty and 4 Corporate Officers in Ireland: And Whereas another Act was 4 passed in the said Year, intituled An Act to repeal the several Acts 4 for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties in Ireland, and 4 to male more effectual Regulations for coUeSing and managing the 14 said Duties in general: And Whereas it is expedient that the find 4 recited Acts mould be repealed, and that other and increased 4 Duties of Stamps Should be granted in lieu of the Duties aforesaid, and that the Regulations hereinafter contained Should be 4 established for the ColleAion and Management of all Stamp Duties

in Ireland: 9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be'enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Commencement of this Act, the said recited Acts, and all Duties by the said Acts, or any of them, granted or imposed, and all Allowances in respect of the said Duties, and all Regulations contained in the find AAs for colleAing or enforcing of the said Duties, or any of them, except as to the shall be and the lame are hereby repealed; save and except so far

Recovery-of as the said Acts, or anyt of them, repeal any former Act or Acts of

Amaa, fcc, Parliament, or any Clause, matter orbiting therein contained; and

< save as to the raising, recovering, aDowing or paying, alter the

.... Commencement of fhif A A, of any Arrears of Duty or Allowances

# under the said Acts, br any of tl^em, or any other Act or Acts of'Parliament which fhtdt then remam uilrepealed; and .feve-at to any

55 c.8i.

Recited AAs repealed.

50° GEO. UK'.

G6*>

1*9.

A.D. 1B16.

Proceeding commenced or to be commenced in any Court, Civil or.

Criminal, or other wise, against any Person or Persons for any Fine,

Penalty, Forfeiture or Puuishment for or in respect of any Crime, or Offence committed or to be committed, before the Commence* meat of this Act, against the said Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in any wise relating to the Cof-ie&on or Management of Stamp Duties, which, if committed after the Commencement of this Act, would under the Provisions thereof, or of such other Act or Acts as aforesaid, subject the Offender to the same or a. greater Fine, Forfeiture, Penalty or- Punishment respectively.

II. A$d be it further enacted, That from and after the Com- Duties fpsdfcP mencement of this Act, in lieu and indead of the Duties and Allow- " SchwM*"-ances by this Act repealed, there shall be granted, raised, levied, .^collected and paid, m Inland, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Allowances Successors, for and in respect of the fereral Instruments, Articles, therein described matters and things mentioned, enumerated and described in the mad*

Schedule to dhis Act annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties 3* they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedule, and in each and every Part thereof and that there shall be allowed and paid for or in respectof all such* Articles, .mattero or things as are inlerted, enumerated and described in the said Schedule in tout Behalf, the several Allowances inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule and that no Sum or.

Sums of Money shall'be paid or given in the nature of Discount or Allowance on the Purchase of Stamps, .other than such as is and are expressed and directed in the said Schedule, any thing in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstandingand that the said Schedule and every Clause, Regulation, matter and thing therein respectively contained, shall be deemed, .taken and co&hdered as Part of this A ft.

Ill- Provided always, and he. it enacted. That in all cases where Bond^Stc. now any Bond, Receipt, Deed.or Instrument of any Nature or Kind, «xen, Pt«[ from whatever, is expressly exempted from any Stamp Duty, by any Act say to

or Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act, and not expressly repealed by this Act or. any other Act, every such Bond,

Receipt, Deed or Instrument shall remain so exempted, and shall not be charged or chargeable with any Sump Duty in this Act or the Schedule thereto annexed, any thing in this Act or in the said Schedule to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. i

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Al* Duties under lowances by this Act and the Schedule thereto annexed granted and Minagement of made payable shall he under the Government, Care and Management

of the CommifBooers of Stamps in Ireland for the time being; and that the said Duties^ and all other Dudes which shall from time to time be under the Care of. the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland* shall be denominated and be deemed and taken to be Stamp Duties.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Allowances Dudes paid in by this Act granted and made payable, and all Stamp Dutiea which British Cur-^stall be from dme to dme payable in frelattdi and as to which it f&allfncJ*exce?' not he expressly otherwise provided, shall be paid and payable ac-^orbetwee* cording to the Amount thereof in British Currency, except only such 6<L tod xs.

of the fry Duties as are under the Sum of Sixpence, or between the Sum of Sixpence and the Sum of One Shilling; and which said Di^

- -*t 3 ' tiea

C. 56.

5& GEd. III.

Duties paid to the Receiver General, and by him into the Exchequer of Ireland.

Accounts of _ Part of certain Duties on the Admidion of Students to Inns of Court, &c to be kept i'cp^rate, end paid over to Treasurer.

'Appointment of Commissioners.

Oath.

A. 0.1816.

ties shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in Irtjb Currency: Provided always, that in all cases where any Duties of Stamps, or any Allowances in respect thereof, are directed to be ascertained by the Amount of any Sum referred to in respect whereof such Duties arc nnposed, such Amount so referred to shall be taken and deemed to be, and shall be computed in Irxjb Currency.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the several Stamp Duties in Ireland shall be paid from time to time by the several Distributora of Stamps in Ireland into the Hands of the Receiver General of Stamp Duties for the time being in Ireland, and to no other Person whatever, any Law, Usage or Custom t* the contrary notwithstan ding; and the said Receiver General shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying and accounting for the same being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer of I+e-Iandf at fufch times and in such manner as is or shall be from time to time by Law dhre&ed concerning the several Stamp Duties in Ireland, and all Money so paid into the said Receipt shall be carried to and made Part of the said Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland shall cause to be kept a distinct Account of the Sum of Ten Pounds (Part of the Duty of Thirty Pounds, in the said Schedule mentioned, on the Adxnifnon of any Student into the Society of King's Inns, and of Thirty Pounds on the Admission of any Person to the Degree of a Barrister in the Inns of Court); and of the Snm of Seven Pounds (Part of the Duty of Fifty Pounds, in the said Schedule mentioned, upon each Part of Indentures binding an Apprentice to an Attorney) \ and that the Receiver General of Stamp Duties shall pay the same at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Irelands and the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office for the time being, shall cause the said refoedive Parts of the said respective Duties of Thirty Pounds, and Thirty Pounds, and Fifty Pounds to be paid to the Treasurer of the said Society of King's Inns, to be applied by him in such manner as shall be directed by the said Society.

VIII. And be it enacted, That His Majesty, or die Lord Lieutenant, oV other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have Power from time to time and Xt all times to appoint Commissioners for the stamping and marking Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and managing the StampDuties in Ireland, and that the said Commissioners mil be called " The Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland and that the said Commissioners, with die Consent and Approbation of His Majesty, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have Power under their Hands and Seals to appoint such inferior Officers fa their Department as they shall from time to time think proper; and that every Commissioner, or other Officer so appointed, before be shall proceed to the Execution of His Office under such Appointment, shall take and ftxbscribe the following Oath; (that is to fey),

4 T A. B. do swear, That I will, during my Continuance in the 4 Office of faithfully execute the Trust com-

4 raitted to me therein without Fraud or Concealment; and that I 4 will from time to time true Account make of all such Act$ as I 4 shall do therein, and deliver the same to such Person or Perfoos as < His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant or 14 4 other

A.D.IS1*

Sr GEO. lit

G 5*

m

other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland lor the time being* c bath or have appointed or hereafter shall appoint to receive such

Account; and that I will take no Fee, Reward or Profit, for the

Execution or Performance of the said Trust, or the Business relatkg thereto, from any Person or Perfoas other than such aa shall 4 be paid and allowed by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or*he such Person or Perfoos for that Purpose authorized by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or 4 other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

So help me GOD*

And such Oath shall and may ho adtaimftered to any such Commif- By whom si. Boner or Comasissioners by the Chancellor, Treasurer, Lord Chief Baras or any other of the Barons of His MajeAy's Court of Exchequer in Inland, or in their Abfeace by aav of the Justices of any of His Mapfty'a foperior Courts of Record in Dublin j which laid Chancellor, Treasurer, Banins and Justices are hereby refpcAively required and empowered to administer such Oath j and any One of die faad Commissiobers or any Juftke of the Peace in Ireland, within his proper JmifdS&kn, shall and may administer the like Oath to any of die inferior Officers aforesaid.

IX. And be it further eaaffitd, That in all cases in which it shall Three Commit* not be otherwise directed or provided by any Act or Acts of Parlia- fionen empow-ment, all and every Right, Power and Authority, which from time tred 10 to time shall be veiled in the said Conumffioners, shall and may be nfed and exerdfed by any Three or more of the said Commissioners, as folly and effectudly to all Intents and Purposes as the same could be used or exercised by all the said Chmmissionera for the time being j and that att and every Powers and Authorities veiled in any Commissionors of Stamp Duties, or in any Commissioners for ftaxhping Vellum, Parchment and Paper, under whatsoever Name or Title by any Act not hereby repealed, shall be veiled in the said Commife fionera under this Act to all Intents and Purposes.

L Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Aa not contained ffiaR afieA or be conftroed to afieA an Act passed in /re- the Aa of land in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of His Majesty* 21*M*' Reign, nfeikd AS to regulate the Qualification* of Persone afr pointed in Office*» tine Kingdom, wherein Two or more Grantees aS under me Grant, Commifion or Appointment, but that the said Act and every Part thereof matt remain in full force as if thin AA had not been passed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners Comafffioaert and inferior Officers heretofore appointed for the marking or damp- Officer* now ing of Vettnm, Parchment and Paper, and managing the Duties " Office to coo-thereupoa, and now aAnally holding and exerrifing such Offices re- uaue to IjpcAively, shall continue to a A in the several Offices to which they have been £o appointed, in like manner, with the same Powers and Authorities, and subject to such Restrictions and Limitations as if appointed mid from under this- AA; and that every (boh Com* nuffioner now appointed or hereafter to be appointed shall continue to bold and exercise his (kid Office until be maR die, resign or be moved therefrom by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of /o'land foe the W* being p and that every such inferior Officer now appointed or luuraftri ts be appointed Audi continue to hold and

L* exercise

isr

Where Right of Commissioner*, fee. of executing any Duty is questioned, Proof that they are so reputed sufficient.

Salaries paid.

Rules observed in Execution of

a a.

Office kept in Dublin.

CoxnmiQioners empowered to administer Oaths,

C. 56. B6*GbOAIt.-A.D.-161&

Exercise his said Office until he shall die, resign or be removed therefrom by the said Commissioners, with the Consent and Approbation of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Cnief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XI f. And be it further enacted, That if in any Court whatsoever, on any Indictment, Information, Trial, Proceeding or Occasion what foe ver, and whoever shall be the Parties therein, any Question shall arise concerning the Right or Title of the said Commissioners Or inferior Officers, or any of them, or of any Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose of executing any Duty whatsoever under any A & imposing any Stamp Duty or regulating the Collection or Management of any such Duty, to hold, exercise or enjoy the said Offices, or to execute; such Duty respectively, then and in every such case it shall be sufficient to prove that such Commissioner or Commissioners or inferior Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, were or was at the time in question commonly reputed to be such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Officer or Officers, or so appointed or authorized respectively, without producing any Patent, Appointment dr Commission, and without giving any Evidence of having performed the several Requisites prescribed by Law to enable them to execute the said Offices or Duties respectively, or any of the said Requisites*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, out of the Produce of the Stamp Duties which, shall from time to time be payable in Ireland, to cauie such Sum and Sums of Money to be expended and paid from time to time for Salaries, and for incident Charges, as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting and levying or managing of the hud Duties, any thing in this or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or other Officers heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, and all Officers employed or to be employed or entruffced by or under them as aforesaid, shall from time to time observe such Rules, Methods and Orders in the Execution of their several Offices and Trusts, as they respectively have received or shall receive from time to time from His Majesty, or from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or from the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or from the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer or any three of them for the time being respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall keep their Stamp Office in fozne convenient Place in the County of the City of Dublin; and that none of the Duties which shall or may be from time to time under their Management shall be received or collected by or paid to the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, or any One or more. of them, to administer Oaths and Affirmations, and take Affidavits and Affirmations, in all cases where he or they shall respectively think an Oath or Oaths or an Affirmation or Affirmations

A: t>. 1816.

56°'GEO. III.

C. 56r

18SL

atiom necessary to be administered or taken for the Purpose of carrying into Effect this Act, or any Part thereof, or any matter dr thing relating thereto, or to the Management or Colie&ion of any of the Stamp Duties now payable or hereafter to be payable.

' XVII. And be it further enacted, That it (Rail and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps, by Notice in Writing at any time, to reyoke, annul and make void any Licence which the said Commissioners are empowered to grant under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for any Purpose whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Distributor of Stamps, or Person in Charge as a Distributor of Stamps, shall verify by Affidavit, or (if a Quaker or Quakers) by Affirmation, his, her or their respective Accounts furnished by him, her or them to the said Commissioners; such Affidavit or Affirmation, if made in Zhillm, to be fwora or affirmed before One of the said Commissioners, and if in the Country, before a Jufttce of the Peace of the County m which such Distributor, or Person in charge as a Distributor respe^tively, shall have his Office; and which Affidavit or. Affirmation such Commissioners and Justices respectively are hereby required and authorized to receive and take as aforesaid; or if the said Commissioners of Stamps, «r any One or more of them, (kali by Notice in Writing require the same, then before the Justices of the Peace at a Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County or District in which such Distributor, or Person in charge as a Distributor, shall have his Office; and which Affidavit or Affirmation such Justices are hereby required, and authorized to receive and take; and if any such Distributor, or Person in charge as a Distributor, shall neglect or refiife to verify any of such Accounts in manner aforesaid, within such reasonable time as he or she shall be called upon by the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any One or more of them, so to do, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions or Suits commenced or to be commenced against any Distributor, or Person in charge as a Distributor, or against the Heirs, Executors or Ad-, miniftratort of such Distributor or Perlbn in charge, or against all or any or either of the Sureties of any such Diftnbutor or Person in charge, or their or any or either of their Heirs, Executors or Adinmistrators, every Acknowledgment in Writing signed by such Distributor or Person in charge as a Distributor, or by any Person duly authorized by any such Distributor, or Person m charge respectively, of the Receipt of any Stamps given or sent to such Distributor, or Person in charge, by or from the Stamp Office in £hMsMt shall be accepted, taken and allowed, in all Courts of Law and Equity, as Evidence of the Receipt of the several Pieces and Skins of Stamped Paper, Parchment and Vellum in such Acknowledgment dated to have been received by or for such Distributor, or Perfbu in charge as a Distributor, and of the Value thereof, and of the Stamps thereon respectively; and that all and every Account or Accounts furnished by such Distributor, or Person in charge, whether verified by Oath or Affirmation or not, shall be accepted, taken and allowed, m ail Courts of Law and Equity, as Evidence against such DzAributor, or Person in charge as a Distributor, or against the Hctn* Executes* or Administrators of such Distributor or Person

Licences may be revoked.

Distrihutors to verify their Accounts on Oath.

Notice.

Penalty.

Acknowledgments ofDistributors to be.\ taken in EvU -deuce.

IS*

ct 56*

56 GEO. III.

A.D. 1616.

Distributors with Con lent of Commissioners may appoint Deputies.

Premises of Distributors, k c. may be entered and Stamps taken away, a Warrant having been ob-

Boon may be broken open.

Commissioners may grant Warrant.

Acknowledgment given for Stampi feised.

in charge, or against all or any or either of the Sureties of such Distributor or Person in charge, or their or any or either of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, of the several Debits in any such Account severally contained; but any such Account, by whomsoever produced, shall not be Evidence of the Credits therein claimed or Rated by such Distributor, or Person in charge as Distributor*

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distributor or Distributors of Stamps, with the Confeat of the said Commissioners of Stamps or of any One of them, to appoint, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, any Person or Persons to be his, her or their Deputy or Deputies, or Sub Distributor or Distributors, within his, her or their District, or any Part or Parts thereof that may be specified in such Warrant, and every such Distributor or Distributors shall be answerable for the Conduct of every such Deputy or Sub Distributor in all matters relating to the said Office of Diuributor; and every such Deputy or Sub Distributor shall have full Power to fell Stamps for the said Distributor or Distributors, according to the terms of such Warrant, in the same manner as the said Distributor or Distributors might person ally do, but not to exerdfe any other Part of the Business or Office of such Distributor or Distributors; and no such Warrant for appointing any such Sub Distributor shall be subject to any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons authorized thereto by the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any One or more of them, under Hand and Seal, and with the Assistance of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to enter in the Day time into the House or Habitation of any Distributor of Stamps, or Person in charge as such, or Sub Distributor, or. other Person or Persons acting for or under such Distributor or Person in charge as {rich, or into the House of any Person haring a Licence to fell Stamps, or having bad such Licence in Force at any time within Six Calendar Months then last paftj and if on Demand and Notice of such Warrant, the Door of the House in which such Distributor or other Person as aforesaid shall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof shall not be opened, then with the Assistance and in the Presence of such Magistrate or Peace Officer to break open the same respectivelr, and to seize and to take into his or their Possession all stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be found in the House, Custody or Possession of such Distributor or other Person as afbnesaid; and all Magift rates and Peace Officers are hereby required, upon the Request of mj Person or Persons adfcing under such Warrant, to aid and assist him and them in the Execution thereof; and it shall be lawful for all and every such Commissiouer or Cosumissioners to grant such Warrant to any Person or Persons whenever and as often as he or they shaft think fit.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Peafoa who shall so execute any feich Warrant in the House or Place of Residence of any Person licensed or haring been licensed to fell Stamps Us aforesaid, flail give to such Person so licensed or having been so licensed, if required, an Acknowledgment of the Number, Particulars and Amount of the Stamps, if any, so seized therein, and fhatt permit such Person, or any Person or Persons employed by him or her, to inspeA the feune before the Removal thereof rape&ively, and to mark the same as ho or they flail think proper; and that such

Person

AD. isw.

46° GEO. III.

aw.

155

Petfon so Ucensed or having Wo so Heenfed flnO be entitled to demand and receive from the Distributor of the District, the full Amount in Value of such of the Stamps so seized as shall be found to be genuine, arid of the Paper, Parchment or Vellum whereon the same flail be so knpreflW, according to the Rates at which the same Aatf respectively bfe sold by Rich Distributor at the time of such Seizure.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Coramiffloners of Stampa shall have Power front time to time, by Warrant under fine Hand and Seal, to fine any Distributor or Distributors of Stamps, rfDut* or any Person in charge as such, for any Breach or Neglect of Duty, n or of the Orders of the said Commissioners, or of any One or more of them, m any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for any One Offeuce, the Amount of such Fine to be paid by such Distributor or Diftrt-butorsy or Person so in charge as such, to the Receiver General for the Use of Majesty's Revenue, together with his, her or their next Payment, and as Part thereof; and it shall be lawful for such Receiver General, and he is hereby required to apply the next Money that he shall receive from such Distributor or Person so in charge as such, or so much thereof as shall be necessary to the Pay* ment of such Fine, whatever My be the Purpose for which the same m<*nt or intended.

And be it further eiteded, That all and every Officer Oftrtrtto kscy and Officers who shall be concerned in levying, collecting or re* fep*r»te Ac-criring any Stamp Duty oY Duties in Ireland\ shall keep separate of and distinct Accounts thereof; and that the several Distributors of Dist^butort to Stamps in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, account in manor Persons in charge as such, shall pay all Monies received by them ner herein men-for or by reason or on account of any of the said Stamp Duty or tionoA Duties, or of any Stamp Duty or Duties which shall or may from time to time be payable, or of any Penalties imposed by this Act, or hr any other Act in any wise relating to the Payment or Regulation*of any Stamp Duty or Duties, and then in the Hands of such Diftinbutors or Persons in charge as such respectively, to the Re* cover General of Stamp Duties, on every Day, or on such and so many Days in each Week as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners; and the Distributors of Stamps, or Persons in charge as such in any other Parts of Ireland, shall on Wedntfday tn every Week, unless the same shall be a Holiday, and then on the next enfoing Day which shall not be a Holiday, or as speedd^r after such Wednesday or other Day as the Distance of such Distributors or Persons in charge as such respectively shall permit, or as much oftener and at all Inch times as the find Distributors, or Persons an charge as such, shall be required by the find Commissioners, or any of them, pay dr cause to be paid all Sums received by them in like manner and then in their Hands respectively, to the said Receiver General of Stamp Duties, and the said Receiver General shall on Receiver Gene* each and every Day, or on such Day or Days in every Week as shall ral «> P*y be dxrr&ed for tie Purpose by the said Commissionera, pay all Monies so received by him, ana then in his Hands, into the Re- JL SJSieouer ceipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland; and the said Receiver General shall on each Day after his making any such Payment into the said Exchequer, mid every Distributor ot Stamps, or Person in darge at such, on each Day hb or her making nay such

Payment

c.se;

I5£

Receiver General detaining Money in his Hands to be charged iiLper Cent, (nterest.

Distributors neglecting to pay in Money to Receiver, First Offence,

Second Offence. Penalty.

Where Monthly Sales of Distributor shall not have exceeded aol.

Coramifli oners may enlarge the time of Payment.

Qopk kept at Treasury, in which Sump Duty entered separate from other Monica.

*6° GEO, Ilk

AJ} Ana*

Payment to the said Receiver General, or on the first Opportunity) after the said times respectively, give Notice of such Payment, -and of the Amount thereof, to the said Commissioners of Stamps y and if such Receiver General shall at any time neglect or omit to p*ay into the Receipt of His Majesty's said Exchequer the §ums so by him payable as aforesaid, at the time and in the manner aforesaid, or shall detain any Part of the Monies so by him payable, then and for every such Offence he shall be charged with Interest for the Monies so detained in his Hands, after the Rate of Twelve Pounds by the Hundred by the Year, the same to be recovered with Coils of Suit by Action or Information, or by any other of the Means whereby Debts may be recovered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from. Public Accountants or Debtors; and if any such Distributor or Distributors, or Persons in charge as such, shall neglect or omit to pay or cause to be paid to such Receiver General as aforesaid the Sums so by him, her or them payable as aforesaid, or shall detain the Monies by him, her or them so payable as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, then for the First of such Offences he, (he or they shall forfeit all and every the Discount, Per Centage or other Fee, Profit or Reward, to which such Person or Persons so offending would or might other wise be entitled, for or byxcafon of the Sums lo detained or so neglected, or omitted to be paid to such Receiver General and for the Second of such Offences every such Distributor or Distributors, or Persons in charge as such, shall forfeit the said Discount* Per Centage, Fee, Profit or Reward, and shall also be charged with Interest for the Money so detained after the Rate of Six Pounds.b_y the Year for every Hundred Pounds 5 the same to be recovered in the same manner and with like Costs as the Interest is recoverable from the said Receiver General as aforesaid; and the said Discount* Per Centage, Fee, Profit or Reward, so forfeited by such Distributor or Distributors; or Person in charge as such, shall in every of the said cases be paid to such Officer or Officers of the Stamps as shall first discover and inform the said Commissioners of Stamps of such Neglect, Omillion or Detention, if the said Commissioners of Stamps* or the major Part of them, shall think proper so to order the same, ' and if they shall make no Order thereupon, it shall be carried to the Account of the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases where the Average of the Monthly Sales of any such Distributor, or. Person in charge as such, or of his Predecessor or Predecessors, for Twelve Months next preceding, shall not have exceeded the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Month, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps from time tb time as often as they shall fee just and necessary Occasion, by Order under their Hands to enlarge and extend, for any time not exceeding One Month, the time hereby allowed to such Distributors or Persons in charge as such respectively, for paying unto such Receiver General the several Sums by them respectively from time to time received as aforesaid.

XXVI* And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept in His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, One Book in which all Monies which shall be paid into the said Treasury in Ireland, by virtue of this Act, or of any Act or Acts for imposing of Stamp Duties, or for regulating the Management or Colledipn thereof in Ireland, shall

C. 56.

Avista S6° GEO. hi.

\S1

'be catered apart afid distinct frotto all other Monies paid or payable \o H» Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on any Account whatsoever; and that neither the Sixpence per Pound nor any other Fee shall be payable to or be deduced or received by any Officer or Mo Fee. Officers of xiis Majesty's Treasury for or on account of the issuing tir Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money anting by or which shall he received for or on account of any Stamp Duties or of any Payment to be made by the Receiver General of Stamp Duties m manner mfbresaid, but that the same shall be received and duly ac- Money carried counted for to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all the to Consolidated 'Money paid into the said Treasury, on the Account of the said Fund ^hreUnd. Duties, shall be carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland*

- XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have been or who shall be respectively employed in receiving, collecting'or paying any Stamp Duties, shall exhibit their respective Accounts 4>f such Duties to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Ireland for the time being, or the major Part of them, when called on by them, or any One or more of them, for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners of Public Accounts are hereby respectively authorized and required from time to time to examine upon Oath the said Persons who shall be so employed in raising, receiving or collecting the said Duties, as to their said Accounts, and as to the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been by them, or any of them respectively, raised, collected, or received within the time of such their Accounts, and likewise what Part thereof shall have been by them, or any of them, paid to the Receiver General, or into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland* and at what times respectively; and in accounting before the said Commissioners of Public Accounts, the said Persons shall produce proper Vouchers for any Sum or Sums of Money by them received and paid; and the said Commissioners of Public Accounts,

or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized and required finally to audit and settle such Accounts; which said Accounts, when so audited and settled, shall be signed by the said Commissioners of Public Accounts, or the major Part of them, and shall be at all times, to the Officers therein concerned, a full and sufficient Warrant and Discharge to all Intents and Purposes, according to the true Intent, Meaning and Import thereof respectively.

XXVIIL And be it further enacted, That the Types, Marks and Stamps which are already kept or used for denoting and marking <m Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or on Playing Caras or on Dice, the several and respective Duties heretofore granted, or any of them, or which shall hereafter be kept or used at the Stamp Office in Dublin* for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or on Playing Cards or on Dice, the several and respective Stamp Dories which shall from time to time be payable thereon respectively, by Law in Ireland\ shall be the only true and lawful Types, Marks sod Stamps for the damping and impressing of all Vellum, Parch- meat and Paper, on which any of the several things in refoeft whereof any Stamp Duty shall from time to time be payable, have been or shall be engrossed or written, and for damping Playing Cards i or Dice according to Law; and that if at any time there shall not be any such Type, Mark or Stamp denoting precisely any of the

Stamp

Account! of Duties exhibited to CommissioiH ers for auditing Public Accounts when required.

Vouchers to be produced.

Accounts (igned by Commissioners of Public Accounts a Dif-chirge.

The Types and Stamps now or hereafter to be used at the Stamp Office, for denoting the Dudes, shall be lawful

When there Is no precise Stamp to denote the

C. 56.

58* GEO. m.

A.D. 1816.

Duty, Two or more Stamps may be used.

Devices may be changed or altered, of which Notice flrall he given in Dublin Gazette.

Commissioners to provide such particular Stamps as shall be re-guifite.

Writings not having the proper Stamp to he as if written, Ac. on Paper, &c. not stamped.

Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think proper, to direct that Two or more of such Types, Mark* or Stamps, the Duties denoted whereby shall in the whole amount to the Stamp Duties so payable respecttively, shall be used on the same Piece of VeUujn, Parchment or Paper, for denoting such Duties, or .at their Difcse* lion to cause to be provided new Types, Marks or Stamps for denoting such Duties, or any of them, and to cause all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper chargeable with such Duties to be stamped or marked with the same, and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct that such Devices, Stamps or Marks shall be used as may express the Amount of the Duty either directly in Words and Figures, or by Reference or Per Centime, or in .any other manner whatsoever, whereby the lame shall or may lie Efficiently denoted.

XXIX* And be it further enacted, That the Devices or Marka used or to be used for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or on Playing Cards, or on Dice, the Stamp Duties which (nail be payable from time to time, or any of them, maybe discontinued, changed, varied or altered from time to time, and new or other Devices or Marks may be used in lieu of the Devices or Marks so discontinued, as His Majesty, his Heiry and Successor*, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland for the time being, shall think (it; provided that wferasoever any of the Devices or Marks aforesaid shall be changed, varied or altered, then and in every such case public Notice of every such Change, Variation or Alteration shall be given by Advertisement in the Dublin Ga % etUt and in some other public Newspaper, a convenient time before the Types, Marks or Stamps, on which such new Devices or Marks shall be made, shall be used.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Comnuffoom of Stamps in Ireland shall cause separate and particular Stamps or Marks to be used and provided when requisite, to denote the Duties which shall from time to time he payable, not only on any Article or Articles for which separate or particular Marks or Stamps shall .be required from time to time by any Law or Laws, but aMb on such other Articles, matters and things as to the said Commissioners of Stamps from time to time shall.seem requisite and necessary, or as the said Commissioners of Sumps shall be required to use or provide, by His Majesty, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being; and all such Articles, matters and things respectively, which shall be issued or granted, made or written, after One Month from the Day on which public Notice shall have been or shall be given in the Dublin GaneUe by the said Commissioners of Stamps, that such separate or new or particular Stamps or Marks for the same have been or are respectively provided, and which shall be engracted, written or printed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper without such Stamps or Marks, or having any other Stamps or Marks than those so provided or used for the Purposes aforesaid respectively, and also all other Matters in respect whereof any particular or appropriated

AXL1EJ6.

56° GEO. 111.

C. 56.

159

Writing on Paper, &c. not

Penalty.

When Devices we changed and Notice given, Persons having Stamps in Hand may have them uken in Ex. change within Four Months.

wrowitai Stamp flail be necessary, and which after such Notice shall be engrofied, written or printed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked with any of the said particular Stamps or Marks (o appropriated, shall be of no other effect than if the £nd Mttteta refpoftively had been written or printed on Vellum, Parch-meat or Paper not marked or damped, although such improper Stamps respectively may be of the Amount by Law required, or of any greater Amount j and all Persons who (nail so write or print any tuck Article, matter or thing oa any Paper, Vellum or Parchment having any such improper Stamp or Stamps thereon, shall jj0* Pf0Per incur -and fuller such Penalty as they would be liable to in case such - mP* Article, matter or thing rrspectively had been written or printed on Paper, Vellum or Parchment, not marked or damped.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enadfced. That as often as the Devices or Blanks aforeuid, or any of them, shall be changed, earied or altered, it shall be lawful for all Persons who shall, at the Times iefpedivdjr of such Alteration or Change, have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked with the Impression of the Type, Mark or Stamp whidi shall have been Co changed, varied or altered, and upon which none of the matters or things in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be payable, shall have been engrofied or written, to bring or fiend at any time within the Space of Four Months after the Publication of such Advertisement os aforesaid, such Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the said Commissioners of Stamps, at the Stamp Office in Dublin^ or to any Distributor of Stamps, or to any Person appointed to act aa aDiftribotor of Stamps, and thereupon the proper Officer at such Stamp Office, and such Distributor or Person appointed to act as such itfpeftndy, shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered in lieu thereof, a Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, equal to that which shall have beep so brought or sent as aforesaid, with the Impression of such new Type, Mark or Stamp, without demanding or taking directly or isdiieffiy for the same any Money or other Confidenttion whatsoever, vnder the Penalty of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the said Stamps or Marks which have been so given or lent in shall in every such case be immediately cancelled; and in case any Person shall neglect or omit within the time a fore-laid to bring or cause to be brought and delivered unto the said Commissioners or Officers as aforesaid, any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper so marked with any Type, .Mark or Stamp, the Use of^ Effea* which shall be (o difoontinued, and which mar be changed, varied or 00 altered for any new Type, Mark or Stamp, such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with such old or difoontinued Stamp, shall be and is hereby declared to be of no other EfFc& than if such Vellum, Parchment or Paper had never been stamped, and that all matters and things which shall be engrofied or written thereon, after such. time as (haul be appointed by such Advertisement as aforesaid, for making use of such new changed or altered Types, . Marks or Stamps as aforesaid,

shall be of no other Effect than ir they had been engrofied or written bn VeDmo, Parchment or Paper, not marked or damped, and all Pirhm who shall engross or write any matter or thing chargeable with any of the Duties aforesaid, on such Vellum, Parchment or jw ffar the find time, shall incur and (offer such Penalty os is

herein

Penalty.

After Period of Four Months the old Stamps

36" GEO. III. '

>160

Persons evading the Duty to be Hill liable, and the Court of Exchequer may enforce Pay-, menu

Rule to shew cause granted by Exchequer.

No Deed or Writing to be given in Evidence unlela stamped with the proper Sump.

Deeds, &c. written on a Stamp of a greater Amount, considered as duly stamped:

Except where

C.56.

A.D. 1816.

herein directed to be inflicted on Persons writing or engrafting on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who hath written, printed, engrafted or executed, or who shall print, write, en-grofs or execute any Record, Deed, Instrument, Copy, matter or thing in respect whereof any Stamp Duty is or shall be payable upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not duly stamped to denote the Payment of such Duty, and also every Person wfu> in any other manner whatsoever is or shall be liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty, and who by any Contrivance, Neglect or Omission shall have avoided, neglected or omitted to pay any Stamp Duty which, in respect of any Ad, matter or thing heretofore done or caused to be done by him, or hereafter to be done or caused to be 'done by him, shall have been by Law payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-cessors, shall be accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Sue* cessors, for the Amount of such Duty, and such Duty and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt from such Person to His Mmefty, his Heirs and Successors; and that in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Excheqner in Ireland, upon Application to be made for that Purpose on Behalf of the said Commissioners of Stamps, upon such Affidavit or Affidavits as to the Court may appear sufficient, to grant a Rule requiring such Person or Persons to shew cause why he, she or they should not deliver to the said Commissioners of Stamps an Account upon Oath of all such Duties so due, and why the same should not be forthwith paid according to Law, and to make any such Rule of Court absolute in every case in which the same may appear to the said Court to be proper and necessary for enforcing the Payment of any of the said Duties, together with such Costs of Proceedings as the said Court shall think proper to award and dire£fc.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Courts of Juftke and Judges in Ireland shall without Allegation or Proof in that Behalf take judicial Notice of the several Types, Marks and Stamps heretofore or now kept or used or to be hereafter kept or used as aforesaid, as and for the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps for denoting the Stamp Duties, which from time to time have been or shall be payable in Ireland; and that no Record, Deed, Instrument, Writing or Printing whatever, for which the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereon the same is or shall be written or printed, is or shall be, or at the time of writing or printing the same was or shall have been by Law chargeable with any Stamp Duty, though such Law has been or shall have been repealed, shall on any Pretence whatsoever be pleaded or given or received in Evidence in any Court in Ireland*, or admitted in any Court in Ireland to be good or available in Law or Equity, unlets the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereon the same hath been or shall be so written or printed, shall be duly marked or stamped with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Record, Deed, Instrument or Writing or Printing respectively: Provided always, that if any Deed, Instrument or Writing, shall.happen to be executed or written on any Stamp of an Amount greater than the Stamp Duty payable for such respective Deed, instrument or Writing, at the time of the Execution thereof, the same shall be considered as duly stamped to all Intents and Purposes, except only in cases where such Record,

Deed,

A.D. 1816.

66° GEO. III.

C. 56.

161

Deed, InSrumrat or Writing, shall be of a kind for which separate and particular Stamps or Marks shall have been provided as afore -said, in which case the same shall not be considered as duly damped, for or in respect of having thereon any Stamp to any Amount greater than the Stamp Duty then payable thereon, unless such greater Stamp so impnefted thereon shall be One of the Stamps or Marks so appropriated to such kind of Record, Deed, Instrument or Writing.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or on any Occasion whatsoever, in any Court or Courts it shall be alledged by either Party, or if any Judge or Judges of any such Courts mail have any Reason to fufpfe& that any Mark or Stamp, Marks or Stamps appearing on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereon shall be written or printed any Record, Deed, Instrument, Writing or Printing, produced before such Court or Courts, is or are or may be forged or counterfeited, it shall and may be lawful to and for any fuen Judge or Judges, and he or they is and are hereby required to make Enquiry thereupon, and to receive thereupon such Information and Evidence on Oath as shall be offered by either Party, or as it shall be within the Power of such Judge or Judges to obtain, and to decide and determine whether such Stamp or Stamps is or are genuine or forged or counterfeited; and such Determination and Decision shall, as to the Purposes of the Trial or Occasion on which the same shall be made, but no further, be final and conclusive.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the time being shall and may from time to time, as they shall fee Occasion, appoint one or more fit Person or Persons* to attend in any Court or Courts, Office or Offices in Ireland, which Person or Persons shall have full Power and Authority to inspect and examine the Vellum, Parchment and Paper, upon which any of the matters or things in respect of which any Stamp Duty shall at any time be payable shall have been engrossed or written or put, and also the Marks or Stamps thereupon, and also all other matters and things tending to secure the Duties which have been or shall from time to time be payable upon damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland; and that the Judges in the several Courts in Ireland\ and such others to whom it may appertain, at the Request of the said Commissioners, or of any of them, shall make such Orders in their respective Courts, and do such other matters and things for the better securing of the said Duties as shall be lawfully and reasonably defined in that Behalf.

XXXVI. And, for the better Distribution of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and in order that all Persons may have the same with Convenience and at an easy Rate, be it. enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall, as often as he or they shall think proper, set the Prices at which all Sorts of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper shall be sold; and the said Commissioners of Stamps shall stamp the Prices so set upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and on every Piece or Sheet of Paper so by them to be (old; and that the said* Commissioners shall take fperial Care that the several Parts of Ireland shall from time to time be fuf-Bciently fumiflted with such Vellum, Parchment and Paper, stamped or marked as aforesaid, so that all Persons may havf it in their

56 Gjco. III. M Election

feparnte Stamps are provided.

Courts to determine in cases where Stamps are alledged to be Forgeries.

CommifBonert may appoint fit Persons to attend Courts to examine Stamps.

Prices fixed at which Vellum, Parchment and Paper fold, and Persons may either buy the lame, or bring their own to be stamped.

162

C.66.

£6° OEO. III.

A/D. 1816.

Election to buy the Dune of the Officer* or Persons to be employed by the said Cotnmissionera at the usual Rate* above the said Duty, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment and Paper to be damped as aforesaid, or to furnish themselve* from other* who shall be legally entitled to utter9 vend or fell the same.

Forging Sumps, XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in any of fr*th United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of

u tng e9 any Of tjjC Dominions thereto belonging! shall counterfeit or forge,

or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, to resemble or represent, or be mistaken for any Type, Dye, Mark or Stamp at any time heretofore kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter directed to be stamped, any of the Stamp Duties payable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts which has been or shall be at any time in force in Ireland, although such Act or Acts may not be in force, or such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp may pot be Jtept or used at the (add Stamp Office at the time of such forging or counterfeiting) or if any Person or Persons save and except such Person or Persons as mall be lawfully entitled and authorized to have and to use the same for the Purpose of damping Vettum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter directed to be stamped by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being) shall have in his, her or their Possession, any Type, Die or Mark or Stamp made to resemble or represent, or be mistaken for any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp heretofore kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said Stamp Office, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter directed to be stamped, any of the said Stamp Duties so payable as aforesaid, although such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, mall not be then kept or used at the said Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby shall not be then payable in Ireland; or if any Person or Persons shall mark or impress, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter which heretofore was or hereafter shall be directed to be stamped, any Device, Mark or Impression to resemble or represent, or be mistaken for any Device, Mark or Impression which has bean or shall be used, kept or made, marked or impressed at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter or thing so directed to be stamped, any of the said Stamp Duties so payable under or by virtue of any Act of Parliament which shall be or shall have been in force in Ireland at or before the time when such Mark, Device or Impression shall have been so used, kept or made, marked or im-pressed, at the said Office, although such Act or Acts may not be in force, or such Device, Mark or Impression may not be used or kept, marked or impressed at the said Office, at the time of such Offence committed; or if any Person or Persons shall use, utter, vend or fell, or cause to be used, uttered, vended or sold, or shall have in his or her Possession, with Intent to use, utter, vend or fell the same, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter, with any counterfeit Device, Mark or Impression thereon, to resemble or represent, or be mistaken for any Device, Mark or Impression which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforesaid for the

Purpose*

A.D. 181&

56° GEO. III.

0. 56.

169

Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, although not then used or kept for die said Purposes, or any of them, or although the Duty denoted thereby /ball not be then payable in Ireland\ knowing such Device,

Mari or Impression to be counterfeited, or if any Officer or Officers io the Employment of the Commissioners of Stamps, or any other Person or Persons whatever, shall with Intent*to defraud His Majesty, hk Heirs or SuccelTors, mark or impress, or cause or procure to be marked or imprefied, or be aiding, abetting or assisting in marking or impressing, or in causing or procuring to be marked or impressed any Stamp, Mark or Impression, denoting any of the said Stamp Duties on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter directed to be stamped, not delivered to him or them by or by the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the Purpose of being stamped with any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, which has been or shall be used* kept or made at the Stamp Office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any of the said Stamp Duties so payable under or by virtue of any Act of Parliament, although such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp shall not be then kept at the said Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby shall not be then payable, in Ireland; or if any Person or Persons shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, knowingly have in his, her or their Possession any Vellum,

Parchment or Paper, or other matter required to be damped, so fraudulently damped or marked with any Mark or Stamp to denote any of the aforesaid Duties, then and in every of the said cases, any Felony and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully con-vided, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for Life.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Licensed Per-Velhim, Parchment or Paper shall at any time be found in the son* hivingcoun* Possession of any Person licensed to deal in and retail Stamps in m

Ireland, or who shall have been so licefifed within Six Calendar to t^el<m months then next preceding, having impressed thereon any coun* penalties of terfeit Device, Mark or Impression to referable or reprelent, or vending forged intended or liable to be mistaken for any Device, Mark or Im- Stamps, unless it pression which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp b Pro^ed that Office aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, although cure/aVihe*^ such Device, Mark or Impression shall not then be used or kept for stamp Office, or the said Purposes, or any of them, or although the Duty denoted of Tome DiftrU thereby shall not be then payable in Ireland, then and in every butor* such case the Person in whole Possession such Vellum, Parchment or Paper shall be so found shall be deemed and taken to have so had the same in his or her Possession with Intent to use, utter or vend the same with such counterfeit Device, Mark or Impression thereoo, unless the contrary shall be iatisfa&orily proved, and shall also be deemed and taken to have had such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so in his or her Possession, knowing the Stamps, Devices,

Marks or Impressions thereon to be forged, false and counterfeited, and such Person shall be liable to all Penalties and Punishments by Law imposed or inflicted upon Persons ufrag, uttering or vending false* forged or counterfeit Stamps, or having such false, forged or counterfeit Stamps in their Possession, knowing the same to be forg?d, unless such Person shall in all cases satisfactorily prove that such Vellum* Parchment and Paper, and the Stamps thereon* was

164

C. 56.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 181<J.

or were procured by or for such Person at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or from some Distributor of Stamps in Ireland.

HoufusofPer- XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That on Complaint made Win^so ed °* before any 0"e Justice of the Peace upon the Oath of One credibtc Diesor Sumps, Witness, that there is just cause to suspect any One or more Person See. may be or Persons of being or having been concerned in making any false searched. or counterfeit Type, ijie, Mark or Stamp, or of unlawfully having

any such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp in his or her Possession, or of unlawfully marking or impressing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with any such Device, Mark or Impression, or of unlawfully having in his or her Possession, any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter with any counterfeit Device, Mark or Impression thereon, or of unlawfully or fraudulently marking or impreiung, or causing or procuring to be marked or impreUed, or of aiding, abetting or assisting in marking or imprefiing, or in causing or procuring to be marked or impressed, any Stamp, Mark or Impression on any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter, not delivered to him under the Authority of the Commissioners of Stamps, or of knowingly having in his or her Possession any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter as aforesaid, unlawfully or fraudulently stamped or marked contrary to any of the Purposes or Regulations contained in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts relating to theStamp Duties in Ireland, then and in each and every or any of the said cases it shall and may be lawful to and for premises may be such Justice by Warrant under his Hand to cause the Dwelling entered and House, Room, Work Shop, Out House or other Building, Yard,

* Garden or other Place belonging to such suspected Person or

Persons, or where any such Person or Persons shall be suspected to carry on any such marking or counterfeiting, or to secrete any such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, or any such Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter, or any of the Macliinery necessary or applicable for or to the making any such Impression as aforesaid, to be searched for any such Type, Die, Mark, Stamp, Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Machinery or other matter or thine whatsoever 5 and if any of the said several matters and things shall be found in any Place so searched, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons whomsoever, not having the same by some lawful Authority, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so finding the same, to seize, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to seize the same respectively, and to carry the same forth with to the Justice by whom such Warrant shall be granted, or to any other Justice of the Peace of the County, City, Diflrid or Place where the same shall be seized, who shall cause the same to be secured and produced in Evidence against any Person or Persons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid, in some Court of Justice proper for the Determination thereof, and afterwards all and every the said matters and things so seized, whether so produced in Evidence or not, shall by Order of the Court where such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, or by Order of some Justice of the Peace, in case there shall be so such Trial, be defaced or destroyed, or otherwise disposed of, as such Court or such Justice shall direct.

V«Uum, Sec. to XL. And be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment and tore ev nited* whereon any of the matters or things in respect whereof any

A.D.iaie.

56° GEO.nr.

C. 56.

165

Stamp Duty shall be then payable, shall be engro/Ted or written, shall previous to such engrossing or writing be stamped and marked with the proper Marks or Stamps to denote the Payment of the proper Duty thereon respectively, and the Commissioners of Stamps and their Officers are hereby required upon Demand of any Person or Perfims bringing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the Stamp Office in DubRmt forthwith without any Fee or Reward to damp or mark the lame with any of the Stamps or Marks which shall be then used at the said Office, and which such Person shall require, (five and except such Marks or Stamps as shall be then confined as hereinafter mentioned, to be imprefied only on Paper, having the Water Mark of the said Stamp Office, ) such Person or Persons paying to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed in that Behalf the reipe&ive Duties which they shall require to have so damped or marked on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so brought by him, her or them.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner of Stamps or any Officer of the Commissioners of Stamps shall fix or impress any such Mark or Stamp to or upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be brought to the Stamp Office aforesaid to be damped or marked, before the Duty or Duties denoted thereby shall be duly answered or paid, (or duly secured to be paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in such cases where such Security may by Law be taken), every such Commissioner of Stamps or Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall also be answerable for all and every such Duty as if such Commissioner or Officer had duly received such Duty or Duties, and shall for that Purpose be deemed and taken to have received the same.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where, under or by the Provisions of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, any Stamps shall at any time be or become inapplicable to or in-fumcient for the Purposes for which the same were intended, then and whenever it shall lo happen, it shall be lawful for the said Com-nuffioners, or any of them, upon Request of any Person or Persons producing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper stamped with such Stamp or Stamps, to order, if they shall think proper so to do, that such Vellum, Parchment or Paper be stamped with any new or additional or other Stamp or Stamps, denoting such Duties as the Person or Persons requeuing the same shall require, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be given paying the Difference in Amount (if any) between the Stamps which shall nave been fir(t imperiled or marked on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and such Stamps as shall be so required to be impressed or marked on the same.

XLI 11. And be it further enacted, That upon Proof on Oath or (blemn Affirmation (if by a Quaker) made before the said Commissioners, or any of them, or before any inferior Officer by them in that Behalf appointed, (and which Oath or Affirmation such Officer is hereby empowered to administer, ) to the Satisfaction of Inch Commissioner or Officer, that any Deed or Instrument written or printed upon any stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, hath not been executed or signed by any Party or Parties, or that such Vellum, Parchment or Paper hath not been used for any of the Purposes for

M 3 which

Fixing Sumpf' before Duty paid or duly fe cured.

Penalty.

Stamps becoming inapplicable may be stamped with new or additional Stamp* on Difference being paid.

Stamps fpoijed from being wriu ten upon and not used may be exchanged for others, Oath being made to certain Particulars.

C.K.

$6* <Sfflo.in.

A.D. 1

w»

UntU Par chare, Money inv efted

in Government Securities.

Application of Corapen&tion if left than sool and equal to and exceeding aol.

Application of Compensation if left than aoL

In case of not making out Tides.

and in the same manner as the Lands, Tenements or Heiedhan which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood fi or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Co ance and Settlement ishall be existing, undetermined, and capafc taking Effect; and in the mean time and until ftrch Pnrchafe be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court, Application thereto, be in veiled by the said Accountant Gena -his Name, in the Pnrchafe of Government Securities $ and is mean time, and until the said Government Securities shall be or! by the fjud Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the 1 dends and annual Produce of such Government Securities (hill I time to time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Perfot Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditame so directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such f chafe or Settlement were made.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further onacted, That if ai Money so agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Herd aments, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, a belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons m any Difebility or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be left than the Si of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Si of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at t Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to t Rents and Profits of die Lands, Tenements or Hereditament] purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Gu diant, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respecttve Hands, paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Inin and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be appk in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be pal at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Pd or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said DU -torsof Inland Navigation in Ireland (such Nomination and Ajj bation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the Domini and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and Dividends anfing thereon, may be applied in any maaser hen before directed, so for as the case may be applicable, without taming or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbl of the Court of Chancery.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That* such Money so agreed to be paid as next before mentioned (hsl less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lai Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for Purposes of this Act; or in case of Infancy, Idiotoy or Lui then such Money shall be paid to his, her or their Guaidia Guardians, Committee or Committee, to and for the Use and Ba of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Perfo* Persons who shall have agreed to receive any Sum or Small Money for the Porchafe of any Lands, Tenement* or JHexci

jLD.lSlt 36° GEO. I1L C.54.

ant* V k pwchafed by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept ball not be able to make a good Title to the Premiiea ttfkSx&bon of the said Directort, then and in every such case Ml sad may be lawful to and for the said Directors to order such am er Sum of Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland\ in with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Jffc Coart of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit a the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Heredit-iwti \defMmg /hew], subject to the Order, Controul and Dif-fs&bou of the bid Court of Chancery; which laid Court of Chancery, on the Abdication of any Person or Persons making Claim to fact Sam or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or .Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Pftweeding, or otherwise, as to the same Court shall feeip meet, to order the bune to be laid oat and invested in the Public Fuads, and to order Distribut^on thereof, or Payment of the Divi* <kndi thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title cr Intertffc of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make Codh other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall (tern jo& sod leafcxnble; and the Caftuer or Cashiers of the Bank of Irdtad, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sams of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Vie the boe is or are received, to such Person or Persons as ih^ll pay any inch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XX Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Questkm shall wife touching the Title of any Person to auy Money to he pad mo the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with tlje Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, \n purfuaoce of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenj-meotf, or HeruhUaeots, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pur-luance of this Act, or to any Government Securities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Government Securities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pqieflkw of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of inch Purchase, and aft Persons claiming under such Per-ioo oc Pcrim, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, full be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuqh Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said High Court «f Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of such Government Securities, and also the Capital of such Government Securities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly; unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Pofleiioc, and that some other Person or Persons was or were uw-fcHy entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to im Estate or Interest therein.

XXL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by raksd any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpoodoo, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pvchafed under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money hi he same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Qmajf and to be applied to the Purchase of other Lands, La*' ' Tenements

147

Purchafii Money paU into Bank of Ireland,

subjectto Order of the Court el Chancery on Motion, fee.

In what cases on

Questiou touching Title to Money to be paid, the Persons who shall be'm Possession of the Lands, &c at the time of such Purchase, deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession.

Court ff Chancery may otdsjr Expences of Purchases to be pud by Trustoes,

148 C. 53, 56. 36° GEO. III A.D. 1

Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in Tuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid bj laid Directors out of the Monies to be received by virtue of Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money fori , Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

General Issue. XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person M M, 'sued or impleaded for or by reason of any thing done under <m

virtue of any Powers given by this Act, or under or by virtu .any Rule, Order, Regulation, or Bye Law, made or hereafter ti made by the said Directors as aforesaid, such Person may plead .General IlTue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence.

CAP. LVL

An Act to repeal the several Stamp Duties in Ireland and al 1 several Acts for the Collection and Management of the (a Duties, and to grant new Stamp Duties in lieu thexeo and to make more ef&ftoal Regulations for collecting a managing the said Duties. [20th June i8i(

55G.3«€*7*« 4 TT THE RE AS an Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year '* W His prefen tMajesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal I

several Duties under ihe Cart of tie Commtfftoneri for managing i 4 Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in Be* there.a

55 G. 3. c 79.*And Whereas another Act was passed in the said Year, intituj

An Act to regulate the Collection and Management of the Sta

Duties on Law Proceedings, Attornies, Solicitors, Prodon, a 4 Corporate Officers in Ireland: And Whereas another Act «

SS 0.3* c.81.«passed in the said Year, intituled An Act to repeal the several A

4for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties in Ireland, a 4 to mate more effeSuaI Regulations for colleSing and managing t 4 said Duties in general: And Whereas it is expedient that thefi < recited Acts mould be repealed, and that other and nacreal ' Duties of Stamps Should be granted in lieu of the Duties afoi

said, and that the Regulations hereinafter contained Aonld I'' established for the Collection and Management of all Stamp Duti '1 in Ireland: 9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may1'enacted; and be it enacted by The Kang's Most Excellent Maiefl

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual a Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, a Recited Act* by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Commcx

repealed. ment of this Act, the said recited Acts, and all Duties by the tl

Acts, or any of them, granted or imposed, and all Allowances respect of the said Duties, and all Regulations contained in the fa Acts for collecting Or enforcing of the said Duties, or any of the except as to the shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except so I Recovery of aB t]je AftB, or any of them, repeal any former Act or Acts

A^eala*ftc, Parliament, or any Clause, matter or4fnng therein contained; a

<.'save as to the rafsing, recovering, allowing or paying, after t

- pl.> Commencement of Ate Act, of any Arrears of Duty or ABowan<

under the said Acts, Or iny of them, or any other Act or Acts'Parliament which (halt then reiham uxlrepealed; and five a* to a

..« > ., _ Pi

59 GEO.IIL

Ci 66ik

149.

{cooDeoced or to be commenced in any Court, Civil or. l<r otherwise, against any Person or Persons for any Fine, t Forfeiture or Poniihment for or in respect of any Crime n committed or to be committed, before the Commence--Irf da A d, againfL the said A 6b, or any of them, or any tAd or Acts of Parliament in anywise relating to the CoL-L -r Muagcmeot of Stamp Duties, which, if committed after mracement of this Act, would under the Provisions thereof, such ocher Act or Acts as aforesaid, . subject the Offender to t or a greater Fine, Forfeiture, Penalty or Punishment re-

A*d be it further enacted, That from and after the Com- Duties fpncbW* t of this Act, in lieu and inffead of the Duties and Allow- " Schedule in-Bn by tbs Ad repealed, these shall be granted, raffect, levied, "jjj IpBeded and paid, in Irelandunto his Majesty, his Heirs and Allowances 'wxdfcw, for and in respect of the several Instrumenta, Articles, thwsui described ©ttrn and dungs mentioned, enumerated and described in the mad*

Schedule to this Act annexed, the fereral Sums of Money and Duties p they are respectvely inserted, described and set forth in Words tad Figures in the said Schedule, and in each and every Part thereof tad that there shall be allowed and paid for or in respect of all such-Artkks, maittm or things as are inserted, enumerated and described in the said Schedule in that Behalf, the several Allowances inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule y and that no Sum or Sums of Money fall'be paid or given in the nature of Discount or.

Allowance on the Purchase of Stamps, .other than such as is and are expteffed and dirtded in the said Schedule, any thing in any former Act or Mi to the contrary notwithstandingand that the said Schedule sod erery Chase, Regulation, matter and thing therein respedridy contained, fall be deemed, .taken and coufidered as Part of this M.

Ill- Avrided siwars, . and be. it enacted, That in all cases where* Bonds,c. now-any Bond, Receipt, Deed, or Inffruxnent of any Nature or Kind from

whatever, is exprcfcly exempted from any Stamp Duty, by any Ad z!?ptl7?y to or Acts is force it the time of the passing of this Act, and not*ex prefif repealed by this Act or any other Act, every such Bond,

Recrift, Deed or loftroment shall remain so exempted, and shall hoc be dnrged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty in this Act or the Schedule thereto axuexed, any thing in tnis Ad or in the said Schedule to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Al- Duties under howancei by this Act and the Schedule thereto annexed granted and Management of made payable fall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commiifiooers of Stamps in Ireland, for the time being; and*"

that the hid Duties, and all other Duties which shall from time to time be under the Care of the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland^. fail be denominated and be deemed and takes to be Stamp Duties*

Y. And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Allowances Duties paid in by tin Ad granted and made payable, and all Stamp Duties, which British Cur-^Mbe horn time to time payable in frelandi and as to which it f&all "ncy» elCi£l kexprefily otherwise provided, shall be paid and payable ac- 6^ or between cor&g to the Amount thereof in British Currency, except only such 6d. and is. of the iff Duties as are under the Sum of Sixpence, or between the Sam of Sixpence and the Sum of One Shilling j and which laid Duj-'*L 3 t tien

56° GEO.IIL

A.D. 1816.

Persons not authorized, making or using Paper marked with the Word* " Stamp Office,* &c.

or assisting,

Felony.

Writing to cover the Sumps that they may not be applicable to any other Deed.

" Stamp Office, " either alone or with such Figures as the said Commissioners shall from time to time think proper, shall be visible in the Substance of such Paper, and to cause such Paper to be made by such Person or Persons as shall be for that Purpose authorized and appointed by the said Commissioners under Hand and Seal.

LI1. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not being an Officer, Workman, Servant or Agent for the time being of the said Commissioners of Stamps, and authorized and appointed by them for that Purpose and for their Use only, shall make or use, or cause or procure to be made or used, or knowingly aid or assist in making or using, or, without being authorized ana appointed as aforesaid, flail knowingly have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, with* out lawful Excufie, the Proof whereof shall be on the Person sccused, any Frame, Mould or Instrument for the making of Paper in the Substance whereof the Words <* Stamp Office, " or the greater Part of such Words wonld be visible, or ra the Substance whereof any Device or Distinction would be visible peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of the Paper which shall from time to time be used by the Commissioners of Stamps as aforesaid; or shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or assist in making any Paper in ike Substance whereof there shall be visible the said Words* Stamp Office, " or the greater Part of such Words, or any such Device or Distinction peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of the Paper which shall be (b used by the said Commissioners of Stamps; or if any Person, not being authorized or appointed as aforesaid, shall knowingly have in his or her Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall be on die Person accused, any Paper whatsoever in the Substance whereof there shall be visible the Words " Stamp Office, " or the greater Part of such Words, or any Device or Distinction peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of Paper so from time to time nfed by the said Commissioners9or if any Person, not being authorized or appointed as aforesaid, shall by any Art, Device, Mystery or Contrivance cause or procure, or knowingly aid or assist in causing or procuring to appear in the Snb-ftance of any Paper whatsoever the Words u Stamp Office, " or the greater Part of such Words, or any such Device or Di&indtioa peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of the Paper which shall be so used by the said Commissioners of Stamps, every Person so offending in any of the said cases, and being thereof lawfuBjr ceo-visted, mall for such Offence be adjudged a Felon, and (hull be transported for the term of his ov her Life.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That al matter* and things in respect whereof any of the said Stamp Duties shall be payable, flail be written or printed or written and printed in such manner (asd if printed or written in Part or entirely before being stamped mall be lo stamped) that some Part of the Writing or Printing thereof shall be on the Stamps or Marks which shall in pursuance of any Act or AAs then in force he placed on the VeHum or Parchment or Paper thereof and such Writing or Printing shall from thence be (o continued in the usual Form of writing, printing or engrafting Deeds or Writings, to that no blank Space shall be left whereby such Stumps might be made applicable to any other Deed or Instrument whatsoever, upon Pain that the Person who shall £0 write, engvofs or print or stamp, or cause to be written, engrafted or printed or stamped,

15 any

A.D. 1S16.

56° GEO. III.

C.56.

171

any Inch Wilting, matter or thing contrary to the true Intent and meaning hereof, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Penalty.

Pounds.

LTV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Com- Payment of Sal-rocnrrment of this Act, no Public Officer shall in any case be enti-» PuWif tied to or be allowed Credit in Account either by the Commissioners of OV3 or Military Accounts, or in any other way, or on any Occa- Cpip^rapad fm whatsoever, for aoy Sum or Sums whatsoever at paid to or for lie Use of any Public Officer, Servant or Pensioner, for or on account of any Salary, Profit, Emolument, Fee, Reward or Pension, ankb such Payment shall be vouched by a Receipt for the same duly fiamped, where a Stamp shall be required by Law.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Playing Cards or Dice Cards and Dice shall be uttered, vended, fold or exposed to Sale, or played with, exfof^jto Sale or shall be kept by any Person with Intent to utter, vend, fell or y

expose to Sale, or play with the same, which shall not be duly foaled, marked and Ramped respectively, according to Law, upon Pata that every Person who shall utter, vend, sell or expose to Sale, or knowingly play with, or have in Ids or her Poffefion with Intent to totter, vend, fell or play with the same, any such Cards or Dice which shall not be Co foaled, marked or damped, shall forfeit for every such Pack of Cards, or for every such Die so uttered, vended, fold or exposed to Safe, or played with, or so in his or her Possession with Intent to utter, vend, fell or play with the same, the Sum of Five Penalty. Pounds.

LV I. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall engcofe, Person* not to write or print, or cause to be engrofied, . written or printed, or partly eogroO, or have written and partly printed upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper,n t^IIAPoffef" any Infirumeut, Writing or thing for which such VeUum, Parch- w^Q^t t^*eot* meat or Paper ought, according to the Laws which shall be then in proper Sumps, force, to have a Stamp or Mark denoting the Payment of any Stamp Duty, or shall utter, tfsue, accept, receive or knowingly have in his or her Possession, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, having such Instrument, Writing, matter or thing engrofied, written or printed, or partly written and partly printed thereon, fitch Vellum, Parchment or Paper being then not duly marked or damped with such Mark or Stamp, as mall be by Law required for such Instrumeot,

Writings matter or thing, at the time of so engrofsing, writing or

printing the same, or being marked or damped for any lower Duty or

Duties than the Duty or Duties which (haul be then by Law payable

thereon in respect of the matter or thing so engrofied, wntten.or printed

thereon, or bring marked or damped with any Mark or Stamp which

shall have been previously used for any other Purpose, such Person so

offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Penalty.

Pounds; and in case any Person or Persons shall at any time file or Law Proceedings

cause to be filed in any Court of Law or Equity any Pleacting, to be filed

Affidavit or other Proceeding, matter or thing whatsoever, in respect without the

whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable, and there shall not rroper tamp8'

be any tune exprefely allowed by Law for damping the same after the

filing thereof and that finch Pleacting, Affidavit, Proceedings matter

or thing shall not at the time of filing thereof be duly damped, then

and in every such case every Person who shall so file the same, or cause

the same to be filed, and also every Officer of such Court who shall

receive the same, 1 flail far every such Offence forfeit the Sum of

Twenty

66° GEO. in.

A.D. 1816.

Forging Stamps, or fraudulently using them, &c.

Election to buy the same of the Officers or Persons to be employed by the said Commissionera at the usual Rates above the said Duty, or to bring their own Vellumy Parchment and Paper to be stamped as aforesaid, or to fumifti themselves from others who shall be legally entitled to utter, vend or fell the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of any of the Dominions thereto belonging, shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, to resemble or represent, or be mistaken for any Type, Dye, Mark or Stamp at any time heretofore kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or uled at the Sump Office in Dublin, for deimting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Papor, or other matter directed to be stamped, any of the Stamp Duties payable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts which has been or Audi be at any time in force in Ireland, although such Act or Acts may not be in force, or such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp may not be Kept or used at the said Stamp Office at the time of such forging or counterfeiting; or if any Person or Persons save and except such Person or Persons as (nail be lawfully entitled and authorized to have and to use the same for the Purpose of damping Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter directed to be stamped by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being) shall have in his, her or their Possession, any Type, Die or Mark or Stamp made to resemble or represent, or be mistaken for any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp heretofore kept or ufod, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said Stamp Office, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter directed to be damped, any of the said Stamp Duties so payable as aforesaid, although such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, shall not be then kept or used at the said Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby shall not be then payable in Ireland; or if any Person or Persons shall mark or impress, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter which heretofore was or hereafter shall be directed to be damped, any Device, Mark or Impression to resemble or represent, or be mistaken for any Device, Mark or Impression which has been or shall be used, kept or made, marked er impressed at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking oa Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter or thing so directed to be stamped, any of the said Sump Dudes so payable under or by virtue of any Act of Parliament which shall be or shall have been in force in Ireland at or before the time when such Mark, Device or Impression shall have been so used, kept or made, marked or impressed, at the said Office, although such Act or Acts may not be in force, or such Device, Mark or Impression may not be used or kept, marked or impressed at the said Office, at the time of such Offence committed; or if any Person or Persons shall use, utter, vend or fell, or cause to be used, uttered, vended or sold, or shall have in his or her Possession, with Intent to use, utter, vend or fell the same, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter, with any counterfeit Device, Mark or Impression thereon, to resemble or represent, or be mistaken for any Device, Mark or Impression which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforesaid for the

Purposes

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

163

Purposei aforesaid, or any of them, although not then used or kept for die fad Purposes, or any of them, or although the Duty denoted thereby shall not be then payable in Ireland, knowing such Device,

Mark or Impression to be counterfeited, or if any Officer or Officers in the Employment of the Commissioners of Stamps, or any other Person or Persons whatever, shall with Intentto defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, mark or impress, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed, or be aiding, abetting or assisting in marking or impressing, or in causing or procuring to be marked or impressed any Stamp, Mark or Impression, denoting any of the said Stamp Duties on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter directed to be damped, not delivered to him or them by or by the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the Purpose of being damped with any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any of the said Stamp Duties so payable under or by virtue of any A&L of Parliament, although such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp shall not be then kept at the said Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby (Kail not be then payable, in Ireland; or if any Person or Persons shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, knowingly have in his, her or their Possession any Vellum,

Parchment or Paper, or other matter required to be damped, so fraudulently damped or marked with any Mark or Stamp to denote any of the aforesaid Duties, then and in every of the said cases, any Felony, and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, mall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for JLife.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Licensed Per-Vellum, Parchment or Paper shall at any time be found in the fans havingcoun-Possession of any Person licensed to deal in and retail Stamps in m

Ireland, or who shall have been so licensed within Six Calendar to tjJelon months then next preceding, having impressed thereon any coun* penalties of terfeit Device, Mark or Impression to resemble or repreient, or vending forged intended or liable to be mistaken for any Device, Mark or Im- Stamps, unlefa it preifion which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp Proved that Office aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, although such Device, Mark or Impression shall not then be used or kept for stamp Office, or the said Purposes, or any of them, or although the Duty denoted offomeDiftri-thereby shall not be then payable in Ireland, then and in every blKor* such case the Person in whole Possession such Vellum, Parchment or Paper shall be so found shall be deemed and taken to have so had the same in his or her Possession with Intent to use, utter or vend the lame with such counterfeit Device, Mark or Impression thereon, unlefa the contrary shall be iatisfa&orily proved, and shall also be deemed and taken to have had such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so in his or her Possession, knowing the Stamps, Devices,

Marks or Impressions thereon to be forged, false and counterfeited, and such Person shall be liable to all Penalties apd Punishments by Law imposed or in Aided upon Persons using, uttering or vending false, forged or counterfeit Stamps, or having such false, ' forged or counterfeit Stamps in their Possession, knowing the same to be forg?<f, uolefs such Person shall in all cases satisfadorily prove that such Vellum, Parchment and P, and the Stamps thereon, was

or

164

C. sa.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

having forged Dies or Sumps, &c. may be fevched.

or were procured by or for such Person at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or from some Distributor of Stamps in Ireland.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That on Complaint made Irvine forced ° before any 0"e Justice of the Peace upon the Oath of One credible V Witness, that there is just cause to suspect any One or more Person

or Persons of being or having been concerned in making any false or counterfeit Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, or of unlawfully having any such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp in his or her Possession, or of unlawfully marking or impressing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with any such Device, Mark or Impression, or of unlawfully having in his or her Possession, any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter with any counterfeit Device, Mark or Impression thereon, or of unlawfully or fraudulently marking or impressing, or causing or procuring to be marked or impressed, or of aiding, abetting or assisting in marking or impressing, or in causing or procuring to be marked or impressed, any Stamp, Mark or Im-pression on any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter, not delivered to him under the Authority of the Commissioners of Stamps, or of knowingly having in his or her Possession any Velbun, Parchment, Paper or other matter as aforesaid, unlawfully or fraudulently damped or marked contrary to any of the Purposes or Regulations contained in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland\ then and in each and every or any of the said cases it shall and may be lawful to and for PremUei may be such Justice by Warrant under his Hand to cause the Dwelling

entered and torched.

Vellum, &c to be damped before engrafted.

House, Room, Work Shop, Out House or other Building, Yard, Garden or other Place belonging to such suspected Person or Persons, or where any such Person or Persons shall be suspected to carry on any such marking or counterfeiting, or to secrete any such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, or any such Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter, or any of the Macliinery necessary or applicable for or to the making any such Impression as aforesaid, to be searched for any such Type, Die, Mark, Stamp, Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Machinery or other matter or thing whatsoever; and if any of the said several matters and things shall be found in any Place so searched, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons whomsoever, not having the same by some lawful Authority, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons lb finding the same, to seize, and he and they is and arc hereby authorized and required to seize the same respectively, and to carry the same forthwith to the Justice by whom such Warrant shall be granted, or to any other Justice of the Peace of the County, City, JDiftri& or Place where the same shall be seized, who shall cause the same to be secured and produced in Evidence against any Person or Persons who shall or may be prosecuted for anr of the Offences aforesaid, in some Court of Justice proper for the Determination thereof, and afterwards all and every the said matters and things To seized, whether so produced in Evidence or not, shall by Order of the Court where such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, or by Order of some Justice of the Peace, in case there shall be no such Trial, be defaced or destroyed, or otherwise disposed of, »such Court or such Justice shall direct.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment and Paper. whereon any of the matters or things in respect whereof any

Stamp

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. lit.

C. 56*

165

Stamp Duty shall be then payable, shall be engrossed or written, shall previous to (iich engrossing or writing be stamped and marked with the proper Marks or Stamps to denote the Payment of the proper Duty thereon respectively, and the Commissioners of Stamps and their Officers are hereby required upon Demand of any Person or Persong bringing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the Stamp Office in Dubli*9 forthwith without any Fee or Reward to damp or mark the same with any of the Stamps or Marks which shall be then used at the said Office, and which such Person shall require,

(fare and except such Marks or Stamps as shall be then confined as hereinafter mentioned, to be impressed only on Paper, having the Water Mark of the said Stamp Office, ) such Person or Persons paying to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed in that Behalf the mpe&ive Duties which they shall require to have so damped or marked on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so brought by him, her or them.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner of Firing Stamps*Stamps or any Officer of the Commissioners of Stamps shall fix or before Duty paid impress any such Mark or Stamp to or upon any Vellum, Parchment*du, T denied, or Paper which shall be brought to the Stamp Office aforesaid to be damped or marked, before the Duty or Duties denoted thereby shall be duly answered or paid, (or duly secured to be paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in such cases where such Security may by Law be taken!, every such Commissioner of Stamps or Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty. Pounds, and shall also be answerable for all and every such Duty as if such Commissioner or Officer had duly received such Duty or Duties, and shall for that Purpose be deemed and taken to have received the {ante.

XLIL And be it further exuded. That in all cases where, under Stamm becoming or by the Provisions of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, inapplicable miy any Stamps shall at any time be or become inapplicable to or in* be damped whh fumdent for the Purposes for which the same were intended, then snrnm on and whenever it shall to happen, it shall be lawful for the said Com- ference being nrissioners, or any of them, upon Request of any Person or Persons paid, producing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper damped with such Stamp or Stamps, to order, if they shall think proper so to do, that inch Vellum, Parchment or Paper be damped with any new or additional Or other Stamp or Stamps, denoting such Duties as the Person or Persons requelling the lame shall require, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be given paying the Difference in Amount (if any) between the Stamps which shall nave been fird impressed or marked on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and such Stamps as shall be so required to be impressed or marked on the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Proof on Oath or Stamps fpoijed (oleum Affirmation (if by a Quaker) made before the said Com- froro being writ-nrissioners, or any of them, or before any inferior Officer by them ten upon and not in that Behalf appointed, (and which Oath or Affirmation such ching^yfor Officer is hereby empowered to radminider, ) to the Satisfaction of others, Oath Inch Commissioner or Officer, that any Deed or Indrument written being made to or printed upon any damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, hath not certain Putlr been executed or signed by any Party or Parties, or that such Vellum, culan* Parchment, or Paper hath not been used for any of the Purposes for

M 3 which

ioo

L, .

UJC<U. III.

a.i; . 1010.

Proviso as to time within which Paper, &c-to be brought to Commit fiooers.

Proviso.

Relief for Stamps on In* ftruments found to be void, &c.

which the same was or were intended, and that the Person making such Affidavit or Affirmation hath not, nor hath any other Person on his Account, received, and that such Person will not receive any Money or other Consideration for the Stamp thereupon, and that the said Stamp or Stamps is or are really and truly the Property of the Person making such Affidavit, and have or hath been paid for by such Person to the full Amount of the Duty thereon, and that such Person will be a Loser to such Amount unless such Person shall receive other Stamps in lieu thereof; and upon the Person or Persons who shall produce such Proof delivering such damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper rendered unfit for Use as aforesaid, and delivering at the same time a like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper to be damped, then and in every such case the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be damped or marked with the several and respective Duties damped, marked or impressed on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper so rendered unfit for Use, or with any other Duties which may be required, the Person so requiring the same fird paying the Difference of the Amount

iif any): Provided always, that such Vellum, Parchment or Paper o damped, shall be brought to the Commissioners of Stamps at the Stamp Office in Dublin within Six Calendar months next after the same shall have been so engrossed or written upon, if the same shall belong to any Person or Persons resident in Dublin, or within Ten Miles of the Cadle of Dublin, or within Twelve Calendar months after the same shall have been so engrossed or written upon, if such Stamps shall belong to Persons resident elsewhere: Provided also, that the said Commissioners, or any Officer under their Authority, shall not be required or obliged to impress on any Paper, Parchment or Vellum so brought any Stamp or Mark which mail then be confined to Paper having the Water Mark of the dud Stamp Office.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to cancel and give other Stamps in lieu of any such Stamps as shall have been uled for or upon any Presentations to Ecclesiastical Benefices which shall not be followed by Inditution; or for or upon any Indruments which shall have been ugned by any Party or Psfrties, but which shall have been afterwards found to be absolutely void in Law from the Beginnings or which by reason of any Error or Midake therein shall have been afterwards found unfit for the Purpose originally intended, or which by reason of the Death of any Person whose Signature shall have been necessary thereto without having signed the lame, or by reason of the Refusal of any such Person to sign the lame cannot be compleated so as to effect the Transaction in the Form proposed, or which for want of the Signature of some material and neceffiuy Party shall have in fad become incomplete and insufficient for the Purpose intended, or which by reason of the Refusal of any Person to ad under the same, or by the Refusal or Nonacceptance of any Office or Trud thereby granted shall have failed of their intended Purpose, or which for want of Inrolment within the time required by Law shall have become null and void, or which shall have become useless in consequence of the Transaction therein mentioned being effected by some other Indrument or Indruments duly damped, so that the Indrument for which an Allowance of Stamps shall be

claimed.

fcB'.wit

S6° GEO. III.

C. 56.

I5t

Votoed^ttt xhd distinct from all other Moniei paid or payable to'fiMajefrr, his Hein and Successora, on any Account what* farm; ad that neither the Sixpence ferPound nor any other JtrMberable to or be deducted or received by any Officer or No Fee.

OScers of fcs Mrie&y's Treasury for or on account of the issuing sr ftyneat of asy Sum or Sums of Money anting by or which shall k received for or on account of any Stamp Duties or of any Pay* seat to he made by the Receiver General of Sump Duties in sooner sforebdd, but that the same shall be received and duly ac- Monty carried counted for to His Maie&y, his Heira and Sncceflors, and all the 10 Consolidated Honey pad into the said Treasury, on the Account of the said Duties, had he carried to and be made Past of the Consolidated laaitflrefarf.

' IXm And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have been or who shall be respectively employed in receiving, col-k&fagor paying say Stamp Duties, (halt exhibit their reipe&ive

Fund of Ireland.

Account! of Duties exhibited to CoumUIiaH

Aeesnb if fwh Duties to the Commissioners for auditing the p"wk Acwunu Pdfic Accounts of Irtknd for the time being, or the major Part rtqu'ue4. of them, when oiled on by them, or any One or more of them, for thottapb; and the said Commissioners of Public Accounts sea ba&y leCpe&zvely authorized and required from time to time to exam* apoi Oath the said Persons who shall be so employed m rafsing, iteming or collecting the said Duties, as to their laid Accounts, and ai to the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been by them, or any of them respectively, raised, collected, or refxxvedwtka the time of such their Accounts, and likewise what Part, thereof yihave been by them, or any of them, paid to the Reeesvtr Garni, or into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in /reW, nd* vba times respectively 3 and in accounting before Vouchers to bo the tied Conuaifiogen of Public Accounts, the said Persons shall produced, produce proper Vouchers for any Sum or Sum9 of Money by them received aid raid; and the said Commissioners of Public Accounts, or then^orftrtof them, are hereby authorized and required finally to aadsadfettle such Accounts 3 which said Accounts, when to Accounts signed audited ad settled, shall be signed by the said Commissioners of by Com million -PnWkAconti, or the major Part of them, and shall be at all times, er* of Public to the O&cm therein concerned, a full and sufficient Warrant and Accounts a Dif-DtTcharge to 2O latent! and Purposes, according to the true Intent, cn*r8<*

Measwg ad Import thereof respectively.

XXVIII, And be it further enacted, That the Types, Marks The Type* and and Stamps winch are already kept or used for denoting and marking Sumps now or on Veftnn, Parchment, and Paper, or on Playing Cards or on Dice, to*

the fowl and respective Duties heretofore granted, or any of them, -

or wW shall hereafter be kept or used at the Sump Office in denoting the' Ddb, for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, Duties, shall be or 01 Playing Cards or on Dice, the several and respective Stamp lawful Drin which shall from time to time be payable thereon respectively,

Vf Lav io Ireland, shall be the only true and lawful Types, Marls

tad Stamps for the damping and impressing of all Vellum, Parch-

am ad Paper, on which any of the several things in respect

thereof any Stamp Duty shall from time to time be payable, have

fci or fall be engrossed or written, and for damping Playing Cards

or Dice according to Law 5 and that if at any time there shall not WhentbertU

J*«7fckTyi*, M«rk «rSump - prtcifcly «nT of tfce

Stamp

168

C.56.

56" GEO-III.

A.D. 1816.

Penalty.

Oil certain Pay. meats made, Instrument* to receive proper Stamp.

Per Com unknowingly using a forged Stamp, proving that it was bought at the Sump Office, Sec. may have the Instrument properly stamped, on making ceruin Payments.

ifave and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Bankers, or other 'erfon or Persona) before such time as the said Vellum, Parchment or Paper hath been or shall be marked or damped with such Mark or Stamp as was or shall be by Law required for the same, or hath or have engrossed or written the same, or caused the lame to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write the same, or cause the lame to be engrossed or written upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper not damped with any Duty, or damped or marked for any lower Duty than the Duty payable at the time, in respect of what hath been or shall be lb engrossed or written thereon, then and in every such case there shall be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Remainder or the whole of the Amount of the Duty (as the case may be) so payable by Law for every such Deed, Infbrument or Writing, and also the Sum of Ten Pounds, provided the same shall be brought to be stamped within the Space of Five Years from the Execution of such Deed, Instrument or Writing, or at any time after the Expiration of such Term of Five Years, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, over and above such Duty, or Remainder of Duty, payable a6 aforesaid; and the proper Officers respectively are hereby required, upon Payment or Tender of such Duty, or Remainder of Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as the case may be, to give a Receipt for the same, and to mark and damp such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Deed, Instrument or Writing respectively.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hath engrossed or written, at any time since the Commencement of any Act for imposing Stamp Duties in Ireland, or shall at any time hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, any of the matters or things for which Vellum, Parchment or Paper, at the time of such Writing or Engrossment was or shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, damped with any forged or counterfeit Stamp or Mark, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons (other than such Person or Persons who shall have engrossed or written or caused to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write or cause to be enproffed or written, any such matter or thing upon any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, damped with atly forged or counterfeit Stamp, knowing such Stamp to be forged or counterfeited, and othe* than such Person who shall have hnpreffed any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or shall have caused the same to be impressed with any such counterfeit.Stamp or Mark, ) to bring such Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the Stamp Office in Dublin, to be damped with the Stamps or Marks denoting the Duty payable by Law thereon, and there shall be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Amount of such Duty so payable by Law, for every such Deed, Instrument or Writing, and also the Sum of Ten Pounds, provided the same shall be brought to be stamped within the Space of Five Years from the Execution of such Deed, Instrument or Writing, or at any time after the Expiration of such Term of Five Yean, the Sum of Twenty Pounds over and above- such Duty so payable as aforesaid; and the proper Officers respectively. are hereby required, upon Payment or Tender of' such Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as the case may be, to give a Receipt for the same, and to mark and damp such Vellum, Parchment or

Piper

AJB.1M6.

s6°geo. m.

C.56.

ISO

Writing os Paper, to not having proper Stamp. Penalty.

When Devices are changed and Notice given, Perfoos having Stamp* in Hand may nave them taken in Exchange within

Meed top 4nM be necetoy, end which after such Notice to kogra&d, written or pointed on any Vellum, Parchment w Apr act narked with any of the said particular Stamp* or to & qpropriated, toll be of no other encd than if the find ( jittn iifjiidliui; had been written or printed on Velhim, Parch-tot v Paper not marked or tonped, although such improper Skapi respectively may be of the Amonat by Law required, or of by grrnur Aanuat; mad all Perfoas who ftudl so write or print by tech Aftkfa, matter or thing on any Paper, Vellum or Parch-tot having any such improper Stamp or Stamp* thereon, toll hear mi teierfbcb Penalty a* they would be liable to in case such Article, attar or thing respectively had been written or printed on Paper, Veto or Parchment, not marked or stamped.

XXXL Provided always, and be h enacted, That a* often a* the Dnioa or Hub afbieuid, or any of them, toll be changed, farird or akaed, it shall be lawful for all Perfbni who toll, at the Tto irfpe&mJy of such Alteration or Change, have in their Custody or Pofleion any Vellum, Parchment or Piper, marked with the Imptrifioa of to Type, Mark or Stamp which toll hate hem Go towed, varied or altered, and upon which none of the nuttasorthopia respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be pay- Four Month*, able, to bate bees engrofied or written, to bring or fend at any tine wito the Space of Four Month* after the Publication of fudn Atottoent at aforesaid, such Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the find Coanjfionew of Stamps, at the Stamp Office in DubUu % or to mv DMntor of Stamps, or to any Petto appointed to act a aTkftnbttor of 8tanps, and thereupon the proper Officer at such Strop Office, mdfoch Distributor or Person appointed to act a* to ttfpeffivdy, to, and he, (he and they it and are hereby required to ddner or caafc to be delivered in lieu thereof, a Quantity of Veto, ftrcianritor Paper, equal to that which shall have beep (o bought or to at aforesaid, with the Impression of such new Type, Mark or Stamp, without demanding or taking directly or toreffiy far the toe any Money or other Coufideration whatsoever, aider tk faulty of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Twisty Posndi, and the said Stamp* or Marks which have been fariwnor ton to in every such case be immediately cancelled; ad fa de my Person toll neglect or omit within the time afore- Alter Period of said to tog or cause to be brought and delivered unto the said Four Month* Conuniffaam or Officers as aforesaid, any such Vellum, Parchment to °M StlinP* or Paper fa naked with any Type, Mark or Stamp, the Use of "t* which to befa discontmued, and which mar he changed, varied or 00 toed for ay new Type, Mark or Stamp, such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with such old or discontinued Stamp, shall be and is hereby declared to be of do other EfFe£fc than if such Vellum, Parchment or Paper fad never been damped, and that all matters and things which flail be enrrofed or written thereon, after such time as toll be appointed by uich Advertisement as aforesaid, for making use of hch new dunged or altered Types, .Marks or Stamps as aforesaid, fad he of do other Effect than it they had been engrofied or written taVdfai, Parchment or Paper, not marked or uamped, and all Piifoa vbo to engroft or write any matter or thing chargeable with ay of the Duties aforesaid, on such Vellum, Parchment or hftr, to the find time, toll incur and foffer such Penalty as is

hevein

Penalty.

360

C.56.

'£6n GEO. IH. '

A.D. 1S16.

Persont evadtnz the Duty to be dill liable, and the Court of Exchequer may enforce Pay- # menu

Rule to fhevr cause granted by Exchequer.

No Deed or Writing to be given in Evidence unlelt stamped with the proper Sump.

Deeds, See. written on a Stamp of a greater Amount, considered as duly stamped:

Except where

herein directed to be inflicted on Persont writ&g or engrossing on Vellum* Parchment or Paper not marked or damped.

XXXII. And be it further enacted* That every Person who hath written* printed* engrossed or executed* or who shall print* write* engraft or execute any Record* Deed* Indrument* Copy* matter or thing in respect whereof any Stamp Duty is or shall be payable upon any Vellum* Parchment or Paper* not duly damped to denote the Payment of such Duty* and also every Person who in any other manner whatsoever is or shall be liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty* and who by any Contrivance* Neglect or Omillion shall have avoided* neglected or omitted to pay any Stamp Duty which* in respect of any Ad* matter or thing heretofore done or caused to be done by him* or hereafter to be done or caused to be -done by hits, shall have been by Law payable to His Maiedy* his Heirs or Suc-cefiors* shall be accountable to His Majercy* his Heirs and Sac* cefiors* for the Amount of such Duty* and such Duty' and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt from such Person to Hu Mriefty, his Heirs and Successors; and that in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the Barons of His Majesty'a Court of Exchcaner in Ireland* upon Application to be made for that Purpose on Behalf of the said Commissioners of Stamps* upon such Affidavit or Affidavits as to the Court may appear sufficient* to grant a Rule requiring such Person or Persons to shew cause why he* (he or they should not deliver to the said Commissioners of Stamps an Account upon Oath of all such Duties so due* and why the same should not be forthwith paid according to Law* and to make any such Rule of Court absolute in every case in which the same may appear to the said Court to be proper and necessary for enforcing the Payment of any of the said Duties* together with such Cods of Proceedings as the said Court shall think proper to award and direct.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Courts of Justice and Judges in Ireland shall without Allegation or Proof in that Behalf take judicial Notice of the several Types* Marks and Stamps heretofore or now kept or used or to be hereafter kept or used as aforesaid* as and for the only true and lawful Types* Marks and Stamps for denoting the Stamp Duties* which from time to time have been or shall be payable in Ireland; and that no Record* Deed* Indrument* Writing or Printing whatever* for which the Vellum, Parchment or Paper* whereon the same is or shall be written or printed* is or shall be* or at the time of writing or printing the Dune was or shall have been by Law chargeable with any Stamp Duty, though such Law has been or shall have been repealed* shall on any Pretence whatsoever be pleaded or given or received in Evidence m any Court in Ireland, or admitted in any Court in Ireland to be good or available in Law or Equity* unless the Vellum* Parchment or Paper* whereon the same hath been or shall be so written or printed* shall be duly marked or damped with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Record* Deed* Indrument or Writing or Printing respectively: Provided always* that if any Deed* Indrument or Writing* shall happen to be executed or written on any Stamp of an Amount greater than the Stamp Duty payable for such respective Deed* indrument or Writing* at the time of the Execution thereof* the same shall be considered as duly damped to all Intents and Purposes* except only in cases where such Record*

Deed*

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 56,

161

Deed, Instrument or Writing, shall be of a kind for which separate and particular Stamps or Marks shall have been provided as aforesaid, in which case the same shall not be considered as duly stamped, for or in respect of having thereon any Stamp to any Amount greater than the Stamp Duty then payable thereon, unless such greater Stamp so impressed thereon shall be One of the Stamps or Marks so appropriated to such kind of Record, Deed, Instrument or Writing.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or on any Occasion whatsoever, in any Court or Courts it shall be alledged by either Party, or if any Judge or Judges of any such Courts shall have any Realon to fufpfed that any Mark or Stamp, Marks or Stamps appearing on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereon shall be written or printed any Record, Deed, Instrument, Writing or Printing, produced before such Court or Courts, is or are or may be fbvved or counterfeited, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Jodge or Judges, and he or they is and are hereby required to make Enquiry thereupon, and to receive thereupon such Information and Evidence on Oath as shall be offered by either Party, or as it shall be within the Power of such Judge or Judges to obtain, and to decide and determine whether such Stamp or Stamps is or are genuine or forged or counterfeited; and such Determination and JDeciliott shall, as to the Purposes of the Trial or Occasion on which the same shall be made, but no further, be final and conclusive.

XXXV* And be it farther enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the time being shall and may from time to time, as they shall fee Occasion, appoint one or more fit Person or Persons* to attend in any Court or Courts, Office or Offices in Ireland, which Person or Persons shall have full Power and Authority to inspect and examine the Vellum, Parchment and Paper, upon which any of the matters or things in respect of which any Stamp Duty shall at any time be payable shall have been engrossed or written or put, and also the Marks or Stamps thereupon, and also all other matters and things tending to secure the Duties which have been or shall from time to time be payable upon damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland; and that the Judges in the several Courts in Ireland, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the Request of the said Commissioners, or of any of them, shall make such Orders in their respective Courts, and do such other matters and things for the better securing of the said Duties as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that Behalf.

XXXVI. And, for the better Distribution of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and in order that all Persons may have the same with Convenience and at an easy Rate, be it enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall, as often as he or they shall think proper, set the Prices at which all Sorts of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper shall be sold; and the said Commissioners of Stamps shall (lamp the Prices so set upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum at Parchment, and on every Piece or Sheet of Paper so by them to be sold; and that the faid- Commissioners shall take special Care that the several Parts of Ireland shall from time to time be fuf-ficiendy fumilhed with such Vellum, Parchment and Paper, damped or marked as aforesaid, so that all Persons may have it in their 56 Gko. III. M Election

separate Stamps are provided.

Courts to determine in cases where Stamps are alledged to be Forgeries.

CommifBonen may appoint fit Persons to attend Count to examine Stamps.

Prices fixed at which Vellum, Parchment and Paper fold, and Persons may cither buy the lame, or bring their own to be Damped.

162

C. 56.

S6° GEO. III.

A.D. 1

Forging Stamps, or fraudulently using them, Ac.

Election to buy the same of the Officers or Persons to be emp by the said Commissioners at the usual Rates above the said ] or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment and Paper to be fb as aforesaid, or to furnish themselves from others who shall be le entitled to utter, vend or fell the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person ii Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and I reload > any of the Dominions thereto belonging, shall counterfeit or f< or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Type, Mark or Stamp, to resemble or represent, or be minaken fot Type, Dye, Mark or Stamp at any time heretofore kept or i or hereafter to be kept or uled at the Stamp Office in Dublin, denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Pa or other matter directed to be stamped, any of the Stamp Di payable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts which hsi been Auul be at any time in force in Ireland, although such or A thay not be in force, or such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp my t be Kept or used at the said Stamp Office at the time of such forgii or counterfeiting; or if any Person or Persons slave and act such Person or Persons aa shall be lawfully entitled and author to have and to use the same' for the Purpose of (tamping Yelk Parchment or Paper, or other matter directed to be stamped by under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps for time being) shall have in his, her or their Possession, any Type, 1 or Mark or Stamp made to resemble or represent, or be miftal for any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp heretofore kept or uH hereafter to be kept or used at the said Stamp Office, for deooti the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Piper, oroti matter directed to be stamped, any of the said Stamp Duties payable as aforesaid, although such Type, Die, Mark or Stan IhaH not be then kept or used at the said Stamp Office, or the Du denoted thereby shall not be then payable in Ireland; or if any Peri or Persons shall mark or impress, or cause or procure to be mark or impressed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matt which heretofore was or hereafter shall be directed to be stampt any Device, Mark or Impression to resemble or represent, or I miitakon for any Device, Mark or Impression which has been < shall be used, kept or made, marked or impressed at the Stan Office in Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking oaVelluc Parchment or Paper, or other matter or thing so directed to 1 stamped, any of the said Stamp Duties so payable under or I virtue of any Act of Parliament which shall be or shall hate been force in Ireland at or before the time when such Mark, Device i Impression shall have been so used, kept or made, marked or ir pressed, at the said Office, although such Act or Acts nay not be force, or such Device, Mark or Impression may not be used or kep marked or impressed at the said Office, at the time of such Offa* committed; or if any Person or Persons shall use, utter, vend or fc or cause to be used, uttered, vended or sold, or shall have in his < her Possession, with Intent to use, utter, vend or fell the same, as Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter, with any counted: Device, Mark or Impression thereon, to resemble or represent, < be miilaken for any Device, Mark or Impression which has b« or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforesaid for tl

Purpoft

A.D. 181&

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

163

Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, although not then used or kept for the fad Purposes, or any of them, or although the Duty denoted thereby shall not be then payable in Ireland, knowing such Device,

Mark or Impression to be counterfeited, or if any Officer or Officers in the Employment of the Commissioners of Stamps, or any other Person or Perloni whatever, shall with Intent'to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, mark or impress, or cause or procure to be marked or imprefied, or be aiding, abetting or assisting in marking or impressing, or in cauiing or procuring to be marked or impressed any Stamp, Mark or Impression, denoting any of the said Stamp Duties on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter directed to be damped, not delivered to him or them by or by the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the Purpose of being damped with any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, which has been or /hail be used, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any of the said Stamp Duties so payable under or by virtue of any A A of Parliament, although such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp shall not be then kept at the said Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby shall not be then payable, in Ireland; or if any Person or Persons shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, knowingly have in his, her or their Possession any Vellum,

Parchment or Paper, or other matter required to be stamped, so fraudulently stamped or marked with any Mark or Stamp to denote any of the aforesaid Duties, then and in every of the said cases, any Felony, and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for Life.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Licensed Per-Vellum, Parchment or Paper shall at any time be found in the son» havingcoun-Po/Teffioo of any Person licensed to deal in and retail Stamps in , n

Ireland, or who shall have been so liceftfed within Six Calendar ijaWetothe*011 months then next preceding, having impressed thereon any coun* Penalties of terfeit Device, Mark or Impression to resemble or represent, or vending forged intended or liable to be mistaken for any Device, Mark or Im- Stamps, unless it pression which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp b* Pro*ed that Office aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, although cu^d*aVther°- such Device, Mark or Impression shall not then be used or kept for stamp Office, or the said Purposes, or any of them, or although the Duty denoted of some DifhU thereby shall not be then payable in Ireland, then and in every bmor* such case the Person in whole Possession such Vellum, Parchment or Paper shall be so found shall be deemed and taken to have so had the same in his or her Possession with Intent to use, utter or vend the same with such counterfeit Device, Mark or Impression thereon, unless the contrary shall be satisfactorily proved, and shall also be deemed and taken to have had such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so in his or her Possession, knowing the Stamps, Devices,

Marks or Impressions thereon to be forged, false and counterfeited, and such Person shall be liable to all Penalties apd Punishments by Law imposed or inflicted upon Persons using, uttering or vending false, forged or counterfeit Stamps, or having such false, forged or counterfeit Stamps in their Possession, knowing the same to be forged, unless such Person shall in all cases satisfactorily prove that fuen Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and the Stamps thereon, was

M2 or

164

C. 56. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 181&

or were procured by or for such Person at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or from some Distributor of Stamps in Ireland.

?°U?rXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That on Complaint made Wi fbreed of before any One Justice of the Peace upon the Oath of One credible Die* or Sumps, Witness, that there is just cause to suspect any One or more Person &c. m*y be or Persons of being or having been concerned in making any false searched. or counterfeit Type, I)ie, Mark or Stamp, or of unlawfully having

any such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp in his or her Possession, or of unlawfully marking or impressing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with any such Device, Mark or Impression, or of unlawfully having in his or her Possession, any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter with any counterfeit Device, Mark or Impression thereon, or of unlawfully or fraudulently marking or impressing, or causing or procuring to be marked or impressed, or of aiding, abetting or assisting in marking or impressing, or in causing or procuring to be marked or impressed, any Stamp, Mark or Impression on any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter, not delivered to him under the Authority of the Commissioncrf of Stamps, or of knowingly having in his or her Possession any VeQrnn, Parchment, Paper or other matter as afobesaid, unlawfully or fraudulently damped or marked contrary to any of the Purposes or Regulations contained in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts relating to the .Stamp Duties in Ireland, then and in each and every or any of the said cases it shall and may be lawful to and for Premises may be such Justice by Warrant under his Hand to cause the Dwelling entu^d and House, Room, Work Shop, Out House or other Building, Yard,

fie*rAe<1, Garden or other Place belonging to such suspected Person or

Persons, or where any such Person or Persons shall be suspected to carry on any such marking or counterfeiting, or to secrete any such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, or any such Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter, or any of the Machinery necessary or applicable for or to the making any such Impression as aforesaid, to be searched for any such Type, Die, Mark, Stamp, Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Machinery or other matter or thing whatsoever; and if any of the said several matters and things shall be found in any Place so searched, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons whomsoever, not having the same by some lawful Authority, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so finding the same, to seize, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to seize the same respectively, and to carry the same forthwith to the Justice by whom such Warrant shall be granted, or to any other Justice of the Peace of the County, City, District or Place where the same shall be seized, who shall cause the same to be secured and produced in Evidence against any Person or Persons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid, in some Court of Justice proper for the Determination thereof, and afterwards all and every the said matters and things so seized, whether so produced in Evidence or not, shall by Order of the Court where such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, or by Order of some Justice of the Peace, in case there shall be no such Trial, be defaced or destroyed, or otherwise disposed of, u such Court or such Justice shall direct.

Vellum, See. to XL. And be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment and tore eoteflVJ* P*Pcr> whereon any of the matters or things in respect whereof any

I

A.D. 1*16.

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

165

Stamp Doty shall be then payable, shall be engrossed or written, shall previous to such engrossing or writing be damped and marked with the proper Marks or Stamps to denote the Payment of the proper Duty thereon respectirely, and the Commissioners of Stamps and their Officers are hereby required upon Demand of any Person or Per£oa$ bringing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the Stamp Office in Dublin, forthwith without any Fee or Reward to damp or mark the same with any of the Stamps or Marks which shall be then used at the said Office, and which such Person shall require, (dive and except such Marks or Stamps as shall be then confined as hereinafter mentioned, to be impressed only on Paper, having the Water Mark of the said Stamp Office, ) such Person or Persons paying to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed in that Behalf the rapedive Duties which they shall require to have so damped or marked on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so brought by him, her or them.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner of Stamps or any Officer of the Commissioners of Stamps shall fix or impress any such Mark or Stamp to or upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be brought to the Stamp Office aforesaid to be damped or marked, before the Duty or Duties denoted thereby shall be duly answered or paid, (or duly secured to be paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in such cases where such Security may by Law be taken 1, every such Commissioner of Stamps or Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall also be answerable for all and every such Duty as if such Commissiooer or Officer had duly received such Duty or Duties, and shall for that Purpose be deemed and taken to nave received the same.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where, under or by the Provisions of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, any Stamps shall at any time be or become inapplicable to or in-diffident for the Purposes for which the same were intended, then and whenever it shall io happen, it shall be lawful for the said Commissionert, or any of them, upon Requed of any Person or Persons producing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper damped with such Stamp or Stamps, to order, if they shall think proper so to do, tint such Vellum, Parchment or Paper be damped with any new or additional or other Stamp or Stamps, denoting such Duties as the Person or Persons requelting the same shall require, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be given paying the Difference in Amount (if any) between the Stamps which shall nave been fird im-prefied or marked on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and such Stamps as shall be so required to be impressed or marked on the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Proof on Oath or (ofemn Affirmation (if by a Quaker) made before the said Commissioners, or any of them, or before any inferior Officer by them in that Behalf appointed, (and which Oath or Affirmation such Officer as hereby empowered to administer, ) to the Satisfaction of such Commissioner or Officer, that any Deed or Indrument written or printed upon any damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, hath not been executed or signed by any Party or Parties, or that such Vellum, J^arehment.or Paper hath not been used for any of the Purposes for*M 3 which

Fixing Scamps*before Duty paid or duly secured.

Penalty.

Stamp* becoming inapplicable may be stamped with new or additional Stamps on Difference being paid.

Sumps fpoijed from being written upon and not used may be exchanged for others. Oath being made to certain Parti* culars.

U. 50.

56° UrJfciU. 111.

A.3J.1

1 t>t>

ProviTo as to time within which Paper, &c.tobe brought to Commit, doners.

Proviso.

Relief for Stamps on Irv-ftruments found to be void. See.

which the same was or were intended, and that the Person ra such Affidavit or Affirmation hath not, nor hath any other P. on his Account, received, and that such Person will not n any Money or other Consideration for the Stamp thereupon, that the said Stamp or Stamps is or are really and truly the perty of the Person making such Affidavit, and have or hath paid for by such Person to the full Amount of the Doty thei and that such Person will be a Loser to such Amount unless Person shall receive other Stamps in lieu thereof; and upon Person or Persons who shall produce such Proof delivering 1 stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper rendered unfit for U£ aforesaid, and delivering at the same time a like Quantity of Veil Parchment or Paper to be Stamped, then and in every such case said Commissioners shall cause the same to be Stamped or marl with the several and respective Duties stamped, marked or i pressed on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper so rendered unfit l Use, or with any other Duties which may be required, the Perfi so requiring the same first paying the Difference of the Amoui

!if any): Provided always, that such Vellum, Parchment or Pape o stamped, shall be brought to the Commissioners of Stamps: the Stamp Office in Dublin within Six Calendar months next afa the same shall have been so engrofied or written upon, if the fiur shall belong to any Person or Persons resident in Dublin, or with Ten Miles of the CafUe of Dublin, or within Twelve Calend> months after the same shall have been so engrofied or written upw if such Stamps shall belong to Persons resident elsewhere: Provide also, that the said Commissioners, or any Officer under their Audio rity, shall not be required or obliged to impress on any Paper Parchment or Vellum so brought any Stamp or Mark which mI then be confined to Paper having the Water Mark of the salt Stamp Office.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may h lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to cancel and give other Stamps in lieu of any such Stamps as shall have been uied for or upon any Presentations to Ecclesiastical Benefices which shall not be followed by Inflitution; or for or upon any InfLruments which Dull have been signed by any Party or Psfrties, but which shall have been afterwards found to be absolutely void in Law from the Beginning, or which by reason of any Error or Mistake therein shall Jure been afterwards found unfit for the Purpose originally intended, or which by reason of the Death of any Person whose Signature shall have been necessary thereto without having signed the lame, or by reason of the Refulal of any such Person to sign the same cannot be coo* pleated so as to effect the Trapfaction in the Form propokd, or which for want of the Signature of some material and necessary Party shall have in fad become incomplete and insufficient far the Purpose intended, or which by reason of the Refuial of any Person to ad under the same, or by the Refusal or Nonacceptance of any Office or Trufl thereby granted shall have failed of their intended Purpose, or which for want of Inrolment within the time required by Law shall have become null and void, or which shall have become useless in consequence of the Transaction therein mentioned being effected by some other Instrument or InfLruments duly damped, so that the Instrument for which an Allowance of Sumps shall be

claimed,

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

167

claimed, in any of the cases aforesaid, shall be delivered up to the

said Commissioners to be cancelled; and provided the Application Time within

for the Relief which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized which Applies-

to give shall be made within Six Calendar months after the Date of "°V"uabe

the Infbmtnent in question, except where the same shall have become nude*

void for want of enrolment within Six Calendar months from the

Date, and in those cases within Six Calendar months next after the

same shall so become void; and except where the same shall have

been sent abroad, and in those cases within Six Calendar months

after the same shall have been received back; and provided no

A&iou shall have been brought or Suit commenced in which such

Instrument could or would have been given or offered in Evidence ;

and provided all the Fads upon which the said Commissioners are

hereby authorised to give Relief shall be duly proved by Oath (or

solemn Affirmation in the case of Quakers) to the Satisfaction of

the said Commissioners.

XL V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sumps nuy be feud Commissioners of Stamps to cancel and give other Stamps in lieu Pvcn in l, cu of all such Stamps as shall have been used for any Bills of Exchange^for

or Promifibry Notes, which shall have been (igned by or on the Behalf cJJin_e of the Drawers thereof, but which shall not have been delivered out Nous not deli-of their Hands to the Payees therein named, or to any Person on veredout,& their Behalf, or deposited with any Person as a Security for the Payment of Money, or any way negoexated, issued or put in Circulation, or made nib of in any other manner whatsoever; and which Bills of Exchange shall not have been accepted by the Drawees, or tendered for such Acceptance, provided that such Bills of Exchange and Promifibry Notes shall be brought for Allowance and be delivered up to the said Commissioners, at their Stamp Office in Dublin, to be cancelled within Six Calendar months next after the Date of such Bills and Notes, or after the signing of the same, if they shall not bear Date; and provided all the Fads upon which die said Commissioners are hereby authorized to give Relief shall be folly proved by Oath (or solemn Affirmation in the case of Quakers) to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Regulations in lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps to make such Rules regard to Allow-and Regulations, and to require Affidavits (or solemn Affirmations , nce for SumP* in the case of Quakers) of all such Fads and Circumstances, in regard to the Allowance of Stamps in all or any of the cases afore- .

said, as they shall in their Discretion judge necessary or expedient for the Purpose of preventing Frauds and Evalions, such Affidavits or Affirmations to be made before the said Commissioners, or any One or mote of them, or before any Officer to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, and such Officers are hereby respedivdy authorized to take the same, and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpose.

XL VII. And be it fort her enacted, That if any Person hath Writing any qweqflcd or written at any time since the Commencement of any Deeds, &c Act for xmpofing Stamp Duties in Ireland, or shall at any time ^ore^hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written upon stamPe*any VeBum, Parchment or Paper any of the matters or things for winch such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, at the time of such Writing or Famiifca nf was or shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty

M 4 (favc

J68

C.56.

56ft GEO. III.

A.D.

Penalty.

Oil certain Pay. merits made, Instruments to receive proper Sump.

Persons unknowingly uling a forged Stamp, proving that it was bought at the Stamp Of. fice, See. may have the Instrument properly stamped, on making certain Pay menu.

Jfave and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Banker*, or 'erfon or Persons) before such time as the said Vellum, Parc or Paper hath been or shall be marked or damped with such Mi Stamp as was or shall be by Law required for the same, or k have engrossed or written the same, or caused the same to be engi or written, or shall engrof9 or write the same, or cause the ia| be engrossed or written upon any Vellum, Parchment or Pape damped with any Duty, or damped or marked for any lower ] than the Duty payable at the time, in respect of what hath bee shall be so engrossed or written thereon, then and in every such there shall be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, Remainder or the whole of the Amount of the Duty (aa the may be) so payable by Law for every such Deed, Indrument Writing, and also the Sum of Ten Pounds, provided the same A be brought to be damped within the Space of Five Yean from I Execution of such Deed, Indrument or Writing, or at any time ail the Expiration of such Term of Five Years, the Sum of Twee Pounds, over and above such Duty, or Remainder of Duty, payab as aforesaid; and the proper Officers respectively are hereby r quired, upon Payment or Tender of such Duty, or Remainder Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as thee; may be, to give a Receipt for the same, and to mark and damp so Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with the Mark or Stamp that shall i proper for such Deed, Indrument or Writing respectively.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person ha engrossed or written, at any time since the Commencement of ai i Act for imposing Stamp Duties in Ireland, or shall at any tie hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, ai of the matters or things for which Vellum, Parchment or Pape at the time of such Writing or Engrossment was or shall be charge able with any Stamp Duty upon any Vellum, Parchment or Papa damped with any forged or counterfeit Stamp or Mark, then and i every such case it shall be lawful for any Person or Persont (othe than such Person or Persons who shall have engrossed or written a caused to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write or cauft to be enproffed or written, any such matter or thing upon any foci Vellum, Parchment or Paper, damped with aity forged or counterfeit Stamp, knowing such Stamp to be forged or counterfeited, and other; than such Person who shall have impressed any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or shall have caused the same to be impressed with any such counterfeit Stamp or Mark, ) to bring such Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the Stamp Office in Dublin, to be damped with the Stamps or Marks denoting the Duty payable by Law thereon, and there shall be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successore, the Amount of such Duty so payable by Law, for every such Deed, Indrument or Writing, and also the Sum of Ten Pound* provided the same shall be brought to be damped within the Space of Fin Years from the Execution of such Deed, Indrument or Writing, or at any time after the Expiration of such Term of Five Yean, the Sum of Twenty Pounds over and above, such Duty so payable as aforesaid; and theproper Officers respectivelyare hereby featured, upon Payment or Tenaer of such Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as the case may be, to give a Receipt for the same, and to mark and damp such Vellum, Parchment or

i

66° GEO. III.

C. 5&

169

Paper with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Deed.

Indrument or Writing respectively; provided also that if it shall be made to appear by Testimony on Oath to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Stamps, that such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, haring any such counterfeit Stamp or Stamps thereon, and whereon aay such matter shall have been to engrafted or written, was bought with such Stamps thereon, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or from aay Distributor or Sub Distributor of Stamps, or from any Person hcensed to fell Stamps, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, if they shall think proper so to do, to order the same respectively to be duly damped with Stamps of the same Description and Amount without the Payment of any Stamp Duty or Penalty whatsoever.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Indrument Instrumenri en-(fave and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Bankers or other 8rofl*cd in*dver-Person or Perioos) shall have been engrafted or written on Parch* tent, y raent, Vellum or Paper, not duly damped, and it shall satisfactorily tomp*

appear to the said Commissioners of Stamps, upon Oath or Affirm- stamp Office ation or otherwise, that the same hath happened either by Accident or within Sixty Inadvertency, or from urgent Necessity or unavoidable Circum- D*y*Commif-dancet, and without any Intention in any Party to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Duty chargeable upon such them to be Instruments, then and in any of the said cases, if such Indruxnent properly shall, within Sixty Days from the Fird Execution thereof, be stamped. brought to thd Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, to be damped, and the Duty chargeable upon such Indrument shall be paid, it shall and may be Lawful for such Commissioners, if they shall think proper so to do, to remit any Penalty payable on damping such Instru-meot or any Part thereof so executed without being damped, and to cause such Indrument to be damped with the proper Stamp; and every Person concerned in engrossing any such Indrument or executing the same /haJi be thereupon exempt from all Penalties on account thereof.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, and they are hereby authorized to damp any Indrument executed out of Ireland, upon Payment of the Stamp Duty which shall be payable thereon at the time when such Deed shall be required to be so damped, without Payment of any Additional Duty or Penalty, within the Space of Six Calendar months from the Fird Execution thereof respectively, in case of the same being so executed in any Part of the United Kingdom, or within the Space of Two Years from the Fird Execution thereof, in case of the same being so executed in any Place out of the United Kingdaom, Proof being fird made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that such Indrument was executed out of Ireland* and in the United Kingdom, or out of the United Kingdom, as the case may be, and within the times aforefitid respectively.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it (had and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland\ if they shall think»so to do, to provide Moulds or Frames for the making of r, to be used for any Indrument or Instruments for which Stamps I be required, and which shall be usually written on Paper, and for which they shall think proper to provide such Paper, and that frich Moulds and Frames shall be so constructed as that the Words

" Stamp

loftruments executed out of Ireltod may be stamped within certain Period*, without Pay* meat of additional Duty.

Commissionen may provide Frame* for making Paper with the Word* " Stamp Office" vifibie in the Substance thereof.

170

C. 56.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.]

Persons not authorised, making or using Paper marked with the Words " Sump Office" dec.

or assisting,

Felony.

Writing to coyer the Sumps that they may not be applicable to any other Deed.

" Stamp Office, " either alone or with such Figure* as thi Commissioners shall from time to time think proper, shall be rid the Substance of such Paper, and to cause such Paper to be by such Person or Persons as shall be for that Purpose authc and appointed by the said Commissioners under Hand and Seal.

LI I. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not an Officer, Workman, Servant or Agent for the time being o said Commissioners of Stamps, and authorised and appointed by for that Purpose and for their Use only, shall make or use, ore or procure to be made or used, or knowingly' aid or assist in ml or ufwg, or, without being authorized and appointed as afore shall knowingly have in his, her or their Custody or Possessioo, i out lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall be on the Person scz\ any Frame, Mould or Instrumeat for the making of Paper in Substance whereof the Words«Stamp Office, " or the greater I of such Words would be visible, or in the Substance whtnvf, Device or Distinction would be visible peculiar to and appearing the Substance of the Paper which shall from time to due be ui by the Commissioners of Stamps as aforesaid; or shall make, or o or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or assist in making a Paper in the Substance whereof there shall be visible the hid Wo <* Stamp Office, " or the greater Part of such Words, or any fi Device or Distinction peculiar to and appearing in the Subfand the Paper which shall be so used by the find Commissioners of Stan] or if any Person, not being authorized or appointed as aforesaid, I knowingly have in his or her Custody or Possession, without law Excuse, the Proof whereof shall be on the Person aceused, a Paper whatsoever in the Substance whereof there shall be visible Words " Stamp Office, " or the greater Part of such Words, ora Device or Distinction peculiar to and appearing in the Substance Paper so from time to time used by the said Commissioom \ or any Person, not being authorized or appointed as aforesaid, shall any Art, Device, Myrftery or Contrivance cause or procure, knowingly aid or assist in causing or procuring to appear in the Su fiance at any Paper whatsoever the Words 44 Stamp Office, " or t greater Part of such Words, or any such Device or Di&io&i peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of the Paper which His be so tried by the said Cocnirnffioners of Stamps, every Moo i offending in any of the said cases, and being thereof fav&fiy cot rifled, shall for such Offence be adjudged a Felon, and (lull \ tran (ported for the term of his ov her Life*

LIII. And be it further enacted, That al matters and things! respect whereof any of the said Stamp Duties shall be payable, so be written or printed or written and printed k such maimer (asd printed or written in Part or entirely before being damped shall li so ft am pod) that forae Part of the Writing or Printing thereof (hi be on the Stamps or Marks which ftutU in pursuance of any Ad o Acts then in force he placed an the Vellum or Parchment or Pipe thereof and such Writing or Printing shah from thence be so conti nued in the ufiud Form of writing, printing or engrafting Deeds c Writings, so that no blank Space shall be left whereby such Stamp might be made applicable to any other Deed or Inftrtunqtt whatfa ever, upon Pain that the Person who shall so write, enmfs orpria or damp, or cause to be written* engrafted or printed or ftunjxd

15 »]

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

171

any such Writing, matter or thing contrary to the true Intent and meaning hereof, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Penalty. Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Com- Payment of Sal-mencenient of this A A, no Public Officer shall in any case be enti- toPuUic tied to or be allowed Credit in Account either by the Commissioners of Civil or Military Accounts, or in any other way, or on any Occa- ceipti!"1* fioa whatsoever, for any Sum or Sums whatsoever as paid to or for the Use of any Public Officer, Servant or Pensioner. for or on account of any Salary, Profit, Emolument, Fee, Reward or Pension, onlefo such Payment shall be vouched by a Receipt for the lame duly fiamped, where a Stamp shall he required by Law.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Playing Cards or Dice Cards and Dice shall be uttered, vended, fold or exposed to Sue, or played with, ex{^V° Sale or shall be kept by any Person with Intent to utter, vend, fell or

expose to Sale, or play with the same, which shall not be duly foaled, marked and damped respectively, according to Law, upon Pain that every Person who shall utter, vend, fell or expofo to Sale, or knowingly play with, or have in Iris or her Possession with Intent to totter, vend, fell or play with the same, any such Cards or Dice which shall not be so foaled, marked or damped, shall forfeit for every such Pack of Cards, or for every such Die so uttered, vended, fold or ex-pofod to Safo, or played with, or so in his or her Possession with Intent to utter, vend, foil or play with the same, the Sum of Five Penalty. Pounds.

L V I. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall engrofo, Persona not to write or print, or cause to be engrossed, . written or printed, or partly eugroG, or haw written and partly printed upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper,n tl*, r PoffeC-any Indrument, Writing or thing for which such Vellum, Parch- tb?* meat or Paper ought, according to the Laws which shall be then in on>pcr stamp*. force, to have a Stamp or Mark denoting the Payment of any Stamp Duty, or shall utter, issue, accept, receive or knowingly have in has or her Possession, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, having such Indrument, Writing, matter or thing engrossed, written or printed, or partly written and partly printed thereon, (rich Vellum, Parchment or Paper being then not duly marked or damped with such Mark or Stamp, as mall be by Law required for such Indrument,

Writing, matter or thing, at the time of so engrossing, writing or

printing the some, or being marked or damped for any lower Duty or

Duties than the Duty or Duties which shall be then by Law payable

thereon in respect of the matter or thing so engrossed, wrttten.or printed

thereon, or being marked or damped with any Mark or Stamp which

shall have been previously ufod for any other Purpofo, such Person so

offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Penalty.

Pounds; and in cafo any Person or Persona Audi at any time file or Law Proceedings

cause to be filed in any Court of Law or Equity any Pleacting, not to be filed

Affidavit or other Proceeding, matter or thing whatsoever, in respect withoutQthc

whereof any Stamp Duty Audi be then payable, and there shall not rroper mp*

be any time exprefrly allowed by Law for damping the some after the

filing thereof and that such Pleacting, Affidavit, Proceedings matter

or thing shall not at the time of filing thereof be duly damped, then

and in every such case every Person who Audi so file the some, or cause

the same to be filed# and also every Officer of such Court who shall

receive the feme#'Uadi for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of

Twenty

m

Penalty.

Officer* entrusted to write Records, &c. defrauding the Revenue.

Penalty.

Such Records, Jcc. when written by ocher Persons than known Officers to pay a certain Sum besides the Duty.'

Officer on Payment, &c. of Duty and 10L to give a Receipt.

C.56. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 1

Twenty Pounds; and in case any Clerk, Officer or other P« who in respect of any Office or Employment is or shall be entit entrusted to make, engross or write any Record, Entry, Deed ftrument or Writing whatsoever, which shall be then chargeable a Stamp Duty under or by virtue of any Act or Acts which be then existing or in force in Ireland, or to issue any Process, t file any Proceedings, or to do any Act in the Execution 0 Office with respect to any Article, matter or thing chargeable any such Duty, shall be guilty of any Fraud, Practice or VA by means whereof His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, may 6 frauded of any such Duty by making, engrafting or writing anyl Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing, or by causing thefi to be made, engrossed or written upon Vellum, Parchment or Fi not duly marked or stamped according to such Laws or La shall be then existing and in force, or upon Vellum, Parchmert Paper marked or stamped with any Mark, Stamp or ImprA which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by engrossing or wdd any such Record, Deed, Instrument or other Writing upon VeUni Parchment or Paper which shall be marked or stamped for a low Duty than the Duty which shall be then by Law payable for t same, or by neglecting to do any thing required by him to be do in the Execution of his Office, or by doing any thing contrary tot Duty of his Office in relation to any Stamp Duty or Duties, tl then and in every such case, such Clerk, Officer or Person so eid of any such Fraud, Practice or Neglect shall, for every such Orcw forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; and if any Record, Entry, Dc Instrument or Writing whatsoever, on which any such Stamp is shall be by Law charged and made payable by any Act or Acts force in Ireland, shall, contrary to the true Intent ind meaning this Act, be written or engrafted by any Person or Perfous whati ever, not being a known Clerk or Officer who.in respect of u Office or Employment is or shall be entitled to the making, writic or engrafting the same upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, d marked or stamped according to Law, or shall be written or engraft upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked or stamped for a low Duty than is by Law payable thereon, (except under the Rule .Regulations ana Directions in this Act contained, ) then and 1 every such case there shall be due and paid to His Majesty, his Hcii and Successors, for every such Deed, Instrument or Writing, o?e and above the Stamp Duty charged and payable thereon by Lav the Sum of Ten Pounds; and no such Entry, Record, Deed, Ii ftrument or Writing shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in an Court, or admitted in any Court, or by any Person, to be goo< useful or available in Law or in Equity, until as well such Stan Duty, as the said Sum of Ten Pounds, shall be first paid to d Use of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and a Receipt pre duced for the; same, under the Hand or Hands of some Omct appointed to receive the Duties of Stamps, nor until the Vellun Parchment or Paper, on which such Record, Entry, Deed or Ii ftrument or Writing shall be written or made, shall be marked < stamped with the proper Stamp or Mark to denote the Duty pi] able thereon; and the proper Officer or Officers are hereby cnjoinc and required, upon Payment or Tender of such Duty and the Sui of Ten Pounds unto him or them, to give a Receipt for the (amt

an'

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

m

and to mark or stamp such Vellum, Parchment or Paper with the Mark or Stamp proper for such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing respectively.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer in any Office in Court or Public Office in Ireland, who shall usually aft in Person in Courti or Offices such matters, and the known Deputy of any Officer who shall not e°8ron8R*-ofually so aft, in whose Office any Pleacting, Affidavit, Proceed- ^n^crfeited isg, matter or thing shall have been received, shall, as to the Pur- Sumpe, deemed poses of this Act, be deemed and taken to have received the same $ to have known and that every Clerk, Officer or other Person as aforesaid, who shall the lame, unlefr make, engross or write, or cause to be made, engrofTed or written, howht^*

any such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing, upon ^starop Office, Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked or stamped with any Mark,c. or Stamp, or Impression which shall be counterfeited, shall, iu any Proceeding for the Recovery of the Penalty in that respect aforesaid, be deemed and taken to have known such Mark, Stamp or Impref-lion to be counterfeited, unless he shall prove that the same was bought at the Stamp Office in Duhl\n> or at the Office of some Diflributor or Sub Diflributor of Stamps, or in the Office or Shop of a Person duly licensed to fell Stamps.

L.VIIL And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Evading Duty shall, for the Purpose of evading any of the Stamp Duties which shall by fidlifying at any time be payable under any Act or Acts then in force in /rr- Date*, erasing laud, execute any stamped Instrument without a Date, or bearing 8

Date prior to such Execution thereof, or shall fraudulently erase or ferape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or any Date, Sum or thing engrafted or written in such Instrument, matter or thing as aforesaid, or if any Person shall fraudulently cut, tear or take off any Mark or Stamp from any Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or any Part thereof, with Intent to use such Mark or Stamp for any other Writing, matter or thing in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable, then and in every of the said cales every Person so offending (nail for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; and any Deed, In- Peoahy. ftrutnent or Writing, wherein any of the said Frauds shall have been Deeds considered committed in order to make the same appear to be duly stamped shall " not be deemed not to have been duly stamped; provided nevertheless, Proviso. that if any Deed or Instrument shall have been duly executed by any of the Parties thereto, on the Day when the same bears Date, such Deed or Instrument may be lawfully executed at any time afterwards by the other Parties thereto, "' or any of them, notwithstanding any intervening Change in the Stamp Duty or Duties payable on such Deed or Instrument, if the same mail have been duly stamped at the time of such prior Execution thereof, and such Deed or Instrument shall, in such case, be deemed to be duly stamped.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Com- Certificates of mencement of this Act, every Person who shall apply to be sworn Duty being paid or admitted an Advocate, Proctor, Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk or to be produced other Officer in any Court in Ireland, in respect of whose Admiftion Advocates, any Stamp Duty shall be payable 5 or a Student in the King's Inns, for Ad-

or to the Degree of a Bamfter in the said King's Inns, shall, previous nuffioos. to being so sworn or admitted, produce and deliver to the proper Officer, to whom he shall apply to be so admitted, a Certificate, signed under the Hand or Hands of some Person appointed for that

Purpose

C. 66.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Personw granting such Certificate* to keep Books.

Diftxibutor to transmit Books to Stamp Office In Dublin.

Duty of Registrar of Chancery.

Apprentices to Attornies, &c. to obtain like Certificates of Duties having been paid.

Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, stating that such Person has paid such Duty as shall be then by Law payable on or in respedfc of such Admission, and dating the Amount of such Duty; which Certificate shall remain in the Custody of such Officer, to be used and disposed of as hereinafter mentioned; and that every such Officer shall Keep Two Books, in each of which the Names of all Persons who, after the Commencement of this Act, shall be admitted by him as aforesaid, together with the Amount of the Stamp Duty paid by every such Penon, according to such Certificate, (nail be fairly written in due and regular Order; and such Officer shall, Four times in every Year, on the Second Monday in January, the Second Monday in Aprils the Second Monday in July, and the Second Monday in 0Sober, deliver or cause to be delivered, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, if such Admission shall take place in the County or County of the City of Dublin, to such Person as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamps, and if such Admission shall take place in any other Part of Ireland, then to the Distributor of Stamps in whose DiflriA such Admission shall take place, at the Office of such Distributor, one of the said Books, with the Names of all Persons so admitted, and the Sums paid by them as aforesaid, so written therein, together with all the laud Certificates so delivered by the several Persons, if any, who shall have been so admitted in the Quarter of a Year ending on the Quarter Day preceding the Delivery of such Book 5 and every such Distributor shall forthwith transmit to the Stamp Office in Dublin every such Book, together with the Certificates so delivered to him therewith; and every such Book, which shall be so delivered at or transmitted to the said Stamp Office in Dublin, shall be forthwith examined by an Officer appointed for that Purpose, and shall be compared with the Certificates accompanying the same $ and if they shall be found to agree, then such Officer shall certify at the Foot of the Names then entered in such Book, the Numfcr of Admissions appearing therein for the last Quarter, and that the proper Stamp Dutynas been paid thereon; and thereupon such Books shall be damped with One or more Stamp or Stamps denoting the payment of fuen Duty, and shall be returned without any unneceifary Delay to the proper Officer of such Court.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in the Court of Chancery the proper Officer for keeping such Books, and for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be the Registrar of the said Court or his Deputy.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be bound an Apprentice to any Attorney, Proctor, Notary Public in Ireland\ shall in like manner obtain from forte Person appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps a written Certificate of haring paid the Duty which shall be by Law payable on Inch Indenture of Apprenticeship at the time of executing the same, which Certificate shall i>e lodged with the proper Officer o? the Court in which such Indentures fhafi be enrolled, or of the Court or One of the Courts to which the Master of such Apprentice shall belong, or in case of Notaries, with the Registrar of the Court of Prerogative; and the Officer or Officers of such Court is and are hereby required to take charge of and keep such Certificate, so that the same may and fhafi be produced and read in open Court before any such Person

AJJ.1S16.

55* GEO. IXL

C. 56.

175

ftu& be adaised to be an Attorney, Proctor or Notary, and shall be pro ilncnl to a Maker of the Court of Chancery in Ireland before any fod Period Audi be admitted and sworn a Solicitor in the said Gnat of Chancery as aforesaid.

XZH And be it further enacted, That no Person in respect of Advocates, At-wUtAdamSkm any Stamp Duty shall be payable Audi be capable towiei, Ac w* eiftaBtiGmg or aftmg as an Advocate, Proctor, Attorney, Solicitor,*

On or other Officer in any Court whatsoever in Ireland, nor ad* Namet written bed to the Privilege of a Student, or to act as a Barrister, under or in Books kept by by virtue of any Admission made after the Commencement of this the proper Offi-A£U nor ffid1 any such Admission be valid or effectual, unkfs his?£*rimin5 Name fta& appear so written in the said Books required by this Act Cert, fic#te* to he kept as aforesaid, or in such of them as shall from tone to time be in the Pafiffion of the proper Officer, and shall be duly damped as aforesaid; and that no such Officer shall deliver the same Book in Two fbmfive Quarters, but that one of the said Books shall be delivered as aforesaid m January and in Jnlyf and the other of the said Books m Apriln&Od*Ur9 so as that such of the said Books as shall from time to tune remain in the Hands of the proper Officer shall appear to have been inspected and stamped at the Stamp Office in its Turn.

LX1I1. And be it further enacted, That the said Books shall be Duty of Officer!* to to agree as nearly as possible with each other, and that in keeping fuel* whenever any such Book shall Be returned from the Stamp Office as Books, aforesaid to the proper Officer, such Officer shall forthwith cause to be hilly and regularly entered therein the Names of all Persons admitted whBe (ben Book was out of his Possession, so as to correspond to that refoeft with the other of the said Books which remained m his Possession; and if any such Officer shall neglect or omit so to debrer or cade tube delivered any such Book as aforesaid, together with /bob Cerdkatn conformable thereto, at the times and in manner hereinbefore required, or shall omit to make an Entry of any Admission many fochBook as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if such Officer shall wilfully Penalty, deface or detroy any such Book, or make any false Entry therein, Erasing, Ac. or (bafl^ without the Order of the Court or other competent Authority, enSe or Abet any Entry therein, or shall knowingly permit or /idler mj of the said matters to be done, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

LXIV- And be it further enacted, That no Attorney shall praftifo Attornies to in his own Name or in the Name of any other Attorney, in any of onl.yin

Ha Myfty'i Coorti of Law, or in any Court of Record wivatfo-ever in Ireland, m which Attornies are admitted, except only in such Court or Courts in which he shall actually have been admitted and (won an Attorney, on Pain of the Person so practising being Tendered incapable of being sworn or practising as an Attorney or Solicitor in any Court in Ireland; and every Attorney who shall so praffife in any Court in which he shall not have been admitted and fvon an Attorney, shall be disabled from recovering the Coils of »f Pmocedbigs carried on by him in any Court*

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person admitted, Attornies, Ac. to fwots, enrolled and registered as a Solicitor or Attorney, or as a deliver annually Prodnr. Agent or Procurator, in any of His Majesty's Courts in st Stamp Office, any Ecclesiastical Court or in any Court of Admiralty gdcl^ e*

*n Hating whether

C. £6.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.'

they hare been admitted Three Years or not, and on paying Duty entitled to Certificate.

Such Certificates in force till 6th January.

Annual Certificates to be produced in Court and entered in afiook.

v

Fee.

Acceft to such Book, dx. without Fee.

in Ireland\ or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, whe1 Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or more, shall ally, before he shall commence, carry on or defend any Action, -or Proceeding whatsoever in any of the said Courts, deliver or'to be delivered to the Commimoners of Stamp Duties, or to i Officer or Officer^ appointed by them for that Purpose at the 8 Office in Dublin, a Paper or Note in Writing, containing the I and usual Place of Reudence of such Person, and Hating whetH has been so admitted Three Years or not; and thereupon and I Payment of the Duties which shall then be by Law imposed on \k such Solicitor, Attorney, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, accordit the time he has been admitted, as dated in such Paper or Note in 1 ing, every such Person shall be entitled to a Certificate duly stamf to denote the Payment of the said Duty by him, describing hin such Certificate according to the Defcnption contained in the ( Note so given in by him, which Certificate the said Conumfiwoe or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them for tb Purpose, shall cause to be immediately issued under the Hand an Name of the proper Officer, in such manner and Form as the f» Commissioners shall devise.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Certifies issued to any Solicitor or Attorney, Proctor, Agent or Procunto under the Direction9 of this Act, shall bear Date on the Day c which the same shall be issued, and shall commence and be of force c and from the Day of iffoing the same, or on and from the Sixth Da of January next following, according as the Person obtaining ti lame shall desire, and every such Certificate shall cease and detei mine on the Sixth Day of January next after the Day on whic the same shall so commence and be ot force.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That every annual Certificat so to be obtained as aforesaid shall be produced in every Coart i which the Person described therein shall be admitted, enrolled, Ivor or registered, to some Officer or Officers of the said Court, to b appointed for that Purpose by the Judges of the said Courts respectively, before such Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procunto shall be permitted to practise as aforesaid, and evety such Officer fi to be appointed shall, and he is hereby reauired from time to time upon the Production of such annual Certificate duly damped, and upon the Payment of the Fee of One Shilling, to enter iu its Ordei alphabetically the Name of the Person described in such annua Certificate, together with the Place of such his Residence, and tlx time he has been admitted as aforesaid, and the Date of such annua Certificate, and for what time the lame is to be in force, in a Bool or Roll to be prepared for that Purpose, to all which Books oi Rolls in the said Courts respectively, all Persons shall and may at ai reasonable times have dee Access without Fee or Reward.

No Attorney, LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall &c. to carry on in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Period any Proceeding sue out Writ or Process, or commence, prosecute, carry on w annual CMttf-UU defend an7 Action or Suit or any Proceeding as an Attorney oi cate is obtained Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator in any of the Courts afore and entered/fcc. (hid, without haring obtained such annual Certificate which shall lx then in force, or without having caused the matters therein dated to be entered in such Court in such manner as hereinbefore is directed,

or

A.D. 1816*

ur GEO. III

a 58.

177

or dull deliver in to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or to the Officer to be appointed by them for the Purpose of i (Suing, granting or repdering such annual Certificate, any false or fiditious Place of Refideoce, or any false or fiditious Statement of his having been admitted an Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, or of tile time when be (nail have been so admitted, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Penalty.

Pounds, and shall be and is hereby made incapable to maintain or profeente any Action or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Recovery of any Fee, Reward or Diiburfement, on account of profeendng, carrying on or defending any such Action, Suit or Proceeding.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Attorney, Solid- Proof of Atto*. for, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, in whose Name, either singly or together with that of any other Person or Persons, any Writ or Pro-ceil shall be sued out, or any Action, Suit or Proceeding shall be commenced, prosecuted, earned on or defended in any of the said Courts, shall on any Trial or Hearing whatsoever for or relating to any Penalty or other matter under this Act, or any Act or Acts in anywise relating to the Collection or Management of Stamp Duties, be deemed and taken to have so sued out such Writ or Process, or to have so commenced, prosecuted, carried on or defended such Action, Suit or Proceeding, unless previous to such Trial or Hearing such Writ, Process or Proceeding shall have been set aside by the Court on Examination into the Fads on Oath (which such Court is hereby required to do in such case), and not by Consent as having been so sued out, commenced, prosecuted, carried on or defended without the Direction, Privity or Permission of the Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, in whose Name such Writ or Process shall be sued out, or such Action, Suit or Proceeding shall have been commenced, carried on or defended.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer of any Court Officer fuffinrfag whatsoever shall Suffer any Writ or Process to be ifftied or sued out, Wri*f or any Action or Suit to be commenced, prosecuted, carried on or^Agara* " defended, or any Proceeding had or taken in or from his Office in the unj^g Name of any Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, tained his Ctr-eitber singly or together with any other Person or Persons, unless tificate. such Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator shall have previously obtained such annual Certificate as aforesaid, which shall be then in force, and shall have caused the matters therein dated to be entered in such Court as aforesaid, and if any such Officer shall offend herein, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Penalty. Pounds; and it shall not be necessary in any Proceeding for the Recovery of such Penalty to prove that any such Officer was himself personally concerned in any of the matters aforesaid, but it shall be Sufficient that such Offence was committed in his Office or Department.

LXX I. And be it further enacted, That every Appearance of or Appttraoces far for any Defendant or Defendants in the Court of Chancery in Ire- defendants m laud shall be entered in the Office of the Registrar of the said Court, in a Book to be there kept for that Purpose; and that any Appear- giftrar/ ance in any other Office, or in any other manner, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that such Registrar, as also the proper Officer in whole Office any such Appearance shall be 66 Geo. III. N entered

iW

C. 56:

56* geo. m.

A.D. 1616.

Fee to Registrar and Officer in other Courts where Appearances are entered.

Penalty. Conveyances and D*eds to be prepared only by certain Persons obtaining Certificates;

Penalty.'Proviso for Persons drawing Wills, flee.

Memorandums of Petitions in the Court of Chancery to be entered in Re-fjttrart Office.

Fee#

Penalty.

Memorandums of Petitions in the Court of Exchequer to be entered in Philaaers Office,

entered iti the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, or in any of the Courts of Common Law or Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland\ (hfiU for every such Appearance receive the Sum of Five pence* and no more, and shall thereupon without farther Charge give a Certificate of such Appearance, which Certificate shall be annexed to and filed, together with the Fifft Answer, Plea, Demurrer or other Pleading of what nature or kind soever, which shall be thereafter put in such Cause by or on behalf of the Party so appearing; and if any such Answer, Plea, Demurrer or other Pleading shall be filed without having such Certificate annexed thereto, then any Officer receiving or filing the same shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain or Reward, dtreCUy of indirectly, draw or prepare any Conveyance of or Deed relating to any Real or Personal Estate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity, other than and except Serjeants at Law and Barfifters, and also Soli* citors, Attornies, Notaries, Proctors or Procurators, having obtained regular Certificates as such, and Persons having taken Out the Certificates mentioned in the Schedule to this for drawing or preparing any of the said matters in Expectation of any Fee or Reward, and other than and except Persons solely employed to engroft any Deed, Instrument or other Proceedings not drawn or prepared by them* selves and for their own Account respectively, and othet than and except public Officers drawing or preparing Official Instrumenti appbcable to their respective Offices and in the course of their Duty, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be con* ftruedto extend to prevent any Person or Persons drawing or prepar- ing any Will or other Testamentary Paper, or any Agreement not under Seal, or any Ldttfr of Attorney,

LXXIIL And be it further eha&ed. That a Memorandum of every Petition to or in the Court of Chancery, or to the Lord Chancellor, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal in Ireland, in any Ckufe or matter whatsoever, shall, before delivering the same to the Secretary of the Lord Chancellor or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or to the Person then acting as such Secretary, or on his behalf, be entered in the Office of the Registrar of the said Court in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose, for which Entry such Registrar shall receive a Fee of One Shilling, and no more; and such Registrar shall thereupon certify at the Foot of such Petition that the same is so entered $ and if such Secretary, or any Person a£ting as or on behalf of such Secretary, shall receive any such Petition without such Certificate at the Foot thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and any Order made oh such Petition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposet whatsoevter.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That a Memorandum of any Petition in or to the Court of Exchequer in Ireland shall, before delivering the same to the proper Officer of the said Court, be entered in the Office of the Philazer in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose, for which Entry such Philazer shall receive a Fee of One Shill ting and no more; and such Philazer shall thereupon certiff at the Foot of such Petition that the same is so entered \ and if such Officer, or any Person a&ng as or on behalf of such Officer, shall receive any

' such

A/D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.96.'

179

such Petition without such Certificate at the Foot thereof, he shall far every facfi Offence forfeit the Sum of Fire Pounds* and any Order made on such Petition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXV. And be it farther enacted, That for the entering of any facfc Petition in either of the said Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, or far any Attendance for the Purpose of such Entry, no Charge whatsoever shall be made by any Six Clerk, Attorney or Solicitor, nor shall any Sum be received for the same, five only the Amount of the Duty actually paid thereon.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Six Clerk in the Court of Chancery, or any Attorney or Solicitor, or any Proctor in any EcclesiafHcal or Admiralty Court in Inland^ or any other Person whatsoever, shall charge to or receive from the Plaintiff or Defendant, Protnovant or impugnant in any Suit, or to or from any other Person whatsoever on any Occasion, the Amount of any Stamp Duty, and shall not have actually made use of, or issued, or filed the Warrant, Writ, Monition, Process, Pleacting, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Proceeding far which Such Charge shall be made or such Amount shall be received duly Ramped with the Duty which shall be payable thereon at the time of so using, issuing or filing the same, inch Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor or other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor or other Person shall charge to or receive from any Plaintiff or Defendant, Promovant or Impugiftnt or other Person, any Sum as and far the Cost, Expence or Charge of or far any Whrnmt, Writ, Monition, Process, Pleacting, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Proceeding, every such Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor or other Person, shall be deemed and taken to luive included in such Charge, and to have thereby charged to or received from such Person the Amount of the proper Stamp Duty on such Warrant, Writ, Monition, Process, Pleacting, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Proceeding.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Bill of Costs shall be taxed in any of His Majesty's Courts of Chancery or Exchequer in Ireland^ in which there (nail be any Charge or Charges far drawing or for ingroffinp on Parchment any Bills, Answert or other Equity Pleadings in the said Courts respectively, which shall be engrafted or written or filed in either of the liud Courts, the Officer who shall tax such Bill of Costs shall tax the Charges for drawing and engrossing such BiHs, Answers and other Pleadings respectively, fa as not to exceed the usual Charge by the Skin, according to the Number and Amount of the Stamps actually appearing on such Pleadings respectively; and such Officer, if the Bui of Costs to be taxed be in a Cause in the Court of Chancery, shall signify at the Foot of such Bill of Costs that the Number and Amount of the Stamps appearing on the Pleadings mentioned therein hath been certified to bxs by the Master or Keeper of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery, or his Deputy; and if such Bifi of Costs be in a Cause in the Court of Exchequer, the Officer who shall tax the same shall signify at the Foot of such Bill that he hath inspected the Engroflmenta of the Pleadings mentioned in such Bill of Costs; and in case such Officer respectively who shall tax such Bill of Costs as aforesaid, shaft serkft or tcSqSc to apply to the Clerk of the Rolls for such Certifi-

N 2 cate

Penalty.

No Charge to be made by any Six Clerk, Sec. except for Stamp Duty.

Charging Stamp Duty and not filing Proceedings for which Charge is mads.

Penalty.

Taxing of Bille of Costs, how to be proceeded, in.

Officer oflend-

180

C. 56.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 18

Penalty.

Matter of the Rolls or Deputy neglecting. Sec, Co inspect Amount of Stamps and certify Urn.

Penalty.

Duty on Office Copies of Private Acts, on Bills, Pleadings and Decrees in Chancery, and an Inrolments, how to be pail

Entry in Boek kept at Stamp Office.

cate as aforesaid, or to insped the Engroflments of the Pleadi mentioned in such Bill of Costs, or shall neglect or refuse to tax Charges for drawing or engroffingfuch Bills, Answers or other Pit ings in manner hereinbefore directed respectively, every such Ofi so neglecting or refusing respectively at aforesaid shall forfeit every such Neglect or Refusal the Sum of Ten Pounds; and in i the Mailer or Keeper of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery, or Deputy, shall neglect or refuse to insped the Number and Amo of Stamps appearing on every such Pleading as aforesaid, or toe tify the same to the proper Officer of such Court, upon being plied to by him for that Purpose, or if any of the Officer! aforrl shall certify any thing false, such Mailer or Keeper of the Rolls, his Deputy or other Officer, shall for every such Neglect or Refu or Falsehood, forfeit in like manner the Sum of Ten Pounds; wh said several Forfeitures, together with the Cods of recovering t same, shall be enforced in a summary way upon Motion by Order the said Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, upon Complaint aide t them respectively a gain ft any Officer who shall be guilty of any f« Neglect, Refusal or Misconduct, and shall enure to His Mtjesty, h Heirs and Successors.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every t Stamp Duties and Duty which shall be payable for and in respect any Office Copy of any Private Act of Parliament, or of any B Answer or otlier Pleacting, Depoiition or Depofttions, Interrogate or Interrogatories, or Decree in any Court of Equity in Ireland, of any Inrolment of any Letters Patent, Grant, Deed or other matt whatsoever, which is or shall be inrolled in the Rolls Office in Irtkt which shall be issued after the Commencement of this Act, shall paid and payable in manner hereinafter mentioned, and no oik that is to say, such Office Copy shall he written on Paper not damp with any Stamp whatsoever, and when and as soon as the same lb; be ready for Attestation or Delivery respectively, the proper Offic for attesting or delivering out the same respectively shall cause the fat respectively to be carried to the Stamp Office, - and there delivered such Person as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Comm (ioners of Stamps; and thereupon such Person shall carefully exami every such Office Copy respectively, and shall certify on the Bat thereof respectively the Amount of the Stamp Duty then payable t Law thereon respectively, and the Double Stamp Duty so payable the case of Office Copies of any Deposition or Depositions if the (ai shall be required, and also the Number of Skins, Sheets or Words every such Office Copy respectively, and in respect whereof so Stamp or Stamps or Double Stamps shall be so marked, and shall, a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, make Entry thert to remain in the said Stamp Office, and the Amount of such Stic Duty shall and may be thereupon paid to the Receiver Gened Stamp Duties by the Officer or Person producing such Office (j at the Stamp Office, and the said Receiver General shall give al tificate of such Payment, and upon the Delivery of such CertiM to the Person so appointed by the Commissioners of Stamps asafl said, he shall cause some Part or Parts of such Office Copy tw damped with One or more Stamps, expressive of the Amount ofi .Duty so paid, and shall then fend the said Office Copy so ikum

AD. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.56.

181

W to tk proper Officer for rttefting or delivering out any such Ofict Copy or Copies respectively.

IIIIX* And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer of Officmaot arfch Court of Equity in Ireland shall omit or neglect to fend or Jf^h

atrjnj such Copy to the said Stamp Office, or to deliver or cause to

fckdcfavered the tune to the Pertou who shall be so then appointed fcrtiat Purpose by the said Commissionera of Sumps, or if any such Officer of such Court of Equity shall attest or permit to be atlefted or delivered out, or permit to be delivered out any such Office Copy of any such Private Act of Parliament, Bill, Answer, Pleacting, De-position or Depositions, Interrogatory or Interrogatories, Decree or lnrohnest, which shall not have been so duly stamped, every such Officer (kail for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds* Penalty.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That every such Officer of Allowance of every Conrt of Equity in Ireland acting in pursuance of this Act, il.ios.fcr M be entitled to an Allowance at the Rate of One Pound Ten l?°l wtA Shillings for every One hundred Pounds out of the Duty so paid by him; and it shall not be lawful for any such Officer, or any Person employed by him, to aik, demand or receive any Fee, Profit or Reward, for or in consideration of any of the said matters so required by th» Act to be done by him, or any other Benefit thereon whatsoever, five only the said Per CenUge; and if any such Officer or any Person employed by him or acting on his behalf, in any of the said matters, shall offend herein, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sam of Fifty Pounds.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That any Charge in any In taxing Bfflaof M oI Cods lor drawing, copying or engrossing any Deed or Deeds, c°ft* De*k to executed after the Commencement of this Act, shall be taxed and al-lowed so as sot to exceed the usual Charge by the Skip, calculated CCT, pr0pef according to the Number and Amount of the Stamps actually appearing oa the Veflush, Parchment or Paper on which the whole of such Deed or Deeds shall be respectively engrossed; and in order to enable the taxing Officer so to tax any such Charge, there shall be produced to him, at the time of such Taxation, each and every such original Deed, or a Certificate of such Officer as shall be appointed Certfficits ef for tint Purpose, by the said Commissioners at the Stamp Office in Officer. Dd&harottk Difiributor of Stamps of the District in which such Deed fast have been executed, certifying that such Officer or Distributor hath inspected such Deed, and rating the Number and Amount of the Stamp or Stamps actually appearing theron, and giving in such Certificate loch Description of such Deed as shall be fumcient to identify the lame, for which Certificate every such Officer or Diffri-bator shall be entitled to the Sum of Sixpence and no more; and Officer negWd-if any such Officer or Diflributor respectively shall refuse or neglecting to grant Car* to grant such Certificate on Demand and Production of such Deed tificste. or Deeds, or shall certify any thing false therein, or if any such taxing Officer shall tax the Cods of drawing, copying or engrossing ay inch Deed in any other manner save as aforesaid, then and in ay of the said cases every such Person so offending shall for every ImhOface forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds* Penalty.

1IXXI1. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in proviso for c«r-thit Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the tain Pleadings or Chap to he made for engrossing any Bill, Answer or other Plead- £«*. iof iofysty, or any Dead, the whole Contents of which shall not N9amount

Copies of Affidavits read in Court, how to be reckoned.

Officer charging unduly.

Penalty.

Every Side damped to be deemed a separate Sheet.

Proceeding! in Courts to be written as they have been usually accustomed.

Attested Copies of Interrogatories or Depositions given in Evidence on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant respectively to be doubly damped.

Officer netlefting Inspe^lion o: such Copies.

C.SQ, as* GEO. lit A.D.U1S.

amount to the number of Two thousand one hundred and fifty Words.

LXXXIII. And be it further ensued, That the Copy of any Affidavit which shall be read in any Court whatever in Ireland shall be engrossed or written in such manner as that the Quantity of Writ* ing contained in any One Sheet or Piece of Paper shall not be deemed more than One Sheet9 according to the manner in which the Officers of the Courts in which such Affidavit shall be respectively filed charge by the Sheet for such Affidavit; and if any Officer of any Court shall charge or demand for the Quantity of Writing contained in any One Sheet or Piece of Paper on which any Copy of such Affidavit shall be written, more than the Fees to which he would be entitled for One Sheet, according to the Course of the Court in which such Affidavit shall be filed, he shall for every such Charge so made or demanded forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, with Treble Costa of Suit.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where more than One Side or Page of any Sheet of Paper shall be damped or marked with the Duties which shall then be by Law charged on the Paper on which such Copy of an Affidavit shall be written, each Side or Page so marked or damped shall be deemed a separate Sheet or Piece of Paper within the Intent and meaning of this Act, and of every Act in force from time to time for the Imposing, Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty, unless the contrary shall be captefiiy declared.

LXXXV. And be it further entsted, That all Records, Writs, Pleadings and other Proceedings in the Couru of Law and Equity, and Ecdefiadical Courts, Courts of Admiralty, and all other Coons in Ireland9 and all Office Copies thereof respectively, which Hull from time to time be charged with any Stamp Duty, dull be ea» grafted or written in such manner as they usually have been accustomed'to be written, save as is or may be otherwise provided by Law.

LXXXV I. And be it further enacted, That every attested Copy of any Interrogatory or Interrogatories, or Deposition or Depositions in the Court of Chancery or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, shall be signed by the Examiners of the said Courts respectively, and every such Examiner shall date and appoint in Writing at the Foot of every such attested Copy, whether the same is to be read by or on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or by or on the Part of the Defendant or Defendants in the Suit in which such Interrogatories or Depositions shall have been taken; and it shall not be lawful for any such Plaintiff to read or give in Evidence any Copy of such Interrogatories or Depositions which shall be so appointed to be read on behalf of any Defendant in such Suit, nor for any Defendant to read or give in Evidence any such Copy which shall be appointed to be so read on behalf of any Plaintiff or Complainant, unless the same respectively shall be dapped with a Second Set of Stamps equal to the First Stamps imposed thereon, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding $ and every such Examiner shall give such attested Copy, doubly ftasnped, to any Party requiring the same, and offering to pay for the same the Amount of such Second Set of Stamps fa addition to the usual Charge.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Deposition (kail r be entered as read on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant respect-

ta ivdy

A.TX IMS.

5&GEO- 11L

C.5*,

mly until the Officer entering the same shall hare inspected the

Copy from which the same was so read, and have seen that the same

was either doubly damped or duly appointed at aforesaid to be read

for the Party so desiring to enter the same, and if any such Officer

shall offend herein he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of

Five Pounds; and if any Six Clerk in the Court of Chancery, o* Penalty.

any Attorney in the Court of Exchequer hi Ireland, shall read on CWrk, Ac.

behalf of any Plaintiff any Copy so appointed to be read on the Part ^nc^not*1

of any Defendant or Defendants, the same not being doubly damped being"doubly

as aforesaid, pr shall read on behalf of any Defendant any Copy jumped.

appointed to be read on the Part of any Plaintiff, the same not

being doubly damped as aforesaid, any such Person so offending

shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds $ pro- Ptusky.

vided nevertheless, that it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the

Court that the Party seeking to read any Copy of any such Depo-

fitions did pona jide take out a Copy of such Depositions duly

damped, but that the same hath been loft or midaid, it shall and

may be lawful for such Court to order that the Copy of the oppo-

site Party may be read, and thereupon such Copy matt and may be

read and entered in the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as if

such Copy so ordered to be read was doubly damped.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Of- Offict Copies to fieer of any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland shall make out, Number

fttteff or deliver any Office Copy of any Pleading or Proceeding of thTSack* any Nature or Kind whatever in such Court, such Officer shall, in the Book in which Entry shall be made of such Pleading or Proceeding, mark in Figures the Number of Office Sheets of which such Copy shall consist, and shall in like manner mark on the Back of every such Copy the Number of Office Sheets contained therein; and if such Officer shall neglect or omit so to do, he shall for every such

or Omission Forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Officer giving a Commencement of this Act no Officer of any Court of Law or CopyorEitratt Equity, or of any Public Office in Ireland\ shall rive or deliver, or cause or permit to be given or delivered to any Person or Persons Stamp, 6 whensoever, any Copy or Extract of any Record, Pleacting, Pro. ceeding or Document filed or remaining in such Court or Office, lave and except Copy or Extract written on Vellum, Parchment or Paper duly ftaxnpea in such manner as shall be then by Law required for such Copy or Extract; and that no such Officer shall permit any Person whatsoever to write or take down in Writing any Copy of any such Pleacting, Proceeding, Record or Document, unleu such Person shall so write or take down the same on Paper,

Parchment or Vellum duly damped, in such manner as shall be then fcjr Law required for an Office Copy; and if any such Officer shall give or deliver or ^ttest, or shall knowingly cause or permit to be given or delivered or attested any such Copy or Extract, or permit any such Copy to be written as aforesaid contrary to the Directions of this Act, ne shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Ptusky. Pounds.

XC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it Copws erf Pro* (haB happen that any Person shall require that any Copy of any Re-cord, Document, Proceeding, matter or thing whatsoever, which j^uftation to Hull (pvt bees made and attested by the proper Officer of any hmaUbtho - N 4 Court, ptoptr Stamp.

56° GEO. III.

AJt).l8

Copy of Record, Sec. being stamped and brought to the Stamp Office in Dublin to be further damped.

Officer to draw a Line acrotii funner Atteft-

penaky.

Writs to arrelt how to be entered.

Officer offencL »g*

Penalty.

Officer to pay orer Duty payable on Entries in Records, Sec. of Courts of Jufbce.

Court, shall be again attested by the proper Officer, and in resp of which attested Copy any Stamp Duty shall be payable greater Amount than was paid or payable at the time of such former Atti don, it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer again to attefl such Copy if the same shall have thereon due a lawful Stamps to the Amount of the Duty payable thereon at t time of such Request, although any such Copy may hare been b fore attested by the proper Officer for the time being, and altbow such Stamps, or any of them, shall have been on such Copy at tS time of such former Attestation, and may have been the Stamps c Stamp in respect whereof such former Attestation was .made, an every Copy so attested on Stamps to the proper Amount rcfped ively shall be deemed to be duly damped to all Intents and Purposes and if any Copy of any such Record, Document, Proceeding, mat ter or thing, having any Stamps thereon, shall be brought to tk Stamp Office in Dublin, , to be further damped, then andioewy such case, if such Copy shall appear to have been previously attested, and to have had any Stamp or Stamps thereon at the time of such previous Attestation, such other and further Stamps shall be impressed thereon as shall be required by the Person so bringing the same, such Person first paying the Amount of such Stamps; and in such case the Officer to whom the same shall be produced at the said Stamp Office shall draw a Line across such former Attestation, and shall write the Initials of his Name, and the Date of the Month and Year under the same, and thereupon such Copy shall never after be read or used by virtue of such Attestation, nor until such Copy shall be again attested by the proper Officer at some time subsequeat to the same being so damped; and if such Copy so to be brought to such Stamp Office shall not appear to have been previously attested, then such Stamp or Stamps as shall be required by the Person bringing the same shall be impressed thereon, he or she first paying the Amount thereof; and if any such Officer as aforesaid shall impress any Stamp on any such Copy so formerly attested, and shall not in manner aforesaid draw a Line across such Attestation and write his Initials under the same as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds. !

XCI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer or Oak belonging or that shall hereafter belong to the Court of King's Bench, Court of Common Pleas or Law Side of the Court of Exchequer, in Ireland, who shall sign any Writ or Process before Judgment, to arrest any Person or Persons thereupon, shall at the time of signing thereof let down upon such Writ or Process the Day and Year of signing the same, which shall be entered upon the Remembrancer's Roll or in the Book wherein the Abstra& of such Writ or Process shall be entered, upon pain to forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Offence or Neglect of such Officer or Clerk as aforesaid.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person whatsoever shall desire to have any Judgment marked or any other Entry whatsoever made in or upon any Record, Book or Roll of any Court of Justice in Ireland, in respect of which Entry any Stamp Duty shall be payable, save and except where a Certificate of having paid such Stamp Duty shall be required by Law, and shall be produced accordingly, ) such Person shall, over and above the Fee, if any, payable for such Entry of such Judgment or other matter, pay to the Officer

whom

56° GEO. III.

C. 46.

185

whom he shall so require to make such Entry, the Amount of such Duty, and such Officer shall afterwards pay oyer such Duty in manner hereinafter mentioned; and if any such Officer shall make or penalty, fuffirr to be made any such Entry without Production of such Certificate, when required by Law, or without having received the Amount of such Stamp Duty thereon, where such Officer is to receive such Stamp Duty, such Officer shall be responsible for such Duty, and be bound to pay over the same in manner hereinafter provided, in the same manner in all Respects as if be had actually received such Duty.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That any Officer who shall DuPMc*t# Book have the Custody of any Book wherein Judgments shall be entered ?, the* of.in Ireland, shall keep and have a Duplicate of every such Book kept*" ° wherein all such Entries of Judgments shall be truly copied, and shall, in consideration thereof, be entitled to have and receive from the Person entering any such Judgment, a Fee of Sixpence over and Fee. above all other Fees, it any, chargeable thereon.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of every Such Duplicate Court of Justice which shall be held or* shall fit in the County or Book of Entries County of the City of Dublin, having the legal Custody of the to Pr«*uced several Records, Rolls or Books belonging to such Court respect- XermtobolS ively or of any of them, wherein any such Entry whatever shall be fp^ed by the made relating to the Rules or other Proceedings, Process or Judg- proper Officer, ments of fuel] Courts, shall within Ten Days after the First Day of each and every Term, produce and bring every Duplicate Book of the Entry of Judgments required to be kept as hereinbefore mentioned, and every original Record, Roll or Book of any of the said other Entries, to some Person to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps at the Stamp Office in Dublin, and every such Officer so bringing any such Record, Roll or Book,

shall insert therein, immediatdy after the last Entry therein at the time of producing the same, a Certificate duly signed by him, dating Certificate, the Number of such Entries made thereon or therein, in the Term and Vacation immediately preceding, as are subject by Law to any Stamp Duty or Duties; and every such Officer shall thereupon pay Duty to be paid the rail Amount of all such Stamp Duties as shall be then by Law and Book payable for or in respect of all such Entries therein respectively; and damped. every such Record, Roll or Book shall thereupon be damped respearvelj with some Stamp or Stamps denoting the full Amount of the whose of the Stamp Duties so then paid in respect of the several Entries so made therein respectively in such preceding Term and Vacation; which Stamp or Stamps shall be as few in Number as can conveniently be, to denote the full Payment of the Amount of the said Duties in Pounds, Shillings and Pence, and shall be placed in the same Page or Place on which the Certificate of such Officer shall be written as aforesaid; and if any Officer of the said Courts officer offend- shall neglect or omit to bring any such Record, Roll or Book, or to ing. furmfli inch Certificate therein, or pay such Duties as aforesaid, or shall make any false Entry therein or in the Copy thereof, or omit to make any true Entry or Copy in any such Duplicate Book of .Judgments, then and in every such case every such Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, and in such Penalty, case, whenever such Record, Roll or Book shall be produced at the said Stamp Office, if such Certificate shall not appear therein, the

proper

Ci 56.

56' GEO. 111.

In what way En tries of Judgments shall be made to ascertain the Duty.

Blink left for Amount of Costs.

Officer offending.

Penalty.

A.D.i

proper Officer at the said Stamp Office shall himself make t Certificate; and on Payment of the Duties thereby appearing due, the £kid Record, Roll or Book shall be duly flam] aforesaid.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any ( of any Court shall mark any Judgment not Interlocutory, w for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs or for the Defendant or Defeo or any of {fresh, the Amount of the Sum, if any to be reco thereby, whether in respect of Debt, Damages or Costs, k Hated in the said Entry hereof, so far as the same shall be thee» tained, in order that the Stamp Duty payable in respect thereof be then calculated and paid, and be afterwards accounted for paid over by such Officer as aforesaid; and if on any such J ment whether for Plaintiff or Defendant Coils shall be recorer and the Amount of such Coils shall not then be ascertained, ti Blank shall be left for the Amount of such Cods, whether Su, Double or Treble, and as soon as the said Cods shall be afeertair and before any Record shall be made up, or Execution issued oo d Judgment, such Bhmk shall be filled up with the Amount of ft Cods, and the Person requiring such Entry, if Cod» only ftaD recovered in such Judgment, mall pay the Stamp Duty in ref] of such Amount; and if Debt and Damages, or Debt or Dana, also be made recoverable therein, then such Person shall pay Difference between the Stamp Duty, if any theretofore paid as aH said, in respe£t of such Debt and Damages, or Debt or Damaj and the Duty payable in respect of the whole Amount adjudged; if by any means such Stamp Duty shall not have been thereto! paid, then the Person requiring such Entry shall pay to such Ol the whole Stamp Duty payable in respect of the entire Sun judged, and such Officer shall in any of the said cases fill up said Duplicate Book, and account for and pay over the Sums received by him in manner aforesaid; and if any such Judgment i have been so marked or entered, on or previous to the lad I of the Term immediately.preceding the filling up of such Blank, t such Officer when he shall be so required to fill up such Blank, before he shall fill up the same, shall enter a Memorandum ther in his Book in the same Place as if such Memorandum were a Ju< ment entered on that Day, and such Memorandum shall fate t Amount of such Costs, and shall refer to the Judgment so previou! marked and then about to be filled up, so that the same may iron diately be found by such Reference, and a Reference to such Men randum shall also be made in the Margin of such Judgment; i when such Officer shall afterwards certify in the Duplicate of fij.Book the Amount of the Stamp Duties for the Term and Vacad next preceding as aforesaid, he (haQ include therein the Duties payable on the filling up of such Blank as aforesaid; and if any Oi cer shall mark or enter any such Judgment without Rating then the Amount of the Sum recoverable thereby so far as the same A be then ascertained, or shall issue or suffer to be issued any h cution on any such Judgment, or shall suffer any Record thereof be made up before full Entry shall have been made of the Sum be recovered by such Judgment as aforesaid, or shall omit to wi such Memorandum as aforesaid, every such Officer so offending ft for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds*

............'XCVI. Ai

A.D. 1816.

£6° GEO. III.

C. 56.

487

XCVL And be it further andedt That all Proeefi which Audi Process for en-be catered or obtained to enforce the Appearance or Appearances facing Appear, of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Law or Equity inr."or Answer* in Mamdt or to enforce the Answer or Answers of any Defendant wop^Suinp.OU or Defendants in any Court of Equity in Ireland, shall be eogrossed and made out upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, damped with tfe Dnty which shall be then payable upon such Process; and in Officer offisod-cafe the Officer or Officers who shall enter or cause such Process "I-to be entered as aforesaid, shall neglect to have such Process made out as aforesaid, he and they shall for every such Neffled forfeit to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Ten Pounds, Penalty, which Sum shall be enforced in a summary way upon Motion, by Order of the Court in which such Process mall be entered, together with the Costs of so recovering the same.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That any Writ of Attach- Writ* of At-ment, Alias, Pluries, Proclamation, Commission of Rebeilion, Ser- [*chmem»*c- to jean* at Arms or Sequestration, which shall issue in or from the office of the* Court of Chanceij in Ireland, shall be entered in the Office of the Registrar. Registrar of the said Court, and that such Registrar, and also the proper Officer for entering such Writs in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Irclandt shall receive a Fee of Sixpence and Fee* do more, for every such Writ which shall be so entered by him, and shall certify such Entry on the Back of such Writ, and that every such Writ shall be so entered and issued before the Return Day thereof and not afterwards; and that none of the said Writs after the said Writ of Attachment shall be so entered or issued, unless all the preceding Writs in the Order aforesaid shall previously have been a&ually and duly entered and issued as aforesaid; and that no Order, Writs sad Cer-Decree, or Proceeding shall be made or taken in or by either of tbc tificates of £ud Courts, grounded on any such Writ or Process, nor shall such E"*.ry "1 Court take any notice of the Exigence of any such Writ, until such qou1^

Writ and the Certificate of the Entry thereof shall have been produced and read to such Court: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Officers respectively to issue anysuch Writ or Writs at any time after the Return or Returns thereof respectively, so as the same shall be done under an Order speciaffy made for that Purpose by the Court, either on Consent of Parties or under the particular Circumilances of fat case, and that every such Order shall be liable to a Duty equal to the full Amount of UU the Stamp Duties payable on each and every Writ which shall or by PoffibUity may be issued under the Authority thereof; and that in such case any Writ which shall be afterwards issued under such Order shall have a Memorandum written on the Face of such Writ, referring to such Order as the Authority for issuing the same, and signed by the proper Officer for issuing such Writ, and thereupon such Writ shall not be subject to any Stamp Duty; and if any of In what case the aforesaid Writs shall be issued without having been entered in Writ not fub. manner hereinbefore required, or without such Memorandum written° SumP on the Face thereof, the same shall be void to all Intents and uty*

Porposes and each and every Person concerned in so issuing the same, tad any Person who shall make any Charge for the same in.any Bill of Costs or otherwise, and also the Officer from whose Office the same shall be so issued, shall forfeit and pay a Sum of Twenty Penalty. Pounds Scarfing.

XCVIII. And

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Using forged Sumps by Officers of Court, fcc.

By Attorn ie*, See.

By Merchant#, Factors, & c.

Penalty*

Proviso.

Before Enrolment of Deeds, Stamps to be eismined by Registrar or ether Officer.

Fee.

XCVIII. And be it farther enacted, That whenever any Officer of any Court of Law or Equity, or of any Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Court, or of any Public Office in Ireland, shall certify, subscribe, engross or write any Copy or Extra A, or any other matter in anywise relating to the Business of such Court or Office, in respect of which any Stamp Duty shall be payable, and which according to the usual Course of Business may or ought to be prepared, written or engrossed by such Officer or his Clerks, and for the writing or engrossing of which, if so prepared, such Officer may be entitled to charge any Fee; and whenever any Six Clerk m Chancery, or any Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent, Procurator, Notary Public or Scrivener, shall cause any Pleacting, Order or Proceeding whatsoever, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be payable, to be filed in any such Court, or shall, by himself, his Clerks, Agents or Servants prepare, or cause to be prepared, written or engrossed, any Deed, Instrument or Writing, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be payable; or if any Merchant, Factor, Trader or other Person shall cause any Requisition or Request Note for any Permit, or any Certificate of a Permit, which Requisition or Request Note shall be liable to any Stamp Duty, to be prepared, written or printed, or partly written and partly printed, or to be used or delivered for or towards the obtaining of such Permit or Certificate, and the Vellum, Parchment or Paper upon which such Copy or other matter, Pleacting, Order or Proceeding, Deed, Instrument or Writing, Requisition or Requests Note shall be written or engrossed, shall be damped or marked with a false, forged or counterfeited Stamp or Mark, then and in every such cate every such Officer, Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Agent, Procurator, Proctor, Notary Public or Scrivener, Merchant, Factor, Trader or other Person respectively, shall, for every such false, forged or counterfeited Stamp or Mark, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency, unless he shall prove that the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so stamped or oaarked, was bought with the Stamps or Marks thereon at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or of same Distributor or Sub Distributor of Stamps, or of same Person been fed to fell Stamps.

XCIX. And be it farther enacted, That whenever any Deed or other Instrument which shall be subject to any Stamp Duty whatsoever shall be delivered for Registry to the Registrar or Deputy Registrar for registering Deeds in Ireland, or shall be delivered for Enrolment to any Officer of any of His Majesty's superior Courts in Dublin, or to any Clerk of the Peace or other Perton entrusted to enrol Deeds in Inland, such Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Officer, Clerk of the Peace or other Person, shall before the same shall be fa registered or enrolled respectively, examine carefully such Deed and the Stamp thereon, for which Examination the Person actually making the same, whether Principal or Deputy, shall receive for his own proper Use from the Person so delivering such Deed or Instrument a Sum or Fee of One Shilling and no more over and above all other lawfal Fees; and if such Deed shall not be stamped with a proper and legal Stamp to denote the Payment of the Duty which (halt appear to be payable thereon, such Registrar, Deputy Registrar or Officer, Clerk of the Peace or other Person shall not suffer such Deed to be registered or enrolled respectively

until

A.D. 1816;

56 GEO. III.

C. 56.

189

Penalty.

Receiving Memorial for Registry nnleft accompanied by Deed.

Penalty.

Attested Copy of Judgment not to be received in Evidence unless certified that Judgment was duly stamped.

Penalty.

Bail Bondi in cases of Arrest may be assigned ut any Sump, See.

until the same shall be duly damped; and if stich Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Officer, Clerk of the Peace or other rerfon, shall offend herein, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Suns of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

C And be it further enacted, That no Memorial shall be received for Registry by any Registrar or Deputy Registrar in Ireland, uolef* he shall receive at the same time the Deed or other In-(bnmeut required to be registered thereby; and if any such Registrar or Deputy Registrar mall receive such Memorial without such Deed or other Instrument, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That no attested Copy of any final Judgment, which shall have been entered iu Ireland before the Commencement of the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to regulate the Collection and Manage-meat of the Stamp Duties on Law Proceedings, Attornies, Solicitors,

Prodors and Corporate Officers in Ireland, and which shall have required a Stamp, shall be given or received in Evidence, unless the Officer attesting the same mall certify, not only that the same is a true Copy of such Judgment, but that such Judgment has been duly stamped; and if any Officer shall certify the same falsely, he (half, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

CII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be arrested by virtue of any Writ or Process of any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublint at the Suit of any common Person, and the Sheriff or otherOfficer shall take. Bail for such Person, against whom such Writ or Process shall issue, the Sheriff or other Officer, at the Request and Cost of the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit, or of his lawful Attorney, shall duly assign to the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit the Bail Bond or other Security taken from such Bail, by Indorsement according to Law, without any Stamp in respect of such Assignment; and also when and so often as it shall become necessary for any Sheriff or other Officer in Ireland having Authority to grant Replevins, to assign any Bail Bond of any Plaintiff in Replevin, to the Avowant or Defendant in such Action, then and in such case such Assignment may be made without any Stamp in respect thereof: Provided nevertheless, that no Action shall be brought under any Assignment iu any of the said cases until the same shall be first duly stamped with such Stamp as shall be then by Law required for such Affign-znent; and the said several Alignments shall, on Application at the Stamp Office in Dublin, at any time before any Action be brought thereupon, be duly stamped in such manner as shall be then required by Law, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum, lave only the Duty which shall be then payable thereon.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Com- Conveyancts to snencement of this Act, in all cases of the Sale of any Lands, Te- «*P«f» Confinements, Rents, Annuities or other Property, Real or Personal, or de"tio0 Money of any Right, Title, Interest or Claim in, to, out of or upon any '

Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities or other Property where a Duty is or (haO be from time to time imposed on the Conveyance thereof m proportion to the Amount of the Purchase or Consideration Money therein or thereupon expressed, the full Purchase or Confidenrion Money which (haul be directly or indirectly paid or

secured.

Proviso as to A3 ion on Af-figmnem.

0.56.

56* GKO. m.

A.D.U

Penalty.

Summarily recovered.

Parries giving Information indemnified and rewarded.

Purchasers may recover back from the Sellers so much of the Confidential as shall not be ez-prefled.

secured, or agreed to be paid for the same, shall be truly expn and set forth in Words at length in or upon the principal or Deed or Instrument whereby the Land or other thing fold (Hal granted, assigned, transferred, released, renounced or other wise veyed to or veiled in the Purchaser or Purchasers, or to or in other Person or Persons, by his, her or their Directk>n, and where, upon the Sale of any Annuity, Easement, Servitude or o Right, not before in existence, the same shall not be created actual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only be secured by Be Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contract or other Security, full Purchase or Consideration Money which shall be directly indirectly paid or secured, or agreed to be paid for the same, (I be truly expressed and set forth in Words at length in or upon Bond or other Instrument or Instrumenta by which the same ft be feetffed; and if in any of the said cases the full Purchase or Cc fideration Money shall not be truly expressed and set forth in mum hereby directed, the Purchaser and Purchasers, Seller and Seflerj and each and every of them, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pwwh and shall also he charged and chargeable with and be hokkafabl to the Payment of Five times the Amount of the Duty wbw should have been payable for such Deed, Bond or other Instrumd as aforesaid, in respect of the full Purchase or Consideration Mow; in case the same had been truly expressed and set forth m or npc such Deed, Bond or Instrument, beyond the Amount of the Did actually paid for the same, which Quintuple Duty shall be deemn and taken to be a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succefor of and from the Party or Parties relpe&ivdy hereby made liable \ pay the same, and may be recovered by a summary Application the Court of Exchequer, against any such Party, in (ike manner i any unpaid Stamp Duty may be recovered under the Provisions c any Act of Parliament made or to be made in that behalf.

CIV. Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That if an] or either of the Parties hereby made liable to the Payment of fuel Penalty and Quintuple Duty as aforesaid, shall give Information t< the Commissioners of Stamps, whereby such Penalty or Quintuple Duty, or any Part thereof, shall be recovered from any other Party oi Parties liable respectively thereto, the Party or Parties giriar tfa Information shall not only be indemnified and discharged of and from such hh, her or their Liability, but also be rewarded by the! Commissioners of Stamps out of the Penalty or Quintuple Duty fa recovered, to such Extent as the said Commissioners shall thick proper, hot not exceeding One Half of what shall be so recovered^ and where any other Person shall give Information whereby fochl Penalty or Quintuple Duty shall be retsovered, he or she shall be rewarded in the like manner.

CV. And be it further enacted, That where the lull Purchase or Consideration Money shall not be truly expressed or set forth in the manner hereby directed, it shall be lawful for the Purchaser or Purchasers, or any of them, or his, her or their Executors or Administrators, to recover back from the Seller or Seliers, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, so much and such Put of such Purchase or Consideration Monty as shall not be expressed and set forth as aforesaid, or the whole thereof, if no Part of the same shall be lb expressed and set forth, either in an Adioa for Money

A.B. 1816.

66° GEO. III.

C .66.

191

had and roared for the Use of the Party or Partiet filing for the same, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Cffoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, together with Double the Costs of Suit; but such Poitbafe or Conveyance shall not therefore be affected or impeached for any Want or lnadeauacy of Consideration, but the same shall be of the same Force, Validity and Eflfeft as if the Sum so recovered bad been expressed in the Deed or other Conveyance as the Confederation or Part of the Consideration thereof, and had been duly paid and retained accordingly.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Attorney, Solicitor Attornies, Sec. or other Person who shall be employed in or about the preparing of knowingly in-any such Deed, Bond or other Instrument, in or upon which the full thann^*Tfuirhfr Porchafe or Consideration Money is hereby required to be truly Coofideratkm: expressed and set forth as aforesaid, or who shall be employed for any of the Parties thereto in anywise about or relating to the Trans-a&ion therein mentioned, shall knowingly and wilfully insert or set forth, or cause to be inserted or set forth, in or upon any such Deed,

Bond or other Instrument, any other than the full and true Purchase or Consideration Money direaly or indirectly paid or secured, or agreed to be paid for the same, or shall in anywise aid or assist in the doing thereof reflectively, every such Attorney, Solicitor or other Ferfon so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of -Five Hundred Pounds. Penalty.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no ProvHo where Party, Attorney, Solicitor or other Person whosoever shall be liable iltK*

to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatsoever by reason of the full Purchase or Consideration Money not being truly expressed and set forth in or upon any such Deed, Bond or other Instrument as aforesaid, unless the Duty or Duties actually paid for the same shall be less than would have been payable for the same, in case the full Purchase or Consideration Money had been truly expressed and set forth according to the Directions of this A ft.

CVIII. And be it further enaCfeed, That where there shall be Du- Duplicate* and.plicate* or Triplicates, or more than One Part made of any Instru- Triplicate* of matt which shall be then by Law charged with any ad valorem charJd.eM> Doty, and of which One Part only shall be by Law chargeable with any ad valorem Duty, One of such Duplicates, Triplicates or Parts shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, and the other or others of them shall be exempted therefrom, but shall ne» vertheiris be charged with the ordinary Duty on Deeds and Conveyances in general, and the said Commimoners of Stamps, upon all the Parts of such Instruments being produced to them duly stamped as hereby required, shall cause the Duplicates, Triplicates or all other Pirts thereof respectively, except that on which the ad valorem Duty shall be fhunped, to be aMb stamped with some particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment of die find ad va* form Duty, and thereupon, but not before or otherwise, such Duplicate or Triplicate or other Part shall or may be received as Evidence in any Court of Justice.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That no Affidavit made for the No/Utiiritsfor Purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grand Jury far raffing Money far Repair of Roads, or for any other Public Pur- 0nod jurjigXm

pose, tsbedelirated

less than otherwise would luve been pay able.

192

cue.

56° GEO. III,

A.D. 181S.

unless duly stamped.

Collations, Presentatiens, Sic. to be filed in Registry of Dio-cefe and Certificate obtained that Instrument* have been duly stamped, if Stamps are retired, Ac c.

Induction made to the contrary void.

Penalty.

Registrars entitled to Fee for such Certificates.

Registrar offending.

Penalty.

Beneficed Persons to produce and prove such Certificates,

pose, shall be lodged with or received by the Secretary of any Grand Jury, nor shall be entered in any Schedule delivered to any Grand Jury, nor shall any such Affidavit he delivered by him to or laid by him before any Grand Jury, unless such Affidavit shall be written on Paper stamped with the Stamp which shall be then by Law required for the same, nor shall any Affidavit for accounting for any Money presented by any Grand Jury, be laid before any Grand Jury by the Secretary, or be read in Court, or authorize the Court to discharge any Quere, unless it shall be written on Paper duly damped.

CX. And be it further enacted, That no Collation, Presentation or Donation, to, of or for any Benefice or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion in Ireland, shall be good, valid or effectual, unless the same shall be in Writing under Hand and Seal, and shall be duly damped, if a Stamp shall be necessary thereon; and that every fucu Writing, as also all and every Presentation or Donation under the Great Seal of Ireland, shall be deposited with the Regidrar of the Diocese, who shall forthwith cause the same to be filed in the Re-gidry of the Diocese, and shall give to the Person so depositing the lame a Certificate that the same has been so deposited, and such Certificate shall further date either that such Indrument is duly damped, or that the same is not by Law subject to any Stamp, and shall also date the Date of such Indrument, and the Day of the Month and Year when such Indrument was so deposited or filed, and no Person shall be indu&ed into any Benefice or Promotion in Ireland, who shall not, previous to and at the time and Place of such Induction, produce such Certificate to the Person or Persons authorized to make such Induction, and if any Induction shall be made contrary to this Provision the same shall be wholly void and of no Effect, and every Person making the lame shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That every such Regidrar shall, for so receiving and filing such Indrument, and granting such Certificate thereof, be entitled to receive a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more, and a Fee of One Shilling and Sixpence for any new Certificate of the same matter that may be afterwards required; and if any such Regidrar shall refuse, neglect or omit to receive and file such Indrument, or to grant any such new Certificate, on reasonable Demand thereof, or shall certify therein any thing which shall not be true, (of the Truth whereof the Proof shall lie on him, ) he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling*

CXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, from and after the Commencement of this Act, or of any Act requiring the filing of such Indrument in Ireland, shall have received of (had receive any Benefice or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion in Ireland, shall be bound to produce and prove, and shall produce and prove such Certificate as aforesaid, as Part of his Title to such jfenefice or Promotion, upon any Trial or Hearing of any Action, Suit or Proceeding for the Recovery of any Tithe or Glebe or other Purpose whatever, before any Court of Law or Equity, or any Ecclesiastical Court, or any luminary Jurisdiction whatever, wherein it shall be necessary for him to produce or prove such his Title, and that without the Production and Proof of such Certificate, such Court or Jurisdiction shall deem such Title to be inv

perfefc

A.D. 181S.

56° GEO. III.

C> 56.

193

perfedand not duly proved, and shall decide accordingly, notwith-tboding any Consent or Adimission of the Parties or any of them.

' CXIII. And Whereas the Payment of Stamp Duties imposed 4 os the Admission of Fellows into the College of Physicians or'Ssraeotft, and of Freemen and others into other Corporations,

1 Gauds or Companies in Ireland, has been and may be evaded

Be it therefore enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said College Duties on Ad-

of Physicians or Surgeons, and for every Body Politic or Corporate,

Corporation, Guild or Company in Ireland, which shall admit any ^hyficUni, &c! Person or Persons into any such College, Corporation, Guild or and of Freemen Company, by themselves, or by some Person or Persons employed into Corpor-by such CoUege, Corporation, Guild or Company, and they are itions secured. hereby required, previously to the Admission of any such Person into such College, Corporation, Guild or Company, to demand and recefTe, for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person so admitted, the several and respective Stamp Duties which shall be then by Law payable on the Entry, Minute or Memorandum of Admission of such Person into such College,

Corporation, Guild or Company; and the proper Officer of such College, or Body Politic or Corporate, Corporation, Guild or Company, shall make an Entry, Minute or Memorandum of such Adnuffion upon the proper Stamp in some Book, Roll, or Record of such College, Corporation, Guild or Company, within one Month after such Person shall be so admitted into such College, Corporation, Guild or Company; and if such Officer shall neglect or refuse Officer offend-fo to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every such CoUege, Corporation, Guild or Company Penalty.

shall be answerable for all such Duties without any Proof of the same having been so received, or whether the same respectively shall have been so received or not, and the same shall be a Debt to His Maje&jr, and recoverable with Colts by a summary Application to the Court of Exchequer as any other unpaid Stamp Duty may be recovered under any Act or Acts in force or to be in torce in Ireland, for the Securing the Payment of the Stamp Duties.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That any and every Officer of Books of CoU the College of Physicians or Surgeons, or of any Corporation, le*e» Corpor-Gmld, Fraternity or Company in Ireland, who shall from time to fni^oDut^mVi time have in his Custody any Book, File, Record, Remembrance, be inspeaed by* Docket or Proceeding of or belonging to such College, Corpora- an Officer ef don, Guild, Fraternity or Company, the Sight or Knowledge Stamps, whereof may tend to the securing any of His Majesty'a Stamp Duties which now are or shall at any time be by Law payable in Ireland, or to the Proof or Discovery of any Fraud or Omillion in relation thereto, or to any of them, shall at all seasonable times permit any Person thereunto authorized by die Commissioners of Stamps, to try, search, inspect, and view all such Books, Files,

Records, Remembrances, Dockets and Proceedings as aforesaid,

without Fee or Reward, and to take thereout such Notes and Without Fee.

Memorandums as shall be necessary for the Purposes last mentioned,

without Fee or Reward; and if any such Officer shall refuse or ne- Officer refufiof,

gleffc so to do, upon Demand made by such Person so authorized as &c.

aforesaid, such Officer so refilling or neglecting shall, for every such

Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds. Penalty.

£6 Gm. III. O CXV. And

*8*

£.5.6,

J^OEO. III.

A.D. 18

Duty on Probates, Arc. to be payable only in respect of Value of such Estate as lliall be (ituated in Ireland.

Probate, See* effectual for recovering Trust Property.

A 'idavit or Affirmation before granting Probate, &c. that Estate and Effects of Deceased are undervalue of a specified Sun*

Such Affidavit to be in the Form in the annexed Schedule. Proceedings thereon.

CSV. And h? it further ensued, That the several Stamp Di from time to time iinposed by Law ia Mand % upon aay prok or Letters of Adnunistration, or Receipts for Legacies or Sb or Proportions of any Estate or Effect* shall be deemed pad ta to be changeable and charged* and payable and paid* only in rdj of the Amount or Value of such Estate and Effects as Act fitq*ted in Ireland, and of such Legacies as shall be payable am Estate*. Effects in Irelands and that po Person shall be den pr tafien to have proved any Will in Ireland until be Hull ha*tailed Probate thereof from the proper Ecclesiastical Court ^reldpcL

CXYL And be it further enacted, That the Probate of the \ Of any Peajfon deceased, or the Letters of Admiaiftratico of Efie&s of any Person deceased, heretofore granted or to be horaf granted in Ireland, (baft be deemed and taken to be valid and an able by the Executor* or Administratora of the Deceased (or i covering, transferring or afigvuag any Debt or Debt* of oth Per fan a] Estate or Effects, hereof or whereto the Deceased w? pofteffcd or entitled* either wholly or partially, as a Tralee, w withstanding th*t the Amount or Value of such Debt or Debt or other Personsd Estate or Effects, or the Amount or Valued much thereof, or such Interest therein, aa was Trust Property in \ Deceased (*s the case may be) shall not be included in the Amor or Value of the Estate in respect of which the Stamp Duty« paid oq such. Probate or Letters of Administration.

CXVIL And bo it further enacted, That from and aftert Commencement of this A#* no Ecclesiastical Court or Jurisdidi in IreJandi (Ml grant Probate of the Will or Letters of Adminish lion of the Estate and Effe&$ of any Per (bo deceased, without i requiring and receiving from the Berfon or Personi applying for t Probate or Letter* of Administration, or from fonac other compel Person or Persons, an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation in the cj of Quakers, in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto aoneu that the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, for or in resperi which tlic Probate or Letters, of Administration is or are to granted, are under the Value of a certain Sum to be (perilled such Affidavit* to the best of the Deponent's or Affirmant's Kooi ledge, Information and ftclfef, and according to the Account i bo annexed to such Affidavit* according to which Sum the Sun Duty shaft be ascertained which shall be then required qb k Probate or Letters of Admmiftnation, which Affidavit or Affid ation shaft be made before the Surrogate or other Person who fa audmmifter the usual Oath for the due. Administration of the Efa and Effecta of the Deceased.

CXVIIL And be it further eaa&ed. That every such Aid or Affirmation shaft be exempt from Stafnp Duty, and shall beat! Form it* the find Schedule to this Act annexed drafted in than sped, anft shaft; when duly Cworo be certified accordingly by i Registrar of the Court, and shall, together with the Copy of i Will or Extract or Account of the Letters of Adaiaiflration which it shaft relate, be transmitted by the Registrar of the Con to the proper Officer at tlw Stamp Office in, Dublin., if such Cos shall be in the City or County of Dublin, and if in any other Pi Ireland^ then to the Distributor of the Diftsid ia which fa

15 Cot

A-D.181&

GEO. III.

C.fifi.

19S

Court flail be, which Distributor shall forthwith transmh such Afidbnt to the proper Officer at the Stamp Office in Dublin, and eacfcifld ettry Affidavit so received at the Stamp Office from any RerAnr or Distributor shall be forthwith filed in the said Stamp Omx; and on the Receipt of such Affidavit by the proper Officer st the Stamp Office, if the Court be in the City or County of Dublin, or by die Distributor if in any other Part ot Ireland, and on Pay-rat of the Duty payable in respect of such Probate or Letters of Admaniftratioe, the proper Officer of the Stamp Office in Dublin$ or the Distributor of Stamps, as the case shall require, shall forthwith iflbe and deliver to the Party paying such Duty on Parchment or Vellum damped with the proper Stamp according to the Amount mentioned in such Affidavit, together with a Certificate of having received such Affidavit and of the Amount of Personal Property aradooed therein, and of the Payment of the proper Duty for the Probate or Letters of Administration in respect thereof; and if any Registrar or other Officer whose Duty k (nail be, shall neglect to transrsk such Affidavk or Affirmation to the said Commissioners of

8tamps, as hereby directed* or (hull issue any such Probate or Letters of Adtatuiflraftion without having tnmfmitted such Affidavit, and received such Certificate as aforesaid, oT upon Vellum or Parchment not stamped with a Stamp of the proper Amount according to such Certificate, then and in every such case every Person so offending fhdS forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

CXJJL And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of thin Act, where any Person on applying for the Probate of a Will oar Letters of Administration in Ireland shall have estimated the Estate and Effefte of the Deceased to be of a

nor Value than the same shall have afterwards proved to be, and in confoquenoe have paid too high a Stamp Duty thereon, if such Ferfim Hull produce the Probate or Letters of Administration to tbr find Commissioners of Stamps, within .Six Calendar Months after the true Value of schc Estate and Effects have been ascertained, and k shall be difeovesed that too high a Duty was first paid on the frdnte or Letters of Administration, and shall deliver to them a particular Inventory and Account and Valuation of the Estate and J3fle£h of the Deceased, verified by an Affidavit (or solemn Affirm-afoo^ m tbr case of Quakrra); and if it shall thereupon fatiafo&orily appear to the fold Commissioners that a greater Stamp Duty was poadon the Probate or Letters of Administration than the Law require^ k flail bo lawful for the said Commissioners to cancel and rupmsgr -the Stamp* on the said Probate or Letters of Administration, and to substitute another Stamp for denoting the Duty which ought to* have been paid thereon, and to make an Allowance for the JXttresee between them as in the cases of spoiled Stamps, or to uepoy thrfomem Money at the Difcrefeon of the said Commissioners.

C3LX. And bek further enabled. That firom and after the puffing of ffitM, where any Person On applying for the Probate of a Witt or Letters «f Administration, shall have estimated the Estate and Efie&s of the Deceased to be of less Value than the same shall have afterwarda proved to be, and shall in consequenoe have paid too dttde Stay Duty thereon, it shall be lawful for the said Com-WBaSkaam ai Stamps, on Delivery to them of an Affidavit or solemn fiffignbdaisf theValue of the Estate and Effectt of. the Decoded,

0 2 to

Officer offirtiding.

Penalty.

Where the high a Duty has been paid for Probate.

Verified by Affidavit.

Relief!

Where the Duty* has been paid too little, Probate, See. to receive the proper Stamp on certain Condition*

196

C. 60.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 18

Proviso as to time of Applica-cation.

Affidavit, & c.

Relief.

In cases of Let-ten of Administration on which too little Duty has been paid, Commissioners shall not cause same to be duly stamped, until Administrator has given proper Security.

Probates, &c. paying too little Duty through Mistake, Execu-ton, See. to apply within Six Months after the Discovery.

f Sic.

Penalty.

Credit to be given of rhe Duty on Pro-

to cause the Probate or Letters of Administration to he duly ftanj on Payment of the full Duty which ought to have been origin

?aid thereon in respect of such Value, and of the further San 'enalty payable by Law for damping Deeds after the ExecO thereof, without any Deduction or AUowance for the Stamp D originally paid on such Probate or Letters of Administrai Provided always, that if the Application shall be made within! Calendar Months after the true Value of the Estate and EC shall be ascertained, and it shall be discovered that too little Dl was at first paid on the Probate or Letters of Administration; i if it shall appear by Affidavit or solemn Affirmation to the Si faction of the said Commissioners that such Duty was paid in a sequence of any Mistake or Misapprehension, or of its not be known at the time that some particular Part of the Estate u Effects belonging to the Decealed, and without any Intention < Fraud, or to delay the Payment of the full and proper Doty, the it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to remit the before mentioned Penalty, and to cause the Probate or Letter* of Ad ministration to be duly stamped, on Payment only of the Somv\uc shall be wanting to make up the Duty which ought to have been; first paid thereon.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enadfeed, That cases of Letters of Administration, on which too little Sump Du shall have been paid at first, the said Commissioners of Stamps 1h not cause the same to be duly damped in the manner aforefad w the Administrator shall have given such Security to the Ecclesiastic Court or Ordinary by whom the Letters of AdmimftratioD & have been granted, as ought by Law to have been given on the gru ing thereof in case the full Value of the Estate and Effeftsof t Deceased had been then ascertained, and also that the iaidCoi missioners of Stamps shall yearly or oftener transmit an Account I the Probates or Letters of Administration upon which the Stamj shall have been redtified in pursuance of this Act, to the few Ecclesiastical Courts by which the same shall have been grante together with the Value of the Estate and Effects of the Dectife upon which such Ratification shall have proceeded.

CXXI I. And be it further enacted, That where too little Dot shall have been paid on such Probate or Letters of Adainiftntioi in consequence of any Mistake or Misapprehension, or of it* Q being known at the time that some particular Part of the Estate u Effects belonged to the Deceased, if any Executor or Adrniniftm adfcing under such Probate of + Letters of Administration shall o withinJSix Calendar Months after the passing of tins Act, or aft the Discovery of the Mistake or Misapprehension, or of any Etb or Effects not known at the time to have belonged to the Dectift apply to the said Commissioners of Stamps, and pay what fb& wanting to make up the Duty which ought to have been paid at on such Probate or Letters of Administration, he or she (hill W the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and also a further Sum at i after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount of Sum wanting to make up the proper Duty.

CXXlft. And Whereas it has happened in the Case of Lett*of Administration on which the proper Stamp Duty hath not b paid at first, that certain Debts, Chattels, Real or other Effa

U

A.D. 181A

56° GEO. III.

C .<56.

197

doe or belonging to the Deceased, have been found to be of such b*tei, &cJn

pest Value that the Administrator hath not been po defied of ctrum 4 Moocv sufficient either of his own or of the Deceased to pay the

' /equiate Stamp Duty, in order to render such Letter* of Ad*

'oisistration available for the Recovery thereof by Law: And'Whereas the like may occur again, and it may also happen that ' Executor* of Persons entitled to take out Letter* of Administra- tion may, before obtaining Probate of the Will or Letters of Ad- minifbation of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, find some 4 considerable Part or Parts of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased

so drcomftanced a* not to be immediately got Poifeflion of, and

may not have Money sufficient either of their own or of the 1 Deceased to pay the Stamp Duty on the Probate or Letters of

Administration, which it shall be necessary to obtain ; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps, on satisfactory

Proof of the FaA, by Affidavit or solemn Affirmation in any such Affidavit or

case as aforesaid, which may appear to them to require Relief, to Affirmation.

cause the Probate or Letters of Administration to be duly stamped

for denoting the Duty payable, or which ought originally to have

been paid thereon, and to give Credit for the Duty, either upon

Payment of the beforementioned Penalty, or without, in cases of

Probates or Letters of Administration already obtained, and upon

which too little Duty shall have been paid, and either with or without

Allowance of the Stamp Duty already paid thereon, as the case

may require, under the Provisions of this Act; provided in all such PwilU

cases of Credit, the Security be first given by the Executors or

Administrators, together with Two or more sufficient Sureties, to

be approved of by the said Commissioners by a Bond to His Majesty,

his Heirs or Succefibrs, in Double the Amount of the Duty, for the

due and full Payment of the Sum for which Credit shall be given,

within Six Calendar Months, or any less Period, and of the Interest

for the lame at the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum*

from the Expiration of such Period until Payment thereof, in case of

any Default of Payment at the time appointed, and such Probate or

Letters of Administration been f duly stamped in the manner afore- t Su»

laid, shall be as valid and available as if the proper Duty had been at

first paid thereon, and the lame had been stamped accordingly^

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at Time of Credit the Expiration of the time to be allowed for the Payment of the may be extended. Duty on such Probate or Letters of Administration, it shall appear to the Satida&ioQ of the said Commissioners that the Executor or Administrator to whom such Credit shall be given as aforesaid shall not have recovered Efie&s of the Deceased to an Amount sufficient for the Payment of the Duty* it shall be lawful for the said Cora-snffioner* to give such further time for the Payment thereof, and upon such Terms and Conditions as they shall think expedient.

CXXV* Provided Also, and be it further enacted, That the Pro- Probate, &c. bate or - Letters of Administration, so to be stamped on Credit as "hen aforesaid, shall be deposited with the said Commissioners of Sumps, and shall not be delivered up to the Executor or Administrator until CoatmiffioaeiY Payment of the Duty, together with such Interest as aforesaid, if any shall become due; but the same shall neverthelef* be produced in Evidence by some Officer of the Commissioners of Stamp*, at the

O S Ex pence

196

Duty for which Credit is given to be a prefer, able Debt.

Penalty.

Letters of Ad. miniftmtion de bonis non to be stamped in cases where Credit is given.

Valid.

Executors, &c. to deliver to Com. missioners an Account of Estate of Deceased, and all Payments made.

to what case Account on Oatfw

C. 56. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 1S16.

Expence o tthe Executor or Administrator, at Occafum Stall require.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Duty for which Credit shall be given as aforesaid, shall be a Debt to His Magefty, his Heirs and Succeftbrs, from the Personal Estate of the Deceased, and shall be paid in preference to and before any other Debt whatsoever due mm the said Estate; and if any Executor or Administrator of the Estate of the Deceased shall pay any other Debt in preference thereto, he or {he shall not only be charged with and be liable to pay the Duty out of his or her own Estate, but shall also forfeit the Sum of Site hundred Pounds.

CXXVI I. And be it further enacted, That if before Payment of the Duty for which Credit shall be given m any such case as aforesaid, it shall become necessary to take out Letters of Administradon de bonis non of the Deceased, it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps to caufie such Letters of Administradon de bonis non to be duly stamped with the particular Stamp provided to be used on Letters of Administradon of that Kind, for denoting the Payment of the Duty in respect of the Effects of the Deceased, on some prior Probate or Letters of Administradon of the same Effect, in such and the same manner as if the Duty had been actually paid upon having the Letters of Administradon de bonis non deposited with the said Commissioners, and upon having such further Security for the Payment of the Duty as they shall thiuk expedient j and such Letters of Administradon shall be as valid and available as if the Duty for which Credit shall be given had been paid.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Executor and Administrator, or other Person or Persont having or taking the Burthen or Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument, or the Administradon of the Personal Estate of any Person deceased, shall before such Executor, Administrator, or other Person shall retain for their own Use or for the Benefit of any other Person or Persont, or shall transfer, pay, deliver, satisfy or otherwise discharge the Residue of the Personal Estate, and the Residue of Monies anting from the Sale or Mortgage of any Real Estate directed by any Testamentary Instrument to be sold or mortgaged, or any certain proportional Part of such Residue, to the Person or Ferfoos entitled thereto, deliver to the Commissioners of Stamp Dudes os their Officers a full and just Account of the Personal Estate of the Deceased, and of the Monies anting from the Sale or Mortgage of Real Estate, or the Value of the Real Estate, if not fold, when the same is directed by the Will or other Testamentary Instrument of the Deceased, to be absolutely fold or mortgaged, and of all lawful Payments made out of such Personal Estate, and the Monies anting from the Sale or Mortgage of such Real Estate on the Forms printed for such Accounts by Order of the said Commissiooers of Stamp Duties, when and as far as such Forms can be made applicable to the Account to be delivered, and when they will not so apply, die Account may be rendered in such Form as shall sufficiently answer the Purposes desired, and the said Commissioners or their Officers shall examine such Account, and if it shall appear to them to be a just and proper. Account they shall assess the Duty thereon, but if the Commissioners shall not be (atisfied with the Account delivered, it shall be lawful for them to require an Account to be Tendered os

Oath

A.B.1S1&

C. re.

19$

Proceedings may be ioftituted for Recovery Oulstand

ry of nding

Oath or Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation (hill be accordin: to the Form prescribed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and Hi: be administered by a Justice of the Peace, or Mailer or Mailers Extraordinary in Chancery; and if it shall appear by the books of the Qtid ConttniffiOners that there are any OUtftahding Duties due and payable on Legacies or Annuities, it shall be lawful for the said uullMnail, tbmmissioners to require Paytoent of such Duties within a specified Dutiei payable time, and that if after such Recpiifition the same shall hot be paid, or 0: 1 Legacies or Cause {hewn to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners within the Annuitic*. time decided why the same should not be paid, it shall be lawful for the (mid Commissiohers to inditute Proceedings in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer again It the Executors br Administrators, or Person Or Persons taking the Burthen of the Execution oF the Wilt or Administration of the Personal Estate of the Deceased, or acting ai TYuftee or Trustees, and sllfo against the Legatee to whom the Legacy or Annuity upon which such Duty shall appear to be unpaid (haS hare been given, if the Circumstances of the case requite it, for the Payment of the Duty; and if after such Proceedings shall be instituted it shall be shewn that by reafoii of the Death of the Legatee or Annuitant in the Lifetime of the Deceased, or of the Legacy not being of the Value of Twenty Pounds, or from any other Cause, no Duty is payable, it shall be lawful for the Court Cost* paid by in which finch Suit shall be inftitiited to order all Costs, Charges and way of Penalty. Expences attending such Proceedings to be paid by the Person or PedToitf of Whom the said Commissioncts shall have required Payment of the Duty, by way of Penalty for not having, after such Requifi-tion, shewn to the Satisfaction of the Coramiifioners that no Duty was payable on such Legacy or Annuity.

CXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Where proved it shall be proved by Oath of proper Vouchers, to the Satisfaction Efl*l.e of of- tin* said Comtmffioners of Stamps, that an Executor or Admi- ducwfby PayV nistrator hath paid Debts due and owing from the Deceased, and pay- racnt of Debts, able by Law, out of his or her Personal or Moveable Estate, to and a left Stamp such an Amount as, being deducted from the Amount or Value of 00 th« Probate the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, for or in respect of which a "°!iw hav* doue> Probate or Letters of Administration shall have been granted afoot* the Commencement of this A£fc, shall reduce the same io a Sum which* if it had been the whole grofo Amount or Value of such Estate tod Effects, would have occaftdned a less Stamp Duty to be paid 6n such probate or Letter of Administration than shall have been actually paid thereon under and by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful fbt1 the fodd CoMrtrissioners to return the Difference, provided the same shall be claimed within Three Years after the Date of such Pitobafe 6r Letters of Administration as aforesaid; but where, by Tie w«hjn rttfea ot nay Proceeding at Law or ih Equity, the Debts due from ^hi^hd^latm the Deceased shall not have been ascertained and paid, or the Effcdls hc ra* e* of the Deceased shall not have been recovered and made available, atid in Cttafequence thereof the Executor or Administrator shall be tjrMrtted frbrt claiming such Return of Duty as aforesaid within the said Ttrtlr of Three Years, it (ftall be lawful for the Commissionera at &tiApt €6 allow such further time for Making the Claim as may dpfttftf th them tb be restforiable under the Circlimstances of the case.

GXXlL Add bd it forthef enabled, 'fhat where the Executors or Executors Adritiniftrtttirtdf aby Ifafdft deeekfod shall be delirous of transferring P*1"11*

0 4 or

200

C .56.

56° GEO* III.

A.D. 18

transfer Stocks or of receiving the Dividends of any Share Handing in the Name of] Deceased, or and in any of the Government or Parliamentary Sto Decodedm or pun^g transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, or of and ini Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of i land, or of and in the Stock or Funds of any other Company, C poration, or Society whatsoever, passing by Transfer in the Boi of such Company, Corporation or Society under and by virtue any such Probate or Letters of Administration as aforesaid, and & alledge that the Deceased was possessed thereof or entitled therei either wholly or partially as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the [ Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and for any fi other Company, Corporation or Society as aforesaid, or their respe ive Officers, for their Indemnity and Protection to require such A davit or Affirmation of the Fad as hereinafter is mentioned, if t Sass shall not other wise satisfadorily appear, and thereupon to pern such Executors or Administrators to transfer the Stock or Food question, or receive the Dividends thereof, without regtrd to tb Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the De ceased, or Letters of Administration of his or her Effects; an where the Executors or Administrators of any Person deceased have occasion to recover any Debt or Debts, or any other Person! Effects, due or apparently belonging to the Deceased, and Gu alledge that the Deceased was pouefled thereof or entitled there either wholly or partially as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for tl Person or Persons liable to pay or deliver such Debt or Debts or oth Affidavit or Af- Effect9 to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad ai hereii firnmion being after is mentioned, if the Fad shall not otherwise satisfadorily a made to the pear, and thereupon to pay, deliver or make over the Debt or Deb) or other Effects in question to such Executors or Administrators, I as they shall direct, without regard to the Amount of the Sum Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters I Administration of his or her Effects; and where the Executors < Administrators of any Person deceased shall have occasion to a % or transfer any Debt or Debts due to the Deceased, or any Chatte Real or other Personal Effects whereof or whereto the Deceased w; pofTessed or entitled, and shall alledge that the same respectively wa or were due to or veiled in the Deceased either wholly or pirtiail] as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons to vbon o\ for whofc Use such Debt or Debts, Chattels Real or other Personal Effects, shall be proposed to be assigned or transferred, to rtquir such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad as hereinafter is mention ed, if the Fad shall not otherwise satisfadorily appear, and them upon to accept the proposed Affighment or Transfer, without rep to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of th Deceased, or the Letters ot Administration of his or her Effects h Ireland.

Special Affidavit CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon any such Rep to be made by iition as aforesaid, the Executor or Executors, Administrator a Executors, Ac. Administrators of the Deceased, or some other Person or Person* ti pc h*eW by the w^om t^lc Fads shall be known, shall make a special Affidavit fl Deceased in Affirmation of the Fads and Circumstances of the case, Rating th

trust, See* Property in question, and that the Deceased had pot any bcoehcia

Interest whatever in the same, or had no other beneficial Intern therein than shall be particularly mentioned and set forth (as the erf

ms]

A-D.im

56-GEO.IIL

C. 66,

SOI

mxf be), k wai possessed thereof or entitled thereto either wholly or apt fed* case mar be) in trust for some other Person or Name or Name# or other sufficient Description Hull Winied is such Affidavit or Affirmation, or for such Purposes at fcfjrfiedfied therein; and that the beneficial Interest of the De-ett/tfaj) in the Property in question, doth not exceed a eerie Woe, to be therein al(b (pedfied according to the bed Estimate ffitcao be made thereof, if reversionary or contingent, and that the Amount or Value of the Estate for which the Stamp Duty was paid at the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or on the Letters of Adnxiaiftratioa of his or her Efsect, is sufficient to include and cover such beneficial Interest of the Deceased as well as the rest of the Per-

twol Eftase, whereof or whereto the Deceased was beneficially pof-iefledoreodtled, and for which such Probate or Letters of Admi-niftnaoo M hsvt been granted, as far as the same have come to the Knowledge of such Executor or Executors, Adminiiirator or Admkiinton, and where the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and Circnoftaacesof theTrufb shall be made by any other Person than the Executor or Executors, Adminiiirator or Administrators of the DecnteA, such Executor or Executors, Adminiiirator or Administra-toniyiinake Affidavit or Affirmation that the same are true to the bei of bn, her or their Knowledge and Belief, and that the Property in qoefbao»intended to be applied and disposed of accordingly; wludt Aidant or Affirmation shall be sworn or made before a Mailer Sworn btfoew in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, (who is hereby authorized " to take the fane and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for Wun*ery' that Parade, ) and shall be delivered to the Party or Parties requiring the same, and shall be sufficient to indemnify and protect the Party or Parties reaming the same, and also the Party or Parties acting upon the Faith thereof; and if any Person or Persons making any such A&dirit at Affirmation as aforesaid shall knowingly and wilfully make afahe Oath or Affirmation of or concerning any of the natters to be therein specified and set forth, every Person so offending asd bang thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to (ad Pan sad Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury ikaHtheabe subject and liable to by or under any Law then Pwjury. ia force*

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit kirokation of shall be brought pr commenced against any Person or Persons for A , om' any thing done under the Authority or in pursuance of this Act, or of any Act which shall be then in force in Irelandf relating in anywise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, (ait where otherwise particularly directed, then, and in every

such case, the said Action or Suit mail be commenced within Six Calendar Moods after the Fad committed and not afterwards, and U be faronght in the County or Place where the Cause of Action U arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in hAAction or Suit to be brought, may plead the General Issue, General I(!ue ttdjrw the {pedal Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had ttatfoi, asd that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority q{ this Act, or such other Acts as aforesaid; and if it shall appear t» I* so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the taw so limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in tny Comty, City or Place, other than as aforesaid, then and in

every

C. 56.

S6» GEO. III.

A.D.J

*02

Treble Costs.

Penalties payable in Biitiih Currency.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Penalties incurred by Officer* of Court, Ac. how recovered.

Regulations where Seizures are made.

every such case the Plaintiff in such Action Audi be nbnsuited; a the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be so or otherwise rtonsuited, or difcootinue hit* her or their Aftiofi, or if a Verdict fha! against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgr shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff*, the Defendan Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or) for Costs of Suit in other cases by Law.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties wl Audi be incurred under this Act, or under any Act or Acts whic or are or Aiall be in force in Ireland, in attywife relating to the I ment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, shall be \ and payable, and received and receivable in British Currency, un otherwise expressly directed.

CXXXIV. And be It further enacted, That all Penalties a Forfeitures imposed or to be imposed by or under this Act, or at Act or Afte which is or are or (null be in force in /rr/ait/, in an; wife relating to the Payment or Regulation of any 8tartpDutyc Duties, may be recovered with Costs of Suit by His Majest^s A tomey General on behalf of His Majesty, or by the Inspector Ger ral of Stamp Duties, or by any other Inspector of Stamp Duti' or by any other Officer or Person thereto authorized by the Comm fioners of Stamps, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, in whi no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Ii parlance shall be allowed; or by Civil Bill in the Court of t Recorder, Chairman or Assistant Barrister, within whole local Jut diction such Offence Aiall have been committed $ and that every fu Penalty, not particularly directed to be otherwise applied, shall paid to the Use of His Majesty; provided that in case of any fu Proceeding by or id the Name of any such Inspector General, oroth Inspector or Officer, or other Person authorized as aforesaid, it lb and may be lawful to and for the Comrtriffionert of Stamp Dmiet order to be paid to such Inspector General or other Inspector, other Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid, out of the Ptoill recovered therein, such Sum, not exceeding One Moiety of such Pi nalty, as the said Commissioners of Stamps Aiall think proper; id that the like Appeal Aiall and may be lawful from the Dedfift o| any such Civil Bill, and under the same Terms, Regulations an Conditions, as in the case of any Civil Bill for any Sum not eJ ceeding Twenty Pounds, in any Action of Debt on a Bond, Bill, < Specialty for Payment of Money only.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every fi unities and Penalty for or in respect of any Offence to be comtnittJ by any Officer of any Coart, or any Six Clerk, SoHtitor, Attend Proctor, Notary Public or Procurator, as such, against this Act any other Act or Acts in anywise relating to the Colfeftiofl or Mi nagement of any Stamp Duties or Duty, shall aid may be itaw and recoverable with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, f or Information, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jariftt and not otherwise.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every case which, by or under the Provisions of this Act or rf ittf oAm Ai or Acts to force, or which shall at any time be in fores bfrcbni, ti

latinj

A.D. 1M6.

56°GEO.IIL

a 56.

203

lnkgkuprik to die Foment or Regulation of anj Stamp Duty or Dutie* toy Seizure i« directed or permitted to be made, the Ferfoo or Petfeas making such Seizure Audi, within Ten Days from the tine of making nich Seizure, leave at the Office of the Distributor of t&eDi&rid wherein such Seizure shall have been made, a Note io Writing signed by such Person or Persons, Hating the time and Place of loch Seizure and the Reason for making the same, which /fete shall be immediately filed at the said Office; and in such case it (foil and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners, or any of the Owner* of such Goods so seized, or of any Part thereof, at any time after the filing of such Note, and within Twenty-one Day* from the Day of such Seizure, to require and obtain a Copy of such Note, paying for the same One Shilling and no more, and to leave at such Office a Claim in Writing, signed by such Person or Persects, dating his or her Place of Abode, and claiming such Goods so seized, or any Part thereof, that may be specified therein, as or on behalf of the Owner or Owners, or one of the Owners thereof, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person or Person* making such Seizure, at any time not exceeding Thirty Days from the making of such Seizure, to require a Copy of such Cham, paying for the same One Shilling and no more, and to make Application to any Justice of the Peace, in and for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, wherein such Seizure shall have been so made, for a Summons to the Person or Persons so making such Claim, and such Justice of the Peace shall issue such Summons accordingly, thereby requiring every such Claimant to appear before him at a time and place to be therein named, for the Decision of such Claim; and such Summons, being duly served on such Claimant or Claimants, either personally or at his, her or their Place of Abode mentioned in such Claim, and Copies of such seizing Note and Chum, attested by the Distributor of such Distriffc, or Person or Persons acting at such, being produced before such Justice of the Peace, he shall and may proceed to hear the Merita thereof; and such Evidence or Admimon, if any, as may be produced or made applicable thereto, and shall thereupon, or upon the Nonap-pearaace of either Party, decide on the Merits of such Seizure, and make h» Adjudication thereon accordingly: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for either Party, against whom such Adjudication shall be made, at any time within Ten Days frofti the making thereof, to appeal therefrom, in manner hereinafter men>-tioned, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held after Fourteen clear Days from such Adjudication, who shall, in a summary Way, hear and cfecide on the same; and in case the Judgment of such Justice of the Peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices at Sessions as afore-fiud, to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Cols occasioned by such Appeal, as to Kim or them shall seem meet.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the Person or Persons so making such Seizure shall not leave such Notice in Writing at fitch Distributor* Office as aforesaid, or in case of such Claim being put in at aforesaid, shall not cause such Summons to be issued and fared as aforesaid, such Seizure shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Pnrpofa to have been unlawfully made; and if

after

Note of Seizure left at Office of Distributor.

Persons claiming may havo Copy of Note.

Persons seizing may have Copy of Claim.

Decision of Claim by whom and how made.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

Seizures without giving proper Notice, void.

SO* C. 56. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 1816.

after the filing of such seizing Note as aforesaid, such Claim shall not be made as aforesaid, such Seizure shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to have been lawful and jull; and if such Summons shall have been issued, then the Adjudication of such Justice, if not effectually appealed from, and in case of such Appeal, the Decision of the Court of Quarter Sessions shall be final and con* elusive to all Intents and Purposes.

Appeal. CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That theJParty de-

firous of making such Appeal shall within Ten Days from the mak-Recognitance. ing such Adjudication enter into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties, before the Justice making such Adjudication, or in his Absence, before any other Justice of the Peace of the same County, or County of a City, in such Sum as such Justice shall think proper, to pay the Costs, if any, which may be adjudged against mm, her or them thereon, and if he, (he or they shall not so do, such Appeal shall be null and void.

Any Justice may CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be determine Of- lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, within whose Juris* Penak^doesnot diction any Offence, for which the Penalty shall not exceed Forty exceed 40L Pounds, shall be committed against this Act, or against any other Act or Acts in force, or which shall at any time be in force in Ire-landf relating in auywife to the Payment or Regulation of a»v Stamp Duties or Duty, save where the contraryisexpressly directea, and every such Justice is hereby authorized, empowered and required, upon any Information or Complaint in Writing in such case, to summon the Party accused of such Offence, and also the Witnesses if any, on either Side, and to examine into the Fast, and upon Proof thereof made to his Satisfaction, either by the Confefiion of the Party or Person accused of such Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment for such Penalty and Warrant tar Costs to be assessed by such Justice, and thereupon to issue his War-^Vdyi^<LeMltT rant UQder his Hand and Seal, for levying such Penalty and Costs an Lolls. on the Goods of such Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days* rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any), and where Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty and Costs, such Justice of the Peace, or any other Justice of the Peace of the Dune County, or County of a City or Town, in which such Conviftioa shall take place, is hereby authorized and empowered to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison, for such time as such Justice shall judge to be proper, not leis than One Calendar Month, nor more than Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Costs Appeal to Quar- be sooner paid; and if any Person, whether Prosecutor or Party ter Sessions. convisted, shall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice of the Peace, and (hau be minded and desirous of appealing therefrom, then and in such case such Person being a Prosecutor shall give sufficient Security by Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties before such Justice, to pay such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, and in case such Appeal shall be by the Party convisted, then such Party shall give sufficient Security by Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties before such Justice, to pay the Amount of the Penalty imposed and the Costs awarded by such Conviction, to* gether with such further Costs as aforesaid, and thereupon it shall

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

SOI

be lawful for any such Person respectively to appeal to the Justices

at the arzt General Sessions of the County which shall be held after

Fourteen dear Days from the Day in which such Conviction shall

bate (wen made, in the District in which such Offence shall have been

committed, if such County shall be divided into Districts, or if not so

divided, then at the General Sessions of the County, or County of

a Town or City, which Audi happen next after Fourteen clear Days

after such Convictioii'shall have been made, of which Appeal Notice Notice of Ap-

in Writing shall be given to the adverse Party Ten clear Days peal*

previous to the First Day of such Quarter Sessions respectively,

and such Juiiices at such Sessions shall summon and examine Wit-

neffes upon Oath, and finally hear and determine such Appeal;

and in case the Judgment of such Justice of the Peace shall be

affirmed, it shall* and may be lawful for the Justicea at such Sessions

as aforesaid, to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay

such Coils occasioned by such Appeal, as to such Justices mall seem Colls.

meet; and the Justices at such Sessions shall and may thereupon

proceed in the same manner in all Respects as the Justice making

such Conviction might or could have done if such Appeal had not

taken place; and noCertiorari shall in any case be granted to examine or Certiorari.

remove any such Conviction, whether before or after any such Appeal.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable Complaints to be convicted before any Justice of the Peace for any Offence within Twelve committed against this Act, or any other Act imposing or in anywise £1?nth# after relating to the Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty or °ffcncc* Duties, unless Complaint shall be made within Twelve Months from the time of committing such Offence.

CXLI. And be it further eoacted, That it shall not be necessary Tn Proceedings in any Proceeding for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture, or for Recovery of for summoning any Witness or other Person under this Act, or under any Act or Acts in force from time to time for the Payment of any Service Stamp Duty or Duties, or for regulating any fuchDuties or Duty,e or the Collection thereof, whether the same shall be by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or by Civil Bill, or by any Proceeding before a Magistrate or Magistrates, or on any Writ of Error or Appeal from any Decision, that the Original, or any other Procefis or Summons, or any Notice or Order whatsoever should be personally served on the Defendant or Defendants or Person or Persons so to be summoned, or any of them, but it shall in all such cases be sufficient that the same be served at hia, her or their then Place or Places of Abode; and if any such Defendant shall be an Officer of any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, and if such Proceeding shall in anywise relate to the Business of his Office, or any Offence, Ad or Neglect therein, then it shall be sufficient to serve such Original or other Process or Summons, or Notice or Order in manner aforesaid, at his Office, on some Person acting or employed in the Business of such Office.

CXLIL And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Whneffss ns-flail be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence in any loP"

oC the said cases before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before any Justice or Justices at the Sessions, and shall neglect or refuse to W appear (the Expence of such Witness or Witnesses, if he, (he or they shall be required to go to a greater Distance than Five Miles from Horae, being first paid or tendered) without a reasonable Excuse to

*0*

Penalty.

Informers admitted as Wit-nelfey.

Penalties payable to His Majesty to be paid to Receiver General of Stamps.

Persons recovering Penalty net paying over, Penalty.

Julticss, Ac. neglecting to carry Act into Execution.

Penalty.

|Ch 1 i -

convict knw to be dnwa up hi i*ener foUoww

bigi

C. 56. 56* GEO. 111. AJ). 1810.

be allowed by such Just ice or Justice* of the Peace or Jmftice or Justices of Scuions respectively; or upon appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or to give Evidence before ftach J office or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or justices at Sessions respedivrly, and shall aot make reasonable Excuse for such Refufe], to be aBmd by such Justice or Justices of Peace or at Session* respedirely, them such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sam of Tea Pounds.

CXL11I. And be it further enacted, That on any Trial or other Proceeding for Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture under this Act, or under any Ad imposing or in any wile relating to the Collodion or Management of any Stamp Duty or Duties, whether in any Sett to be inftvtuted in any of the said superior Courts, or by Civil Bill, or before a Justice or Justices, or at Sessions, any Informer or other Pttfoo, who, in the Event of a Couviction, would be entitled richer by Law, or by any Promise or Agreement, to the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share or Proportion thereof or to any Fee, Profit, Reward or Emolument whatsoever, or who may expect the same respectively, shall ne vert briefs be received and admitted as a Witness on such Trial or other Proceeding; and such Testimony shah if believed be sufficient thereon, to all Intents and Putposes, as far as the same Testimony could be if given by any indifferent Person.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That every Penalty, or such Fart, Share and Proportion as shall remain payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of aoy Penalty, Forfeiture or Fine, payable or recoverable under this Act, or any Act or Acts which shall in anywise relate to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty in Ireland, after the Payment of the Inspector General, or other Inspector or other Officer as aforeferd, shall, unlefe otherwise particularly directed, within One Calendar Month after the same shall be levied or revived, be paid by the Person by whom the same fhaM have been so levied or received, to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, if the same shall have been so levied in the County of Dublm, or County of the City of Dublin) and if in any other Part of Ireland, then to* the Dtftributor of Stamps in whole District the Offence was committed; and if any Person by whom any such Penalty shall have been so levied or recovered, shall negied or omit so to pay over the same, he shall for every fuph Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Founds.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace, Magistrate or Peace Officer in Ireland, shall negied or reftrfe m any* Prrftance to carry into Execution thia Ad, or any Act or Acts which is or Arif be in force in Ireland) relating in anywise to the 'Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, or any of the Provisioire thereof, upon proper Application made to him, such Justice of the Peace, magistrate, or reace Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds for every such Negied or Refusal*

0XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Juflic* of the Pbaee before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforefei<h or of any Offence against any Adr in anywise relating* to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Dories In Ireland) shall cause the said Convidnm to be made out in manner and Form following; or in any other Form of Words* to the* fifce Effied, muHtiuwutandu; which Convidiott shall be good1 and dfedtoal

to

GEO. III.

C.56.

W1

AJ>. 1816.

to all htatu and Purposes, without felting forth the Evidence or stating At case in any more particular manner; (that is to by),

BE it remembered, That on the Day of in Form of Convict

4 the Year of our Lord, A, 0. of in the tion.

Gouty of, (or, County of the City or Town of

4, a* the case may be) was convicted before me / P, One

4 of His Majesty't Justicesof the Peace for the fold County of

4 (or, County of the City, &c.) for that the said A. 0. on the 4 Day of now fed pad, at in the bid County

4 of did (here state the Offence) contrary to the Statute

4 in that case made and provided j and 1 do therefore adjudge the said A, 0. to have forfeited a Sum of, Britrfh Currency,

4 and for the Costs, which amount together to the Sum

4 of.Given under my Hand and Seal the

4 Day of .*

Which Conviction the fold Justice shall cause to be written feirly upon Parehment, and returned within Ten Days from the Day of such Conviction, to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, or County of a Cky, or Courty of a Town (as the case may be), or Place-where such Conviction was made, to be filed by him, and to remain and to be kept among the Records of the same County or Place; and if any such Justice shall neglect or omit so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit Ten Pounds.

CX&VII, And be it further enacted, That any Warrant so tp Warrants for he issued by any such Justice of the Peace for levying any Sum under levying Good* t# any such Conviction from the Goods of any such Offender, shall be ht in, following so the Form following, os in same other Form of Words to that or the like Efsect; which Form toll be good and valid to all Intents ml Purpofra; (that ia to fey),

Couacy* } 4 Tb M\ and N. and each of them, and their and each Form. t , C of their Assistants.

4 "WHEREAS on the Day of now last past,

A. 0. of was duly Convicted for that he (or fee) on

4 the Day of then last past, at in

4 the County of or County of the City or Town of

4 (at, the ctfe wqy be) did (here Jet out the Offence)^ and

4 threctypn the said A* G- hath become liable to a Fine or Penalty

4 of Bxiti/b Currency, and to Costs, making

4 together the Sum of; I do therefore by these Prcfcnts

4 aatbprfoe and command yon, and each of you to take into your 4 possessipn the Goody of the said A* 0., or a Sufficiency thereof for 4 levying the Sum last mentioned thereout, wherever you shall find 4 the bid Good* in, the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods shall 4 not he redeemed by the Payment of the bid Sum within Si* Days 4 from the Day of taking the same, you, are, by public Sale thereof, tofevy the bid $um* rendering to the bid A. G* the Overplus (if ( and t.h* bud. Sum. so levied you shall bring to me without 4 Way, to be difppfed of a^peyding to Law. Given under tny 4 Hand and Seal the Day of Qn* thoubnd

4 eight hundred and.

And if Goods fufifoiont oumqtobe found to aafwetr such Penalty, « Warrant ball b* tbneupoa iffifod foe committing such Offender or

Offenders

C. 56.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.I

j

Warrant! on affirming Conviction to be in the following

Form.

Offenders in the same Form as the said Warrant last mentioi the Words*I do therefore b]r these Presents/ which Words a from thence to the Words 4disposed of according to I«aw, ' ind shall be omitted, and this Form following, or fotne other Foi Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Plac wit), — 4 And Whereas on the Day of

Warrant was issued to levy the said last mentioned Sum, fron 4 Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be fit 4 sufficient to answer the said Sum, I do therefore hereby authc 4 and command you, and each of you, to take the Body of the 4 A. 0. wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and fc 4 him before me the said /. P. or any other Magistrate of the 4 County.1

And the Form of Committal for committing any such OfTendei Prison, shall follow the Form of such Warrant, save only that Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from i after the Words 4 I do therefore hereby authorize aid comma«you/ there shall follow these Words, to receive into your Cub«the Body of the said A* 0. and him (or her) safely to keep ( < from the Date hereof, unless the said Sum shall be too.

paid. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and .*

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words the like Effect, respectively, shall be good and valid in the Lav, all Intents and Purposes.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Cc viction as aforesaid shall be affirmed at the Sessions, the Warrant Warrants, Committal or Committals, for carrying the same h Execution, ft tall be granted by the Justice or Justices so affirm the same, or any of them, and shall be in the Forms here followi respectively, or some other Form of Words of the same Import:

County of 1«To M. and N. and each of them, their and each 1 their Assistants.

^fHEREAS on the Day of int)

Year of our Lord A. 0. of wasdui

convicted before a Justice of the Peace for the said County, ft that he (or she) on the Day of kftpafi,

*, in the said County, did (here set ovttheQJfnu)

and thereupon the said A, 0. became liable to a Fine or Penalty i British Currency, and to Cofb, makia

together the Sum of s And Whereas the said A, I

appealed from the said Conviction to the Sessions, which bat affirmed the same with Costs, making together with tl

said former Adjudication the Sum of; these are thm

fore to authorize and command you and each of you to take int your Possession the Goods of the said A. 0., or a Sufficiency them for levying the said last mentioned Sum whereout, wherever yo shall find the said Goods in the County aforesaid 5 and if the hi Goods lhaH not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Stun with: Six Days from the Day of taking the same, you are, by publi Sale thereof, to levy the said Sum, rendering to the said A. 0. tH Overplus (if any); and the said Sum so levied you shall bring t

Bi

56» GEO. III.

C. 56.

us, [or, to One of ns, or, to me, as the case may bef) without Delay,

4 to be disposed of according to Law. Given under our Hands

4 and Seals (or under my Hand and Seal) this

'Dif of One thousand eight hundred

tad

Aid if Goods fufficieot cannot be found to aufwer such Sum, a If not faffiritnt Warrant shall be thereupon issued, for committing such Offender or Goods Wirrant Offenders, in the same Form as the Warrant lait mentioned, to the offend^ Words,These are therefore to authorize and command yqu/ which Words, and all from thence to the Words k disposed of according*to Law/ inclusive, shall be omitted; and this Form following, on Form, some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place; to wit — 4 And Whereas on the Day of

4 a Warrant was issued to levy the said last mentioned

4 Sum from the Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could 4 not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum, we (or I) do therefore hereby authorize and command you, and each of you, to take.

4 the Body of the said A* 0. wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before us (or me)/

And the Form of the Committal, for committing any such Offender Form of to Prison, shall follow the Form of such Warrant, save only that the mittaL Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words 4 We ( or I) do therefore hereby authorize 4 and command you, there mail follow these Words, to take into 4 your Custody the Body of the said A, 0. and him or her safely keep 4 for from the Date hereof, unless the said Sum shall be

< sooner paid. Given under our Hands and Seals (or my Hand or c Seal) this Day of One thousand eight

hundred and

and each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the Forms good fa like effect respectively, shall be good and valid in the Law, to all Law.

Intents and Purposes.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Copy of Convic-Peace in Ireland shall, within One Calendar Month after any such cion to be fur. Conviction shall have been returned to his Office, furniffi to the next Distributor of Stamps in and for the County in which such Conviction MUt<2h^"t

shall have been made, a Copy of such Conviction signed by himself, £ transmitted°to for which he shall receive from such Diilributor the Sum of One Head Office. Shilling and no more; and every such Diilributor shall forthwith transmit such Copy so signed to the said Commissioners of Stamps at their Head Office in Dublin; and if any such Clerk of the Peace or Diilributor shall neglect or omit so to do respectively, he or she shall for*every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

CL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if different where different Proceedings shall be had or taken against the same Person for the same Proceedings, Offence, such Person shall nevertheless be liable only to One Penalty, only One Pe-the Right to which shall depend on the Priority of the Proceedings naltY for fam# for Recovery of the same; and if any Question shall arise concerning 0ffence* the Priority of such Proceedings, then, and in such case, the Proceeding under which the Party complained of shall have been fir (I duly served with Summons or other Process, which shall be afterwards proceeded on without Delay by the Party informing or prosecuting

III. P fliafi

$10

C. 56#

56° GEO. III.

A.D.

Commissioners, under Direction of Treasury, mey mitigate Penalties.

Commencement of A6.

shall be considered as entitled to, and shall have the Priorit any other Proceeding for the same Offence, and shall accor veit the Right to the Penalty fought thereby.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, by Order and the Directions of the Commissioners for executing the Ofi Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to mitigate any Fine, Penal Forfeiture which shall be incurred by any Distributor of Stan] aforesaid, or to mitigate or commute any Forfeiture which (h any time be adjudged under the Authority of any Justice o Peace under this Act, or under any Act or Acts which shall time to time be in force in Ireland, relating in anywise to Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties in In so far as concerns the Interest of His Majesty, his Hors or cessors, any thing in this or any other Act or Acts to the cost notwithstanding.

CLIL And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the fe* Clauses, Provisions and Regulations therein contained, shallcomme and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thonf eight hundred and sixteen, and not sooner.

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

211

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers*

SCHEDULE.

PART THE FIRST:

hsBing the Duties on ADMISSIONS to Offices, 8cc.; on Inftroments of CONVEYANCE, CONTRACT, OBLIGATION and SECURITY for Money, and on DEEDS in general.

PART THE SECOND r

Contaiang the Dudes on LAW, EQUITY and other PROCEEDINGS:

L Proceedings in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland.

II. Proceedings in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and in the High Court of Dele-

gates, in Ecclesiastical Matters, in Ireland.

III. Proceedings in the Courts of Law and Equity in Dublin, and in all other

Courts in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall exceed

Forty Shillings.

PART THE THIRD t

obtaining the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION; on INVENTORIES to be exhibited in the Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland; and on LEGACIES out of Real* or Personal Estate; and on Successions to Personal Estate upon Inteftacy.

PART THE FOURTH:

^ntamnig the Duties on NEWSPAPERS, ALMANACKS and PUBLICATIONS; and in respect of ARTICLES not damped on VELLUM, PARCHMENT or PAPER.

PART THE FIFTH:

ALLOWANCES on the Purchase of STAMPS.

SCHEDULEPART THE FIRST:

ODtaming the Dudes on ADMISSIONS to Offices, &c-; on Instruments of CONVEYANCE, CONTRACT, OBLIGATION and SECURITY for Mosey, and on DEEDS in general.

PART THE FIRST.

ADMISSION of any Person to act as an Advocate in say of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or in the Court of Kbnbnhj in Ireland; for the Register or Entry thereof ..

ADMISSION of any Person to the Degree of a Barrister at Lav in the Inns of Court in Ireland/ for the R*g*4er or Entry thereof -.-

£.

30

30

Duty.

o

o

P 2

ADMISSION of any Person to act as an Attorney or Solicitor in any Court in Ireland ADMISSION of any Person to act as a Proctor in any Ecclesiastical Court held in the City or County of the City of Dublin - - -

ADMISSION of any Person to act as a Proctor in any other Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland ADMISSION of any Person as a Matter in Ordinary in Chancery, or as One of the Six Clerks, or One of Curfitors of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, or other Clerk or Officer what foe ver, in any Court in Ireland, who must necessarily be employed to do certain official Bufmess, and whose Emoluments shall be therefore so far fixed and certain; -

Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments of the Office or Appointment shall not amount to 50I. per Annum ..

Where the same shall amount to 50I. and not amount to iool. per Annum Where the same shall amount to ipol. and not amount to aool. per Annum Where the same shall amount to 200I. and not amount to 300I. per Annum «

Where the same shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 500I. per Annum -Where the same shall amount to 500I. and not amount to 750I. per Annum Where the same shall amount to 750I. and not amount to 1 , ooool. per Annum Where the same shall amount to i, ooool. and not amount to 1, 5001. per Annum Where the same, shall amount to 1, 5001. and not amount tot 2, ooool. per Annum - .

Where the same shall amount to 2, ooooL and not amount to 2, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 3, 000b or upwards per Annum

The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for three Years preceding if practicable, and if not, according to the best Information that can be obtained.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Where any Officer shall be admitted annually* every Admission after the first shall be free of Duty* provided the proper Duty shall have been paid on his first Admission.

All Admissions of Officers* proceeding upon any Grants of or Appointments to Offices* which

£-

20

20

IO

Sm

o

o

o

2 O <

4 O (

6 O <

12 O i

*5 O c

35 Q c

5° O c

75 O 0

100 O 0

150 0 0

200 0 0

ADMISSION — continued.

shall be charged with the Dutiee hereinafter mentioned

But in all cases not expressly exempted, the proper Duty is to be paid on every Ad-mifnoo of the same Person.

ADMISSION of any Person to act as a Notary Public, See Licence.

ADMISSION. of any Student into the Society of King's Inn - -

ADMISSION of any Person to be a Fellow of the College of Physicians or Surgeons

Note. — The said hereinbefore mentioned Duties on Admilfions are, in all cases* not expressly provided for, to be charged on the Register, Entry or Memorandum of each Admission, in the Rolls, Books or Records of the Court, College, Inn or Society in which the Admission shall be made.

ADMISSION of any Person into any Corporation, Guild or Company, in a City, Borough, Burgh or Town Corporate, in Ireland, for the Registry, Entry, Minute or Memorandum thereof, in the Court Book, Roll or Record of such Corporation, Guild or Company; 'Where the Admission shall be in respect of Birth, Apprenticeship or Marriage And where the same shall be upon any other Ground - -

Only one of the foregoing Duties to be payable in respect of the Admission of any one Person into the same Corporation.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

The Admission of any Person into a Corporation or Company for the Dire Sion of any Charitable Inflitution exclujively.

ADMISSION to Ecdefiaihcal Benefices. — See Colla* tion and Presentation.

AFFIDAVIT, or AFFIRMATION, made in pursuance of any Law for amending or repairing Public Roads, or made before the Trustees of any Turnpike, relative to the Roads or Tolls of such Turnpike, or made for the Purpose of grounding thereon any Preferment of any Grand Jury, or for raising Money for Repair of Roads, or any other Public Purpose, or for accounting for any Public Money, or discharging Queries on Preferments j

Where the Amount of the Money to be presented, rtfed or accounted for, shall not cxcedd aol. -P 3

30 o o

20 o o

IOO

3 0 o

o 2 o

AFFIDAVIT — continued.

Where such Amount shall exceed 20I. and shall*not exceed 50L -

Where such Amount shall exceed 50L and shall not exceed tool.

Where such Amount shall exceed 100I. and shall not exceed 200I.

Where such Amount shall exceed tool.

Any Affidavit not otherwise charged; for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum, on which the same shall be written or printed -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Affidavits required or authorized by Law, to be made before any Commissioner or Commissioners of any Public Board of Revenue, or any of the Officers appointed or a8ing under them9 or before any other Commissioner or Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by AS of Parlia ment9 or by the Crown.

Affidavits or Affirmations relating to Criminal Prosecutions.

Affidavits or Affirmations for the Purpose of Re-gtftering Freeholds.

Affidavits or Affirmations to be made before any Justice or Justices of Peace, or before a Ma-g 'tstrate of any Corporation aQing as a Justice of the Peace, unless hereby otherwise charged. Affidavits or Affirmations to be taken before a Magistrate aQing in any Court of Conscience9 or of summary Jurisdiction, or before any Judge of Affine, Commissioner of Oyer and Terminer % or Recorder, or AJjjfiant Barrifier, relative to Prosecutions or Trials of Indi8mentsf or to Civil Bills.

Affidavits or Affirmations made in pursuance of any A8 relative to the Hempen or Linen Ma-nufaBures: And Affidavits or Affirmations as to the Payment of Corn Premiums; and Affidavits or Affirmations made before the Dublin Society

Affidavits which may be required at the Bant of Ireland to prove the Death of any Proprietor of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds, to identify the Person of any such Proprietor, or to remove any other Impediment to the Transfer of any such Stocks or Funds> or in, any wife relating to the Loft f Mutilation or Defacement of any Bank Note or Bant Poss Bill*

& s.

o 3 (

o 4 (

o 5 c

o 6 c

020

L

AGREEMENT, or Contract, accompanied with a De> posit of Title Deed*, for making a Mortgage, or other Security on any Estate or Property therein com* prised. — See Mortgage.

AGREEMENT, or any Minute or Memorandum of Agreement, made in Ireland under Hand only (and not other wise charged in this Schedule nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty), where the matter thereof shall be of the Value of 20I. or upwards, whether the same shall contain an actual Contract, or be only Evidence of a Contract, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt or other matter put or indorsed -thereon or annexed thereto -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein, after the First -

Provided always, that where divers Letters shall' be offered in Evidence to prove any Agreement between the Parties who (nail have written such Letters, it shall be sufficient if any one of such Letters shall be damped with a Duty of il.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties

Memorandum or Agreement for the Hire of any Labourer, Artificer, Manufacturer or menial Servant:

Memorandum, Letter or Agreement, made for or relating to the Sale of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise :

Memorandum or Agreement made between the

Port to Port in Ireland :

Letters containing any Agreement (not before exempted) in respeQ to any Merchandise, or Evidence of such an Agreement, which Jhcdl pass by the Post, between Merchants and other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce, in Ireland, and residing and aBually being, at the Time of fending such Letters, at the Distance of Forty Miles from each other, or between one or more Merchants in Ireland, and one or more Merchants in any other Country.

ANNUITY, DEED granting any, for a pecuniary Consideration. — See Conveyance and Bono.

ANNUITY-DEED, if voluntary or gratuitously, or upon any good or valuable Consideration, other than a pecuniary Consideration. — See (Settlement*

£* /. d.

100 o 10 o

P 4

ANNUITY; Release, or other Conveyance, on the Re-purchase of any Annuity or Rent Charge made, on the original Grant thereof, redeemable, or subject to be repurchased, provided the original Grant hath paid the ad valorem Duties chargeable thereon by the Act of the 55th of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof, " or the ad valorem DntieB charged by this Act, on the first.Skin thereof -

On each and every other Skin If such original Grant hath not paid such ad valorem Duty, then such Release or Conveyance shall pay the same Duty as on an original Grant of an Annuity; for which fee Titles*Bond, Conveyance.

APPOINTMENT, in execution of a Power, of Land or other Property, Real or Personhl, or of any Use or Interest therein, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will .

For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper after the First If made by Deed. — See Dbed. APPOINTMENT of a Chaplain, operating as a Qualification to hold Two Ecclesiastical Benefices in Ireland -

APPOINTMENT to Offices. — See Admission, Grant.'APPRENTICESHIP. — Indenture or other Irtftroment, containing the Covenants, Articles or Agreements, for or relating to the Service of any Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, who shall be put or placed to or with any Matter or Mistress, to learn any Profefiion, Trade or Employment whatsoever; except Articles of Clerkship or Apprcriticeship to Attornies and others, hereinafter fpectfically charged on each Part of such Indentures ;

If the Sum of Money, or the Value of any other matter or thing which shall be paid, given, assigned or conveyed, or be secured to' be paid, given, assigned or conveyed, to or for the Ule or Benefit of the Matter or Mistress, with or in respect of any such Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, or both the Morfey and 1 Value of such other matter shall exceed the Sum of 1 oh and shall not exceed 30I.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 30I. and shall not exceed 50I. ..

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed $ol. and shall not exceed iool. - - -

Where such Sum or Value shall ftxceed 100L and shall not exceed 200L -

1

O

I

o

2

O

0

1 3

j-. d

o o 10 o

o o 10 o

o o

5 °

lo910 ©

o o

ATOZNTICESHIP —

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 20cfl. and shall not exceed 300I.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 300!. and shall not exceed 400I. # -Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 400L and shall not exceed 500I.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 500I. and shall not exceed 600I. ..

And where such Sum or Value shall exceed the Sum of 6col. for every iool. of such Excess, a Duty of .

Indenture or other Instrument, containing the Covenants, Articles or Agreements for or relating to the Service of any such Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, as aforesaid, who shall be pat or placed to or with a new Matter or Mistress, either by Alignment or Turnover, or upon the Death, Absence or Incapacity of the former Master or Mistress, dr otherwise ;

Where there shall be any such valuable Confederation as aforesaid, moving to the said new Master or Mistress, exclusive of any Part of the Con side ration to the former Master or Mistress, which may be returned, or given, or transferred to the new Master or Mistress

And where there shall be no such ilcw Consideration -Exemptions from the preceding Stamp Duties.

Indentures or other Injlruments where no Apprentice Fee shall be given, or if any be given, where such Apprentice Fee shall not exceed the Sum of 10/.

And all Alignments of such Apprentices so as before excepted; provided there shall be no such valuable Confederation as aforesaid given to the neav Master or Mistress, other than what may have been, or shall be, given by any Public Charity.

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture^ other Instrument, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as an Apprentice or Clerk to any Attorney or Solicitor in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor, in any of His Majesty's Courts \a Inland, on each Part of such Articles or Contract ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or ode. Instrument, whereby any Person shall become bond to serve as an Apprentice, in ofrder to any fudh

£. /. J.

6 O 0

to O 0

12 IO 0

20 0 0

3 0 0

Such and the Uh Duty in Proportion to tie Amount or Polite of^such new Confederation only t as is before charged on any origin'll Indenture of Ap-preuticeship.

O IO O

5

1$

C.56.

56° GEO. III.

A.ZE

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP — continued. Admission as aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Mailer, or of the Contradfc between them being vacated by Consent, or by a Rule of Court, or in any other Event - -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or an Apprentice, in order to his Admission as a Pro&oi' in the Court of Prerogative in Dublin^ on each Part of such Articles or Contract -

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk, or an Apprentice, in order to his Admission as a Proctor in any other Court in Ireland* on each Part of such Articles or Contract ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or an Apprentice, in order to his Admission into the Court of Admiralty in Inland, on each Part of such Articles or Contract -ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, for binding a Clerk or an Apprentice to a Notary Public, in order to his becoming a Notary Public, on each Part of such Articles ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument or Contract whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admission as a Proctor, or as a Notary Public, in any of the Courts aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Master, or of the Contract between them being vacated, or in any other Event - .

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -ASSIGNMENT upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conveyance.

ASSIGNMENT of any Mortgage, or other similar Security. — See Mortgage.

ASSIGNMENT of JUDGMENTS_______For each Judg-

ment assigned;

Where the Penalty of any such Judgment assigned shall not amount to cool.

Where such Penalty (nail amount to 500I. and (bjdl not amount to i, ooool.

Where such Penalty shall amount to i, ooool. and shall not amount to 2, ooool.

Where such Penalty shall amount to 2, 0001. and Audi not amount to 4, ooool.

16

1 10 1 10

50 o o

50c

15 o o

15 o o

1 10 0

1 10 0

o 5 0

o 10 0

o 15 0

too

ASSIGNMENT of JUDGMENTS — continued.

And where such Penalty shall amount to 4^0001. or upwards - .

ASSIGNMENT of any Policy of Insurance. — See Policy of InsuaAMCK.

AWARD under Hand and Seal, of under Hand only, made in Ireland, and whether the same shall or shall not be enrolled of Record in, or made a Rule of any Court BARGAIN and SALE of any Estate, upon the Sale thereof, or by way of Mortgage. — See Conveyance, Mortgage.

BARGAIN and SALE, to be enrolled, of any Estate,

I over and above all other Duties, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, which the same shall contain BILL; «k. INLAND BILL OF EXCHANGE, Promissory Note or other Note, whether of Bankers or otheniiie, or Post Bill, or any Draft or Order for the Payment to the Bearer or to Order, either on Demand or otherwise, of any Sum of Money, not otherwise charged or exbreftly exempted;

Where the Sum therein expressed shall not exceed 10L - -

Where the Sum shall exceed iol. and shall not exceed 30L .

Where the Sum shall exceed 30I. and shall not exceed 50L - -

Where the Sum shall exceed 50I. and shall, not exceed iool.

Where the Sum shall exceed iool. and shall not exceed 200L -

Where the Sum shall exceed 200L and shall not exceed 500I. - -

Where the Sum shall exceed 500I. and shall not exceed i, ooool. ..

Where the Sum shall exceed i, ooool. and shall not exceed 3, 000!.

Where such Sum shall exceed 3, ooooL BILL; w*. INLAND BILL, Draft or Order, for the Pfcrment of any Sum of Money, though not made payable to the Bearer or to Order, if the same shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her behalf ... BILL; vix. INLAND BILL, Draft or Order, for the Payment of any Sum of Money weekly, monthly or at any other Rated Periods, if made payable to Bearer or to Order, or f o the Payee, or some Person on his or her behalf, or which shall be delivered to the Payee, or such Person where the total Amount of the Money thereby made payable shall be fpedfied thorn, or can be ascertained therefrom

£. /. d

200

I 00

X o o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

0

1

2

3

4

5 8

6

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

0 15

1 5

The same Doty as on a Bill of Exchange for the like Sum payable to Bearer or Order.

The same Duty as on a Bill payable to Bearer or Order for a Sum eoual to such Total Amount

426 C.S$.

sen geo. in.

A.T>

BltL — continued.

And where the total Amount of the Money thereby made payable shall be indefinite

{

'Ibefrme a Billfer therein escj

only.

£. /.

And the following Instrumepts shall be deemed and taken to be Inland BiU«, Promiflbry Notes, Poll Bill?5, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money, within the Intent and meaning of this Act and Schedule; and of all Acts in any wise relating to the levying, collecting or regulating any Stamp Duty or Duties ivhatsoever, in Ireland:

All Inland Bills, Promiflbry Notes, Pod Bills, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money, either iv Cash or by a Bill or Bills, or Promiflbry Note or Notes, or by any Paper, or by Security or otherwise, or for the Delivery of any such Bill or Bills, or Note or Notes, Paper Security or other matter, in Payment or satisfaction of any Sum of Money, where such Inland Bills Promiflbry'otes. Poll Bills, Drafts or Orders, shall require the Payment or Delivery to be made to the Bearer or to Order, or to the Payee, or if delivered to the Payee, or foine Person on his or her behalf.

All Receipts given by any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, for Money received, which shall entitle, or be intended to entitle, the Person or Persons paying the Money, or the Bearer of such Receipts, to receive the like Sum from any third Person or Persons.

And all Bills, Promiflbry Notes, Pod Bills, Drafts or Orders, for the Payment of any Sum of Money out of any particular Fund which may or may not fee available, or upon any Condition or Contingency which may or may not be performed or happen, if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, or to the Payee, or if the same shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her behalf.

BILL j viz. Foreign Bill of Exchange, or Bill drawn in Ireland, but payable elsewhere out of Ireland\

If drawn in Sets, according to the Cnftotn of Merchants, for every Btu of each Set, where the Sum made payable thereby (had not

If drawn iingly

exceed, xdek

i 6

BILL — continued*

And where it shall exceed iool. and not exceed XOoL

And where it shall exceed 200I. and not exceed 500L

And where it shall exceed 500I. and not exceed 1 , ooool.

And where it shall exceed x*ooool. and not exceed i»OOoL

And where it shall exceed Xjooool. and not exceed 3»°°oL - -

And where it shall exceed 3, 000!.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties*

Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills not otherwise charged; Promijfory Notes for any Sum not exceeding ll. 1 ox. passed on Account of Tithes, or for Money lent by, or payable to, any Society for Charitable Loan % or by or to their Trufiees, in Trujlfor them.

All Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money to the Bearer on Demand, and drawn upon any Banker or Bankersy who k shall rejtde or transaQ the Business of a

Banker, within Ten Miles of the Place where

' fvuh Drafts or Orders shall be drawn; pro-

1 coded such Place shall be specified in such

Drafts or Orders, andprovided such Drafts

or Orders shall hear Date on or before the ! Day on which the same shall be issued; and

j provided the same do not direS the Payment

to he made by.Bills or Promijfory Notes. i All Dills for the Pay and Allowances of His

Majesty's Land Foroes, or for the Expenditures liable to be charged in the public Regimental or District Accounts, which shall be drawn according to the Forms nowpreferihed or hereafter to beprefcribtd by His Majesty* t Orders, by the Paymqfters of Recruiting Dif-trills, or by the Paymqfters of Detachments, or by the Officer or Officers authorized to perform the Duties of Paymqftership during a Vacancy, or the Absence, Svfpenfton or Incapacity of any such Paymaster as aforesaid; save and except such Bills as shall be drawn in Favour of ContraSors or others, who fur-ni/b Bread or Forage to His Majesty's Troofts, and who by their Contrails and Agreements shall be liable to pay the Stamp Duties on the Bills given in Payment for the Articles fuppUed by them*

o

o

10

o

o

BILL of LADING, which shall be iigned of < or for any Goods, Merchandize or Effects, to be exported or carried Coastways, upon each and every Part of each Set thereof - -

BILL of SALE absolute. — See Conveyance.

BILL of SALE as a Security. — See Mortgage. BOND, or other obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, not otherwise particularly charged, not exceeding iool.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 20ol.

Exceeding 200I. and not exceeding 300I.

Exceeding 300I. and not exceeding 500I.

Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i, ooool.

Exceeding i, ooooL and not exceeding 2, ooool.

Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3, ooool.

Exceeding 3, ooool. and not exceeding 4, ooool.

Exceeding 4, ooool. and not exceeding 5, 000!.

Exceeding 5, 000^

BOND giyen as a Security for the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereafter lent, advanced or paid, or which may become due upon an Account Current, whether together with, or without any Sum already advanced;

Where the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable, shall be uncertain and without any Limit

And where the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited not to exceed a given Sum

BOND given as a Security for the Transfer or Retransfer of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stocks or Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland\ or of any other Company or Corporation

BOND commonly called a Mortgage, or Annuity Bond, or Bond given as a collateral Security for or in respect of any Mortgage or Annuity -

BOND entered into by any Person on obtaining a Marriage Licence - ..

BOND given as the only or principal Security for the Payment of any Annuity upon the original Creation and Sale thereof.-*-See Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, dec.

£. /. a

o x t

0 xo 0

I 0 0

I 10 0

2 0 0

2 10 0

3 xo 0

4 0 0

4 10 0

6 0 0

10 0 0

10 o o

The same Duty as »

|»a Band fer fid limited Sum.

C The same Duty asm Band for a Sum ej Money equal to thi Value of the Stocker Fund secured according to the overntt Price thereof on He Day of the Date ej the Bond, or if there shall not have keen any known Sale 00 that Day, then on the la 1 eft Day preceding on which there fill have keen a knout Sale.

O IO O

oxo

BOND — continued*

BOND given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity (except upon the original Creation and Sale thereof), or of any Sum or Sums of Money at dated Periods (not being Interest for any principal Sum, or Rent referred, or made payable upon any Lease) for any definite and certain Term, so that the total Amount of the Money to be paid can be previously ascertained -BOND given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity [except as aforesaid)y or of any Sum or Sums of Money at Rated Periods (not being interest for any principal Sum, nor Rent referred or payable upon any Lease 1, for Term of Life, or any other indefinite Period, so that the whole Money to be paid cannot be previously ascertained;

Where the Annuity, or Sums secured, shall not amount to 10I. per Annum Where the same shall amount to 10L and not amount to 50I. per Annum Where the same shall amount to 50b and not amount to 100L per Annum Where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to aool. per Annum Where the same shall amount to 200I. and not amount to 300L per annum Where the same shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 400L per Annum Where the same shall amount to 400I. and not amount to 500I. per Annum Where the same shall amount to 500I. and not amount to 750L per Annum Where the same shall amount to 750L and not amount to i, ooool. per Annum Where the same shall amount to i, ooool. and not amount to i, coo). per Annum Where the same shall amount to 1, 500!. and not amount to 2, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. per Annum or upwards ... BOND for indemnifying any Person who shall become bound or engaged as Security or Cautioner for the Payment of any Sum of Money or Annuity, or for the Transfer of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned BOND for the due Execution of an Office, or for the faithful Discharge of any Trust reposed in any Person as a Clerk, and to account for Money received BOND given pursuant to the Direoions of any Act of Parliament, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any of their Officers, for

*1

The same Duty as on a Bond of tie like > Nature for the Payment of a Sum of Money equal to such Total Amount.

0 IO 0

I O 0

I 10 0

2 O 0

a IO 0

3 O 0

3 IO 0

4 IO 0

6 O 0

7 10 0

10 0 0

12 10 0

too

ZOO

J

B OND — continued

or in respect of any of the Duties of Customs or Excise, or Taxes, or for preventing Frauds or Evaiions thereof, or for any other matter or thing relating thereto -

BOND on obtaining Letters of Administration BOND of any kind whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Act or Schedule, nor exprefely exempted from all Stamp Duty -

General Directions respecting Bonds.

Where any such Bond as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other matter, put or indorsed thereon, shall be written on more than one Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or on more than one Sheet of Paper, there shall be charged for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, as aforesaid, beyond the first, a Duty of

Where any such Bond as aforesaid shall be given as a Security for the Payment of any Sum of Money, and also for the Transfer of a Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, and an Annuity, or for any Two of such Purposes, the proper ad valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of a Sum composed of such Sum of Money, and the Value of such Share and Annuity, or either of them, such Value to be ascertained as herein directed. (See Conveyance.)

And where any such Bond as aforesaid shall be given as a Security for the Payment or Transfer, to different Persons, of separate and distinct Values, whether confiding respectively. of Sums of Money, and Annuities and Shares, in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, or of any One or Two of such matters, the proper ad valorem Duty shall be charged* in respect of each such Transaction separately, and not upon the aggregate Amount thereof.

And where any Bond shall be given as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant or Agreement for the Payment or Transfer of any of the said matters before mentioned, such Bond shall be charged with the same Duty as if the same had been immediately given for the Payment or Transfer thereof.

And where any Bond for the Payment or Transfer of any of the said. matters, or for the Performance of any Covenant'for such Payment or Transfer, shall be contained in one and

jg. /

0 IO

1 o

1 o <

O IO o

I MB) — continued.

the same Deed or Writing, with any other matter or thing, in this Schedule specifically charged with any Duty (except any Declar ration ofTrvft for the Monty, Annuity, Stock or Fund fecurtd) such Deed or Writing shall be charged with the same Duties as would hare been chargeable in respect of the said several matters Uierein, if contained in (Separate Deeds.

But where a Bond for the Performance of Core-nants or Agreements (other than for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Monty or Annuity or on* Start in any of the said Stocks or Funds) shall be contained in the (ante Deed or Writing with any other matter or thing, the same (hril not be charged separately, but the whole shall be conndered as One Deed, and be charged accordingly under its proper Denomination.

Exemptions from the preceding and ail other — Stamp Duties

AdmuuMration Bonds, given by the Widow, Child, Father, Mother, Brother or Siller of any Common Seaman, Marine or Soldier, who shall he flain or die in the Service of His MMiy, his Heirs or Successors Admudfration Bond given by any Perf on, where the Estate to be adminijtered shall not.exceed 20I. in Value.

Bonds to procure the Adniffion of any Child into any Charitable Infiitution

CERTIFICATE of haring registered a Deputation as a Gamekeeper -

CERTIFICATE to authorize any Person not being a Gamekeeper to kill Game in Ireland CERTIFICATE to entitle any Person to receive a Drawback of any Duty. — See Dkbknturk. CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly by every Person admitted to practise as a Six Clerk in Chancery; and by every Person admitted as an Attorney or Solicitor m any of His Majesty's Superior Courts in Dublin / and by every Person admitted as a Solicitor, Agent, 1 Attorney or Procurator, in any other Court in Ireland'holding Plea, where the Damage doth exceed Forty Shdlmga ;

If such Six Clerk, Attorney or Solicitor, Agent or Procurator, has been admitted for Three Yean and upwards ... Or if he shall not have been admitted for Three Yean -

S6Gmo.HL q

if. / d.

330

330

800

300

A

CERTIFICATE to fee taken out yearly by every Person, / who in any Character whether as Conveyaneer, Draftsman, Land Agent, Steward of an Estate or otherwise, shall for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain or Reward, draw, fill up or prepare any Conveyance, Deed or Instrument, or Lease, or Agreement for a Lease, of or relating to any Estate or Property, Real or Personal, or any other Deed or Contract whatever, or any Pleadings or Proceedings in any Court of Law or Equity -

Exemptions.

Serjeants at Lam) and Barrifiersf and also Attornies, Solicitors, ProQors and Notaries Public, and other Persons acting as such by virtue of any Office or Appointment, who shall rejpedively take out Certificates in those Characters.

Public Officers drawing or preparing Deeds or other Infirumeuts by virtue of their Office^ and in the Courje of their official Duty only9 and not otherwise

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly by every Person admitted as a Prodtor in any of tht Ecclesiauical or Admiralty Courts in Dublin /

If such Prodfcor has been admitted for Three Year8 or upwards -

If he shall not have been admitted for Three Years - - -

The above Certificate to authorize the Party obtaining the same to practise as a rrodtor in any Court in Ireland. CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly by every Person admitted, or who shall practise as a Proctor in any Ecclesiastical Court in any other Part of Ireland;

If such Person has been admitted for Three

8 o

8 o c 30c

Years or upwards ..

Or if he shall not have been admitted for Three Years -

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly by any Banker or Bankers, or Person or Persons acting as such, of having registered the Firm of his or their House according to Law;

If such Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, shall issue any Promissory Notes for Money payable to Bearer on Demand, and allowed to be reiffued CHARTER PARTY, or an^r Agreement or Contract for the Charter* of any Ship or Vessel, or any Memorandum, Letter or other Writing, between the Captain, Mailer or Owner, of any Ship or Vessel,

300

100

JO .0 0

I

CHARTER PA RTY — continued.

end any Person for or relating to the Freight or Conveyance of any Money, Goods or Effects, on board of any such Ship or Vessel CLERKSHIP, Articles or Contract of. — See Apprenticeship, AsTICLKS.

COLLATION by any Archbishop or Bishop to any Ecdcfiaftkal Benefice, Dignity or Promotion, in Irekad, of the yearly Value of iooI.

And for every iool. of the yearly Value thereof, exceeding the first tool, a Year, a further Duty of

The Value to be ascertained by Certificate of the Archbishop, Bishop or Vicar General of the Diocese $ provided always, that Two or more Benefices, epifcopally united, shall be deemed One Benefice

COLLATION by any Acchbiihop or Bishop to any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, Curacy or Promotion whatsoever in Ireland. — See Institution, Lkbrck and Presentation.

COMPOSITION DEED, or other instrument of Com-portion between a Debtor or Debtors and his, her or their Creditors -CONSTAT of Letters Patent. — See Exemplification. CONVEYANCE, whether Grant, Affignxnent, Transfer, Rdeaie, Renunciation or of any other Kind or Description whatsoever, upon the Sale, Settlement or Conveyance of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities or other Property, Real or Personal, or of any Right, Title, Interest or Claim into, out of or upon any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities or other Property whatsoever, in Ireland9 which shall be executed by the Grantor or Grantors or any of them, not other wise charged in this Schedule;

Where the Consideration therein or thereupon expressed shall not exceed iooL And where the same shall exceed iool. and not

exceed 300L -

And where the same shall exceed 300I. and not

exceed 500L -

And where the same shall exceed 500L and not

exceed 750I*

And where the same shall exceed 750L and not

exceed i, ooqL -

And where the same shall exceed i, ooooL and not exceed a, ooooL -

And where the same shall exceed. 2|OOoL and not

exceed3«ooooL -

Q2

£ / d.

I o o

S 00 500

100 I 10 o

3 0 0

3 0 0

4 10 O $00

12 10 O

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

CONVEYANCE — continutd. £. /»

And where the same shall exceed 3, cool, and not exceed 4, ooool. -And where the same shall exceed 4, 000k and not 17 10 1

exceed 5, ooool. -And where the same shall exceed 5, 0001, and not 22 10 1

exceed 8, ooool. - - -And where the same shall exceed 8, ooool. and not 32 10 I

exceed 12, 0001. -And where the same shall exceed 12, 000!. and not 47 10 £

exceed 15, 0001. -And where the same shall exceed 15, 0001. and not 65 0 0

exceed 20, 000!. And where the same shall exceed 20, ooool. and not 85 0 0

exceed jo, ooool. -And where the same shall exceed 30, 0001. and not 120 0 0

s exceed xo, ooooL And where the same shall exceed 40, 0001. and not 175 0 0

exceed co, ooool. -And where the same shall exceed 50, ooool. and not 225 0 0

exceed 6o, ooool. -And where the same shall exceed 6o, ooool. and not 275 0 0

exceed ioo, ooool. -And where the same shall exceed ioo^xx>l. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in each Part of such Conveyance, Settlement, Deed or Instrument, after the first Skin, 350 0 0 500 0 0

a Duty of Where the Consideration in any such Deed or any Part thereof may be an Annuity, the Value of such Annuity shall be ascertained by the Tables annexed to an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled " An Act to secure the Payment of Duties on Probates and Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Property obtained by Legacy or Inteftacy in Ireland, 0 and as therein described, every such Annuity to be taken as a Sum to that Amount in ascertaining such ad valorem Duty as abbve charged. And where the Consideration, or any Part of the Consideration, shall be any Stock in any of the Public Funds, or any Government Debentures or Debenture, or Stock of the Bank of Ireland^ or any Debentures or Debenture of any Corporation, Company, Society or Persons or Person, payable only at the*Will of the Debtor; then the Said Duty shall be calculated (taking the fame 0 10 0

"^ANCE-^-w.

t^spectively, whether constituting the whole^a Part only of such Consideration) ccording to the felling Price thereof ^pe&riely od that Day, or on the next Preceding Day on which any such Sale have taken place: And if such Confederation, or Part of Consideration, shall be*Mortgage, Judgment or Bond, or a Denture, the Amount whereof shall be t'ccoverable by the Holder, or any other Security whatsoever, whether payable in Money or otherwise $ then such Calculation Hull be made according to the Sum due ttatoo, whether for Principal or Interect, w for both.

wXe^The Purchase Money or Consideration is to be truly expressed and set forth in Words^Length, in or upon every such Deed or Ioftnmient of Conveyance.

wWe any Eauity or Right of Redemption,My Reverfiooary Right or Interect, of, to, to or out of any Lands or other Property, to Mortgage, or (landing pledged or charged j* or with the Payment of any Sum of shall be conveyed or disposed of, °tofr in Consideration of the Money so due 011 Mortgage, or in Consideration of that of any further Sum, paid or agreed to k Phl, toe Conveyance of such Equity of or Reversionary Right or In* (Sail be deemed and taken to be a theD|Lryaace upon the Sale of Property, and dcQneT <*ue on Mortgage shall bend taken to be the Purchase Money hxtyT9* the Purchase Money for the the case may be; and the Convey-be liable to such Duty in respect n^Jj/^#^bole of such Consideration, as any is 'conveyance upon the Sale of Property to, deducing thereout, nevertheless, ^valorem Duty, if any, as shall have such i&^viously P*id OQ the Execution of p^e>rtgage, in respect of so much of the Sum lent on such Mortgage, as And rema^n unpaid i

mv T^ndi or r % t\

uny Lands or other Property of dif-diff^3*Tenurcs or Holdings, or held under Titles, contracted to be sold at one to Price for the whole, shall be conveyed^Purchaser in separate Parts or Parcels

Qa

£.

A.D.l

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

CONVEYANCE — continued. by different Deeds or Inftniments, the Purchase Money or Consideration shall be divided and apportioned in such manner as the Parties shall think fit, so that a diftmd Price or Consideration for each separate Part or Parcel may be set forth in or upon the Principal or only Deed or Inftrnment of Conveyance relating thereto, which shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, in respect of the Price or Consideration therein set forth. And where any Lands or other Property con-traded to be purchased by Two or more Perfoas jointly, or by any Person for himself and others, or wholly for others, at one entire Price for the whole, shall be conveyed in Parts or Pareels, by separate Deeds or Instruments, to the Persons for whom the same shall be purchased, for distinct Parts or Shares of the Purchase Money or Consideration, the Principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance of eacn separate Part or Parcel shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty in respect of the Sum of Money or other matter therein specified, as the Consideration for the same. But if separate Parts or Parcels of such Lands or other Property shall be conveyed to, or to the use of or in trust for different Persons, in and by one and the same Deed or Instrument, then such Deed or Inftrnment shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty in respect of the agregate Amount of the Purchase Money or Consideration therein mentioned to be paid or given, or agreed to be paid or given, for the Lands or Property thereby conveyed. And where any Lands or other Property separately contracted to be purchased of different Persons at separate and distinct Prices, shall be conveyed to the Purchaser, or according to the Purchaser's Direction, in and by one and the same Deed or Instrument, such Deed or Instrument shall be charged with the ad valorem Duties which shall be then, by Law, payable on Conveyances on the Sale of Property for and in respect of the separate Consideration paid or given, or agreed to be paid or given, for such Lands or other Property, i i

f?ROMSSORY NOTE — continued.

ments, except those hereby exfrefily dirt 8c d to he deemed Promissory Notes*

Betfsscb of the Notes and Instruments here exempted from the Duty on Promtffory Notes shall uevertheless be Uable to the Duty which may attach thereon as Agreements or other wise. OTEST of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note for any Sam of Money not amounting to 50I.

Amounting to 50L and not amounting to aool* Amounting to 200I- and upwards PROTEST of any other kind -

PLTRCHASE DEED. — See Conveyance on the Sale of Lands, Sec.

RECEIPT or Discharge for or upop the Payment of Money, or on the Delivery of any Check, Draft, Bill or other Order for any Sam of Money;

Amounting to al* and not amounting to iol. Amounting to 10I. and not amounting to 20I. -Amounting to 20L and not amounting to 50L -Amounting to 50L and not amounting to tool* Amounting to 100I. and not amounting to 200I. Amounting to 200E and not amounting to 500I. Amounting to 500I. and upwards And where any Sum of Money whatever shall be therein expressed or acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands Exemptions from the preceding Duties on Receipts.

Receipts or Discharges given by any Agent for Money intruded to him on Account of the Pay of the Army or Ordnance

Receipts or Discharges for Stamp Duties paid to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, or for Sums paid to such Receiver General by reason thereof.

Receipts or Discharges given by any Officer % Sea man9 Marine or Soldier, or their Reprefcnta-fives refbeSively, for or on account of tie Wages, Pay or Penfon9 due from the Navy Office, dirmy Pay Office or Ordnance Office. Receipts for any Sum of Monty baid for or on account of the Pension of the Widow of an* Officer of His Majesty's Land Forces payable in Ireland.

Receipts or Discharges given for (be Conjideration Monty for the Purchase of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds j or the Stock or Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland»

d.

050 060 o 10 o 050

4

8

o o o o o o OIO 0 2 0 030 050

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

CONVEYANCE - continued. shall be exempted from the said act valorem Duty, and be charged only with (he ordinary Duty on Deeds or Instruments of the same kind, not upon a Sale. And where any Lands or other Property shall be sold and conveyed in Consideration only or in Part of any Sum of Money charged thereon by way of Mortgage or otherwise, and then due and owing to the Purchaser, or shall be sold and conveyed subject to any Mortgage, Bond or other Debt, or to any gross of entire Sum of Money to be afterwards paid by the Purchaser, such Sum of Money or Debt shall be deemed the Purchase Money or Consideration, or Part of the Purchase Money or Consideration, as the case may be, in resped whereof the said act valorem Duty is to be paid; deduding thereout nevertheless such ad valorem Duty, if any, as shall have been previously paid on the Execution of any such Mortgage or Security, in respect of so much of such Mortgage or other Debt as shall then remain unpaid. And to prevent Doubts respecting what shall be deemed the principal Deed or Instrument of Conveyance in terrain cases, it is hereby declared: , That where upon the Sale of any Annuity, or other Right not before in Exigence, the same shall not be created by actual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only be secured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contract or otherwise, the Bond or other Infbrument by which the same shall be secured, or some one of such Instruments, if there be more than one, shall be deemed and taken to be liable to the same Duty as an actual Grant or Conveyance. And where, in any case not herein expressly provided for, or several Deeds or Instruments, or Writings, a Doubt shall arise which is the principal, it shall be lawful for the Parties to determine for themselves which shall be so deemed, and to pay the said act valorem Duty thereon accordingly; and if necessary, the other Deeds, Instruments or Writings, on which the Doubts shall have arisen, shall be damped with a particular Stamp for denoting or teflifying the Pay- Sm

CCATEYANCE — continued.

e. d.

ment of the ad valorem Duty upon all the Deeds or Instruments being produced, and appearing to be duly stamped in other respeds.

And where there shall be Duplicates of any Deed or Instrument chargeable with the said act valorem Duty exceeding xl. one of them only shall be charged therewith, and the other or others shall be charged with the

whole being produced, duly stamped as hereby required, the latter shall also be stamped with a particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty.

And where any Deed or Instrument, operating as a Conveyance on the Sale of any Property, shall operate also as a Conveyance of any other than the Property fold, by way of Settlement, or for any other Purpose, or shall also contain any other matter or thing, besides what shall be incident to the Sale and Conveyance of the Property fold, or shall relate to the Title thereto, every such Deed or Instrument shall be charged, in addition to the Duty to which it shall be liable as a Conveyance on the Sale of Property, and to any Progressive Duty to which it may also be liable, with such further Stamp Duty as any (eparate Deed, containing the other matter, would have been chargeable with exdufive of the progressive Duty.

And where there shall be several Deeds or Instruments for completing the Title to the Property fold, such of them as are not liable to the said act valorem Duty shall be charged with the Duty to which the same may be liable under any general or particular Description of such Deeds or Instruments contained in this Schedule.

And in all cases where the contrary shall not be expressly directed, if any Two or more distinct matters shall be contained in the same Deed or Instrument, in respect of each of which matters a Stamp Duty shall be payable, then such Deed or Instrument shall be subject to the same Duties as shall be payable in respect of such distinct matters.

J

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

CONVEYANCE — continued. Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Considerations of 51. or I ox* commonly termed nominal Const derations, in such Deeds or other Instruments, where other bona fide Considerations shall be expressed to be thereon paid, Jill Transfers of Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, and in the Stocks or Funds of the Bank of Ireland9 or of any Company or Corporation in Ireland. CONVEYANCE of Lands and Rents belonging to the Crown. — See Grant. f. x. a j j

CONVEYANCE of any Eft ate or Property in Trust for Sale which shall be intended only as a Security for Money or Stock. — See Mortgage. CONVEYANCE, Lease, Release, Indenture, Deed or Instrument of any kind whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty, for the first Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein - 100

For every other Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein -CONVEYANCE of any kind, if to be enrolled. — See Release. 0 10 0

COPY or EXTRACT of any Will or Codicil, deposited in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland 003

For every entire Quantity of 90 Words, over and above the first 90 Words, a further Duty of -COPY of any Memorial, or of the Register of any Memorial, registered pursuant to any Act of Parliament, made or to be made for the public registering of Deeds and Conveyances in Ireland, issued from the Registrar's Office, whether the same be attested or not; 003

for each Memorial .. 0 0

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Copy shall be written, after the first, a Duty of Exemption from the preceding Duty. Copies of all Memorials included in Searches issued from the Regifiry Office, called Negative Searches, having the Duty thereon charged. DEBENTURE or CERTIFICATE for entitling any Person to receive any Drawback of any Duty or Duties, or Part of any Duty or Duties of Customs or Excise, or any Bounty payable out of the Revenue of Customs or Excise, for or in respeffc of any Goods, 12 030

DIEENTUR E — continued.

Wtm or Merchandise exported, or shipped to be exported, from Ireland to any Parts beyond the Seas ;

If the same shall not exceed tool.

If the fame shall exceed 100L and not exceed

200L - -

If the fame shall exceed aooL and not exceed

yooL - ..

If die fame shall exceed 500I.

I DEBENTURE of any other kind. — See Mortgage. Exemption.

I AH Debentures Ufued by Government under the

I DireQion of any Act of Parliament.

DECLARATION of any Use or Trail, Uses or Traits,

of or concerning any Estate or Property, Real or Per-< tonal, where made by any Writing not being a. Deed \ or Will - - - - -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein after the first -

DEED of any kind whatsoever, not otherwise charged in thin Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Doty, for the first Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch* mat, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein -

Far every other Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein -DEED, if the same be enrolled. — See Release.

DEEDS; — Extra&s or Abstracts from Deeds or other Acts issued from the Office for Registry of Deeds and fc> forth, called the Registry Office, and commonly called a Common Search; and whether such Searcn flail contain the Extract from any Deeds or Deed, or not, aid whether the same be signed by or on behalf of any Officer or Clerk belonging to such Office or not;

For each Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which such Search, Extract or Extracts, Abstract or Abstracts, shall be written

i DEEDS; — Searches for Deeds or Abstracts, or Ex trad 1 from Deeds or other Acts issued from the Office for Registering Deeds, called the Register Office, commonly called a Negative Search ;

For each Copy of any Deed or Memorial, or for

each Extract or Abstract from any Deed or Memorial which such Negative Search shall give or contain ..

On the Officer's Certificate on such Search, over and above all other Duties DEFEAZANCE DEED, or other Instrument of Defeasance, of any Conveyance or Disposition apparently

£.

o

o

0

1

I

o

t

o

o

o

o

3

*5

10

o

10

o

10

3

3

10

d.

o

o

o

Q

O

o

o

o

o

o

o

A

DEFEAZANCE DEED — continued*

absolute, but intended only as a Security, for Money or Stock* — See Mortgage.

DEPUTATION for any Person to be a Seneschal or Steward of a Manor - .

DEPUTATION of a Gamekeeper — See Certificate.

DISCHARGE for Money.- — See Receipt.

DISPENSATION for holding Two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or a Dignity and Benefice in Ireland

Dispensation or Faculty from the Lord Arch-bishop of Armagh^ or Mailer of the Faculties for the time being

And in all other cases -

DONATION. — See Presentation.

DRAFT for Money. — See Bill of Exchange.

ENROLMENT of Deeds or other Inilruments. — See Release.

EXCHANGE of Lands or other Hereditaments ;

Any Deed or Instrument of Exchange where no Sum of Money or only a Sum of 300I. shall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Exchange .

For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first.................

And where a Sum of 300I. or upwards shall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Exchange;

If the Exchange shall be effected by separate Deeds or Instruments of Conveyance, there shall be paid for the Principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance to each Party

And if the same shall be effected by mutual Conveyances, in one Deed or Instrument, there shall be paid for such Deed or Instrument

And for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first.................

EXEMPLIFICATION or Constat, under the Great Seal of Ireland) of any Letters Patent or Grant, made or to be made by His Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-ceifors, or by any of his Royal Predeceftors, of any Honour, Dignity or Promotion, Franchise, Liberty or Privilege to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or of any Lands, Office or other thing whatsoever ..

And on every Skin after the first

*. i

a 0

25 0

25 0

20 0 <

o 10 c

The same DUj n a Cmvqmtu Sole tf Indsf Sum tf Mve) < etnal Ament«the MnqPiH anted ton ft fir Eqnlitjtji

B Thefeme Dttjui a Cteveymeai Sale of Lath ft

I Sum tf Mmj Twite tit Am paid fir Equity £xch*ie.

O 10 0

to 0 0

I 0 0

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III*

C. 56.

23

EXTRACTS or ABSTRACTS from Registers and Records in Ireland. — See Copy and Deeds. FURTHER CHARGE. — See Mortgage.

GAME CERTIFICATES. — See Certificates. GRANT or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland;

Of the Honour or Dignity of an Archbishop

— ---- --: —— - a Duke

- — ....a Marquis

an Earl a Viscount a Bishop a Baron a Baronet

Of any other Honour, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever, or of any Franchise, Liberty or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Bolitic or Corporate And where Two or more Honours or Dignities shall be granted by the same Letters Patent to the same Person, such Letters Patent shall be charged with the proper Duty in respect of the highest in point of Rank only.

And where any Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities, shall be granted to any Person or Pertons, in Remainder, the Letters Patent flail be charged with such further Duty, in respect of every Remainder, as would have been payable for an original Grant of the same Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities.

And where any such Grant or Letters Patent shall be contained in more than One Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, then for every Skin, Sheet or Piece thereof, after the first, a further progressive Duty of

Exemptions from the preceding Stamp Duties Commi/fions of Rebellion in Process

Letters Patent, or Briefs for collecting Charitable Benevolences.

Letters Patent for confirming any Dtfpenfation hereinbefore charged with a Duty GRANT, or Warrant of Precedence to take Rank GRANT of an Escheatorship - - -

Gnat of any Land in Fee, Lease for Years, or other Grant for Profit, and not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the Seal of the Exchequer, except Cut todiam Leases «..

d.

150 O O

350 O O

300 O 0

250 O 0

200 O 0

IOO O 0

ISO O 0

IOO O 0

20 O 0

20

50

20

o

o

o

o

GRANT from His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland\ out of the Civil List, or out of any other Fund, not being Part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament; Of any definite and certain Sum and Sums of Money,

Not amounting to tool- - -

Amounting to iool- and not amounting to 250I.

Amounting to 250I. and not amounting to 500I. - - -

Amounting to 500I. and not amounting to 750I. - -

Amounting to 750I. and not amounting to

1, 0001.

Amounting to i, ooool. and upwards; for every iool. thereof Of any Annuity or Pension,

Not amounting to 100L per Annum Amounting to 100L and not amounting to 200I. per Annum Amounting to 200I. and not amounting to 400L per Annum Amounting to 400I. and not amounting to 600I. per Annum Amounting to 600I. and not amounting to 800I. per Annum Amounting to 800L and not amounting to i, OOoY. per Annum Amounting to i, ooooL per Annum and upwards - -

But where any such Grant of an Annuity or Pension shall be made in Confirmation or by way of Renewal only, of any former Grant of the like Amount and Description, then only a Duty1 of -

And where Several and dtftiS Annuities or Pensions shall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Pertona by the same Instrument, the proper Duty shall be charged in respect of each Annuity or Pension; but where the Grant shall be of any Annuity or Pension, to pr for the Benefit of Two or more Personsjointly, the Duty Audi be charged in re* fpedt of tie whole-GRANT, or Appointment by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or by any Person or Persone, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, of or to any Office or Employment, by Letters Patent, Deed or other Writing;

iff. x.

I xo

4 0

10 0 4

20 0 a

30 0 0

5 0 0

1 10 0

4 0 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

40 0 0

So 0 0

1 10 0

GMANT — -emtiaatd.

Where the Salary, Feet and Emolument* appertaining thereto, shall not amount to 501. per

Annum

And where the (ante shall amount to 50I* and not amount to tool. per Annum And where the dune shall amount to 100I. and sot amount to 200I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 200I. and not amount to 300L per Annum And where the same shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 500I. per Annum And where the dune shall amount to 500I. and not amount to 750I. per Annum And where the dune shall amount to 750I. and not amount to ipooool. per Annum - -

And where the dune shall amount to i, ooooL and not amount to 1, cool, per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1, 500!. and not amount to 2, ooool« per Annum And where the same shall amount to a, ooooL and not amount to 3, 000!. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 3, ooooL per Annum or upwards ... The find Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof dor Three Years preceding, where practicable; and in other cases, according to the best Information that can be obtained.

And where any such Grant or appointment shall be made to Two or more Pertons jointly, with separate and distinct Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, the same shall be charged with a separate and distinct Duty, in respect of each Person, according to the Amount of the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to such Person.

Provided always, that no Duty shall be charged in respect of any Person to whom any Office or Employment shall be granted anew, upon the Revocation of any former Grant or Appointment, and who mall have paid a Stamp Duty on any former Grant or Appointment, unless the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to such Person, shall he in any manner augmented; and in that case, a Duty shall be charged, in respect of such Person, only in Proportion to the Amount of the Augmentation.

INDENTURES of Apprenticeship.- — See AffbentIgb-sbuof end Articles.

£ / i.

1 O 0

4 O 0

6 O 0

12 O 0

*5 o' 0

35 0 0

5° 0 0

75 0 0

too 0 0

IJO 0 0

300 0 0

m

e. &$.

as*GEO.IIL

A.D

Duty.

nr. t.

INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts .

INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts -

LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts MANDATE iffuipg out of the said Courts -MONITION iffuipg out of any of the said Courts ORDER. — See Rule.

° 4

° 5 ° 4 ° 5 o 5

PETITION, on the Entry of each, in the High Court of Delegates, in the Courts of Prerogative and Con-fiftorial Court# in Dublin, except in Suits for Tithes or otherwise -

PETITION, in any other Ecclesiastical Court, except in Suits for Tithes, on the Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same (hull be written PETITION in any Ecclesiastical Court in any Suit for Tithes ..

e j c

o j a

o i cl

PROCESS of Contempt for not appearing, or for not answering, on each -PROCESS of whatsoever other nature or kind soever, not otherwise charged, that shall issue out of the said Courts -

RELEASE of any kipd relating to any Proceeding carrying on in the £ud Courts, not otherwise charged -RENUNCIATION of any kind -REQUISITION -

RULE or ORDER, on the Entry thereof, made or given on any Petition or Motion in the High Court of Delegates, and in the Court of Prerogative and Consistorial Court in Dublin, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court, or otherwise RULE or ORDER made in any other Ecclesiastical Court, on each Sheet or Piece of Paper on whjeh the same shall be written ..

SENTENCE Interlocutory ..

SENTENCE Definitive, or Final Decree or Order having the force thereof, of any of the said Courts

Exemptions from the preceding Stamp Duties.

All Proceedings in Suits for Tithes, except where expressly charged in the foregoing Schedule

O S c

050

o 10 0

O 10 oj

O 7 6\

0 I 0

0 I 0

0 10 0

0 10 0

III. PROCEEDINGS in the Courts of Law and Equity in Dublin, and in all other Courts in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall exceed Forty Shillings. ACTIONS in the Courts of the Lord Mayor and the Sheriffs of Dublin, and in the Courts of all Corpor-

AJMB16. 56° G EO.IIL C.56. 24

LEASE — continued.

And where the annual Amount of such Rent referred, or agreed to be referred, shall exceed the Sum of 400L or the Fine shall exceed 2, ooool. then, for every 100L of the whole Amount of such Rent, or for every 500I. of such Fine or Consideration, a Duty of And where there shall be both Rent and Fine, the Duty only to be paid in respect of such Rent or Fine as shall be liable to the higher Rate of Duty;

For eveiy Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in any such Indenture, Lease, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article, after the first Skin or Sheet, a Duty of LEASE, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article or Instrument, not otherwise charged, for felting or demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any Term not exceeding Three Lives or Thirty one Years, whether with or without a Clause or Covenant for the Renewa thereof, or with a Clause or Covenant of Renewal, which shall contain any Stipulation for the Payment of any pecuniary Fine in any way howsoever ;

On the first Skin, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, of each and every Part thereof;

Where the annual Amount of the Rent reserved or agreed to be reserved (any penal Rent, or any increased or reserved Rent in the nature of a penal Rent, not being included in such Amount! shall not exceed iol. and the Fine or Consideration for the lame shall not exceed 100L ..

Where the annual Amount

of such Rent

of such Fine or Consideration

shall exceed

and shall not exceed

£10 £ 20

jfs°

£ 100 ^150 £ 200£250 £300 £35°

S€ Gmo.

£20 £ So £100 £ iso £ 200 £2$o £ 300

£ 35° £400

III.

£ 100 £ iso

£ 200£500

£ns°

£ 1, 000 £ 1, 250 £ 1, 500 £i>7S° R

£ 150

£200 £ Sco

&750 £ 1, 000 £ 1*250 £ 1, 500 £ I»75° £2, 000

£.

d.

10

o

0

1

1

2

2

3

3

4

JO

o

10

o

10

o

10

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o o

C.6&

A.D.

2(>i

^6° CjEO. Ill*

COPY* attested of any Charge or Discharge filed in any Court of Equity - - -

COPY attested of any Account or Report filed in any ! Cause in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer'COPY: of any Account or Report filed in Chanceiy inrthe.

matter of any Minor or Lunatic 1 COPY or Extract, attested or otherwise, of any Accounts ! issued by the Accountants General of the Courts of ! '' Chancery and Exchequer, in any Suit of matter what-

\ soever, on each, and every Sheet or Piece of paper on.which the same may be written r COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing from any Public

Office, of any Affidavit therein filed, which Copy

j shall be read pr used in any Court of Law or Equity,

except in Actions or Suits where the Debt or Damage or thing claimed and demanded shall not exceed the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings'COPY attested of any Affidavit made to enter a Fine, or to ground any Application against a Sheriff or Coroner - - -

: COPY* attested or otherwise, issuing from any Public Office, of any Bill, Answer, Demurrer* Plea, Repli-: cation/. Rejoinder or other Pleacting, or of any'Interrogatories or Depofitiohs by Commiffibn or otherwise; in any Court of Equity ..

COPY issuing from any Public Office, of any Declaration

' in-Eje&ment or other Declaration, Plea, Replication, - Rejoinder, Demurrer or other Pleading what soever, in; any Court of LaW -

COPY of any Record to be fumished to any of the Judges, for hearing of Causes in Error in the Court of Ex- chequer Chamber, or in the Court of Delegates; COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing from any Public Office of Interrogatories, or the j3epositions or Answers thereto, in any Court of Law i COPY issuing from any Public Office, of any Rule or Order, made or given on any Petition or Motion, 6r otherwise, in any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall exceed Forty Shillings, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in Open Court, or by any Judge or other Officer of such Courts respectively, by way of a Fiat for an Order

COPY of any Summons whereby the* Defendant or De-| fendants shall be required to appear or answer to the

Plaintiff's Bill, or to appear before any Recorder, i Chairman, Assistant Barrister, Seneschal or Steward

\ - of a Manor, or other Judge or Officer, in any Proceed-

ing in a summary way by Civil Bill, save and except I

£. s.

Q

o 3

O 2

O $ O

0 0 3

o o 6

004

004 0 0 4

004

010

LEASE — continued.

exceed the Rate of Four hundred Founds by the Year -.*

Where such Rent shall exceed the Rate of Four hundred Pounds by the Year, then for every One hundred Pounds of the yearly Rate of such Rent «..

And every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in every such Indenture, Lease, Release of Deed, Minute or Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article or Instrument, after the firil Skin or Sheet -

LEGACY. — See Release, and Part the Third of this Schedule.

LETTER, or Power of Attorney, made by any Petty Oficer, Seaman or Marine, or Soldier serving as a Marine, for Recovery of Prize Money LETTER of Attorney for the Sale, Transfer, Acceptance or Release of Dividend} of any Government, Parliamentary Or other Stocks or Funds LETTER, or Power of Attorney, of any other kind, not otherwise charged -LETTER of Attorney empowering any Person to receive Rents in Iftsand, except Letters of Attorney to receive Rents ufidet Custodiams or Elegits -LETTER of Attorney empowering any Person or Persons to execute any Lease or Leafea of Lands in Ireland* on the Part ot Behalf of any Lefibr or Lefifee;

If such Letter of Attorney frail be limited to*the executing of atly Lease or Leases in^which the annual Amount of the Rent referred, or to be feserved, (any penal Rent, or any increased or referred Rent, in the nature of a penal Rent, dot* being included in such Amount, ) shall not exceed yl. and the Fine or Consideratioir for the same shall not exceed 20I. - -

And where such Letter of Attorney (hill not be limited - - - - -

LETTER of Attorney which shaft be limited to any larger Rent Ot Fine, of which shall not specify the Amount of the Rent or Fine to be reserved or received on such Lease -

LETTER of'Attorney empowering any Person to execute any Deed or Deeds of Conveyance of Lands or Tenements id Ireland* where the Confi deration of such Conveyance shall not exceed iool.

And where the Amount of such Consideration (halt exceed loot, or where the Amouat ef R 2

Duty. t€. 1. d.

xoo

o 10 o

o 10 o

OIO

0 1© 0

0 10 0

5 00

too

10 o o

16 © ©

2 o o

DECREE which shall be made or pronounced by, or any Warrant which shall issue under the Hand and Seal, or Hand only, of any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister, Town Clerk or Seneschal, or by any Judge of Assize, or other Judge whatsoever, in causet heard by Civil Bill, except Decrees by any Seneschal or Steward of a Manor where the Debt or Damages do not exceed Forty Shillings)

Where the Sum domed shall be under 5I, - -»

And where the Sum decreed shall amount to 5L and not amount to iol. -And where the Sum decreed shall amount to toL or upwards - - -

DECREE. — Renewal of a Decree or Difmiss, by whomsoever made, on any Proceeding by Civil Bill* lave as aforesaid - -

DEMURRER in any Court of Law -DEMURRER in any Court of Equity ... DEPOSITIONS taken by virtue of a Commission out of any Court of Equity (except the Paper Drafts thereof before the same are ingrqffed)-

DEPOSITIONS in answer to any Interrogatories in any Court of Law.-

DISMISS made or pronounced by any Recorder, Chair* man, Assistant Barrister or Judge of Assize DISMISS made or pronounced by any Seneschal or Steward of any Manor in auy Proceeding by Civil Bill, Save as aforesaid - -

ENROLLMENT of any Proceeding. — See RntEASX in the First Part of this Schedule*

EXCEPTIONS hied in any Court of Equity, for each Exception, whether alone or joined with any others or other - - ..

EXCEPTIONS hied in the matter of any Bankrupt or Lunatic -

EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any Court of Law or Equity whatever, of any Record or Pro. ceeding therein (except Exemplifications under the Great Seal, charged in the First Part of this Schedule) GRANT of the Custody of the Person or Estate of any Lunatic. — See Commission* of Lunacy. INDENTURES or Chirograph of a Fine levied in any Court, for each Part or Indenture -INQUISITION token by or before any Sheriff or his Deputy, or by or before any Coroner or Elifor, in any Action at Law, or under any Act of Parliament INQUISITION to be enrolled, of any kind, for each Sheet or Piece of Paper or Parchment on which the same may be written or ingrossed - .

INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Law -INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Equity, or in any matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy

o9(

o 4

07 6

016

040

040

040 o 4 q

o 4 0

O I 6

0 5 0

0 J 0

15 c

0 to 0

0 to o

1 O o

0 4 o

0 4 o

SCHEDULE, PART II.

i 1DJ O

So

Inteiiocwtory, in injr Court of Uw in Ireland - - -

MENT (not Interlocutory), on the Entry thereof of the superior Court! at Dublin /

'orany Sum under tool.

For iooL and not exceeding tool.

And for every tool, after the Sun of aool. a further Duty of Where the Sum in such Judgment shall exceed aool. or any nrogreffive Sum of iool. each, by any framonu Part of iooL for such fractional Part -

JUDGMENTS, Search for, commonly called a Negative Search for Judgments appearing on Record in any Conxt in Ireland against any Person, ifiited from any of the Public Offices of any Court in Ireland, whether Inch Search shall contain any Ext raft or Exfra&s of any Judgment or not, on the Officer's Certificate sub-fenbed thereto, for each Person as to whom such Search shall be made .

JUDGMENTS, Search for, commonly called a Common Search for Judgments issuing from any of the Public Offices of any Court in Ireland* whether such Search fhaR contain any Extra# of any Judgment or Judgments, or not, or whether such Search shall be signed by or on behalf of any Officer or Clerk of any such Public Office, for each Person against whom such Search shall be made - - - -

JUDGMENT. — See Assignment and Memorial. LETTERS of Guardianship under the Great Seal of Ireland - -

ORDER or Rule made or given in any of the Courts at DeMm* whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court on Motion, or by any Judge of such Courts respectively in his Chamber, by way of Fiat for an Order, or otherwise, or whether the same be ifibed or not, except on Petitions;

For the Entry of every such Rule or Order in the Book kept by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer of any Court in Dublin for that Purpose, whether written on One or more Sheets or Leaves »

ORDER or Rule made or given in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth exceed 40s. whether such Rule or Order shall be mnde in open Court on Motion, or by any Judge of such Courts vespectively in his Chamoer, by way of Fiat for an Order or otherwise, or whether the same shall be iffogd or not - - - .

Except such as shall be made on the Application of any Prisoner pr Insolvent Debtor*

Duty.

£ / dm

O^O

OfiO O II o

o o

o 10

PETITION* °n the Entry of, in any Suit in any of the Courts at Dublin, as alto in all matters of Bankruptcy, of Lunacy, of Minora, and in all other matters presented to the Court of Chancery or to the Lord Chancellor, or to the Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal -PETITION in any other Court, not otherwise charged, on each Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the lame shall be written.

PLEA in any Court of Law - -

PLEADING of any kind, in any Court of Law or Equity, not otherwise charged in this Schedule

POSTEA - - ..

j£* x.

o 4

o 3

o 4 '

o 4 0

o 10 o

PROCESS, commonly called. Process of Contempt, on each, not to contain more than Four Defendants PROCESS of Contempt, on the Entry of each, and every Process for not appearing, or for not answering, which shall be entered in the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, for each Defendant. - -

RECORD of NifiPrius -

RECOGNIZANCE conditioned for the Payment of any Money or for the Performance of any Covenant or Agreement entered into during the Progress of any Proceedings in any Court of Law or Equity RECOGNIZANCE on any Appeal from any Decree or Difmiss, by whomsoever made or pronouneed, in any Proceeding by Civil Bill ..

RECOGNIZANCE, Search for, commonly called a Negative Search for Recognizances appearing on Record in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer in Irelandt against any Person, whether such Search shall contain any Extract or Extracts of any Recognizance or Recognizances or otherwise, on the Officer's Certificate subscribed thereto, for each Person as to whom such Search shall be made.*

q i o

o 1 0

o 10 0

o JO 0

o 2 6

0 10 0

RECOGNIZANCE, Search for, commonly called a Common Search for Recognizances issuing from the Court of Chancery, or the Revenue or Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, against any Person, whether such Search shall contain any Extract or Extracts of any such Recognizance or Recognizances or otherwise, for each Person as to whom such Search shall be made -

REJOINDER in any Court of Law

REJOINDER in any Court of Equity -

REPLICATION in any Court of Law REPLICATION in any Court of Equity .

REPORT .made by any Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, or pi % XJeputy...r

o

o

o

o

o

o

A.D. 1«1A

-t6* geo. m.

C.£6.

247

SCHEDULE. PART I. Duty.

JfORTGAG E — - continued. Funds, the said act valorem Duty shall be I charged m relped of each. And in case the same respedivdy flmli be made as a Security for the Repayment or Trans- 1 fer, to different Persons, of separate and distinct Sums of Money, or Shares in any of the Stocks or Funds, the said act vdornk Duty shall be charged for and in respect of each fepat*ate and difttnd Sum of Money or Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds therein fpfccHird and & cured, ind not upon the aggregate Amount thereof. MORTGAGE, dec. Aoy Transfer, AJEgnasent or Reconveyance of any Mortgage, or of any such .other Security as afomsaid, (accept othervi'ife charged, ) or of the Benefit thereof, or of the Money or stock thereby secured in all cases Where the Person emitted to the Right of Redemption or Reversion shall not be made a Party to such Transfer, Alignment or Reconveyance, and also where the Fetfbas who originally made the Mortgage or Security shall continue entitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion, and (hill be made a Party to such Transfer or Alignment, provided no fort bit Sum of Money or Stock be added to the Principal Money or Stock already secured; and provided the original Mortgage, or such other Security to be assigned as aforesaid, shall have paid the ad valorem Duty granted by this Act, dr the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages granted by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Chap; 78. intituled " Art Ad to repeal the several Duties under the Core of the Comteissioners dP. 1. d.

for managing the Stamp Duties is frebmd9 and to grant new Duties id Men thereof." Where the Amount of the Sum originally fanned shall not amount to i^ool Where the Sum Audi amount to i, ooooL arid 1 10 0

upwards*- - -And in all other cases such Transfer or Alignment Audi be charged with the fane Duty as an original Mortgage or other Security. Provided always, that where feserkl distinct Deeds or Instrumeats faffing within the Defcfiption of any of the Inffrumenta hereby charged with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages, shall be made at the same time for securing the Payment or Transfer of one and the same Sum of Money, or one add the same Share of any Stock or Food before mentioned; the said R 4 a 10 0

*70 C.56. GEO. III. A.]

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty,

WRIT of Entry for suffering a Common Recovery WRIT of Error, or Certiorari, on any Appeal in any Civil Case (except from the Court of Admiralty or Prerogative Court, or any Diocesan or Archiepiscopal Court, or from any Dismiss or decree on any Civil / z o

Bill, or from any Manor Court) -WRIT of Superfedeas of a Commission of Bankrupt WRIT of Habere Facias Setfinam or Pojfjfionem, or 'Writ X o O 2

of Restitution or Poffemon - O 10

WRIT, Mandate* Subpoena, Writ of Habeas Corpus, or other Process whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall issue out of, or pass the Seal of, any of the Courts in Dublin, whether the same be the superior Courts of Law or Equity, or any of the Ecclesiastical Courts - O4O

GENERAL EXEMPTIONS from all Stamp Duties. All Proceedings for or on the behalf of any Person legally admitted to foe or aefend in forma Pauperis.

SCHEDULE } — PART THE THIRD.

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Will* and Letter* of ADMI! STRATION: on INVENTORIES to beeahibited in the Ecclesiifti Courts in Ireland} and on LEGACIES out of Real or Personal Estate; a on SUCCESSIONS to Personal Estate* upon Inteftacy.

PART THE THIRD. Duty.

PROBATE of a Will or Letters of Administration to be granted in Ireland, and any Letter of Administration, except A dministrations Ute> of whatever Number of Skins or Pieces of Parchment or Velhim, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper the same mav consist; Where the Estates and Effects, for or in respect of which such Probate or Letters of Aami- £. i-

nistration respectively shall be granted (eseclu-Jive of what the Deceased shall have been possessed of or entitled to as a Trufieefor any other Person or Persons and not beneficially ), shall be of the Value of 30I. and under the Value of iool. -(hall be of the Value of tool, and under the Value O I

of 200I. -(hall be of the Value of 200I. and under the Value t

of 300I. -(hall be of the Value of 300L and under the Value j d 0

of 400I. O O

TROBATE — cotltinmed.

shall be of the Value of 400L and under the Value of 500I. ..

shall be of the Value of cool, and under the Value of 600I. ..

shall be of the Value of 600L and under the Value of 700I. ..

Audi be of the Value of 700I. and under the Value of Bod. ..

shall be of the Value of 800I. and under the Value of 900I. ..

shall be of the Value of 9od. and under the Value of i, ooool. ..

shall be of the Value of l, ooool« and under the Value of 1, cool.

shall be of the Value of i, 5od. and under the*Value of 2, ooool.

shall be of the Value of ijOooL and under the Value of 3, cool.

shall be of the Value of 3, 500!. and under the Value of 5tOOol.

shall be of the Value of 5000L and under the Value of 7, cool. ..

shall be of the Value of 7, 500!. and under the Value of io, ood.

shall be of the Value of 10, 000l. and under the Value of i2, cooL -

shall be of the Value of 12, 506!. and under the Value of 15, 0001.

shall be of the Value of 15, 0001. and under the Value of 17, 500!.

shall be of the Value of 17, 500!. and under the Value of 20, cool. ..

shall be of the Value of 2o, ooooL and under the Value of 25, 000!. ..

shall be of the Value of 25, 0001. and under the Value of 30, 0001. ..

shall be of the Value of 30, 0001. and under the Value of 35, cool. ..

i shall be of the Value of 35, 0001. and under the Value of 40, 000!. ..

shall be of the Value of 40, 0001. and under the Value of 45, 000!. ..

shall be of the Value of 45, 000!. and under the Value of 50, 0001. ..

shall be of the Value of 50, 000!. and under the Value of 6o, ooool.

shall be of the Value of 6o, ooool. and under the Value of 70, 0001.

shall be of the Value of 70, 000!. and under the Value of 8o, ooool.

X. d.

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

7 0 0

8 0 0

9 0 0

15 0 0

30 0 0

35 0 0

60 0 0

75 0 0

90 0 0

110 0 0

>35 0 0

160 0 0

185 0 0

310 0 0

360 0 0

310 0 0

360 0 0

410 0 0

460 0 0

550 0 0

650 0 0

750 0 0

272

C.56.

56^ GEO. HE

A.I

PROBATE — continued,

shall be of the-Value of 8o, ooool. and under the.Value of 90, 0001. ..

shall be of the Value of 90, 000!. and under the Value of 100, ooool.

shall be of the Value of ioo, ooooL and under the Value of 125, 000b shall be of the Value of 125, 000b and under the.Value of 150, 000b -

shall be of the Value of 150, 000b and under the Value of 175, 000b shall be of the Valu$ of 175, 000b and under the Value of 200, 000b -

shall be of the Value of 200, 000b and under the Value of 250, 000b -

shall be of the Value of 250, 000b and under the Value of 300, 000b -

shall be of the Value of 300, 000b and under the Value of 350, 000b -

shall be of the Value of 350, 000b and under the Value of 400, 000b -

shall be of the Value of 400, 000!. and under the, Value of 500, 000b -

shall be of the Value of 500, 000b or.upward9 LETTERS of Administration, pendente lite Exemptions.

£. /. 850 0

950 0

1, 200 0

1, 400 0

1, 600 0

2.000 0 <

2.500 0 c

3, 000^ 0 (

3.500 0 <

4.000 0 (

5.000 0 c

6.000 0 c

5 0 C

Letters of Adminijl ration* or Probate of the Will* of the Goods* Chattels and EffieSs of any Non Commissioned Officer* Common Seaman, Marine or Soldier, who shall be Jlain or die in the Ser- vice of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successiors Letters of Admini/lration, de bonis non.

Probates that shall be taken out by any Executor, coming after another Executorshall have obtained Probate of the same.

RECEIPT or Discharge for any Legacy, Specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, given by any Will or Testamentary instrument, and charged upon or given out of any Real or Personal Estate, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged, or Monies arising from the Sale of any Real Estate directed to be sold by any Will or Testamentary instrument, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged;

Also for the clear Refid ue, or for any Part or Proportion of the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of any Person dying testate or intestate, or for the clear Residue, or for any Part or Proportion of the clear Residue deviled to any Person or Persons of any Monies arising, or that may arise, by the Sale of any

RECEIPT — continued.

Real Estate directed to be sold by any Will or Testamentary Instrument (after deducing all Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies and other Charges first made payable thereout) if any.

For every lool. of the Value of any such Legacy or Residue, or Part or Proportion of Kradue, paid, delivered, retained, latisfied or discharged, and for any fra&ional Part thereof, over and above any Sum or progressive Sums of tool, the Sums following, viz.

Where any such Legacy or Residue, or Share of such Residue, mall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother of Sifter of the Deceased, a Duty of

Where any such Legacy or Residue, or Share of such Residue, mall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Deceased

Where any such Legacy or Residue, or Share of fodi Residue, mall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased ..

And where any such Legacy or Residue, or Share of such Residue, mall have been given, or have devolved.to or for the Benefit of any Person, in any more remote Degree of Collateral Consanguinity to the Deceased than is before described, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in Blood to the Deceased, or to any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Public Institutions save Charitable Institutions) ..

Where any such Legacy or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Child of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Child of the Deceased - -

Exemptions.

Legacies and Residue*, or Shares of Residue, of any such Estate or EffeQe as aforesaid, given or devolving to or for the Benefit of the Huf 36 Gsis III. T

d.

5 o

O

lO

5 o

o xo o

t74?

C. 56.

56* GEO. I1L

A.D.

SCHEDULE, PART III. Duty.

R EC EIPT — continued. band or Wife of the Deceased, or to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family. Legacies given for the Education or Maintenance of poor Children in Ireland, or to be applied in Support of any Public Charitable Institution in Ireland, or for any Purtofe merely charitable. Legacies conJxJUng of Bools, Prints, Pifsures, Statues, Gems, Coins, Medals, Specimens of Natural Hidory, or other specific Articles, which shall be given or bequeathed to or in Trufl for any Body Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, or any Society, or any endowed School, in order to be kept andpreferred by such Body Corporate, Society or School, and not for the Purpose of Sale. i.

Forms of Affidavits to be required and received from Persons applying for Probates of Wills, ir, Letters of Administration of the Value of the Personal Estate and Effect < the Deceased.

No. im For Executors.

A. E. of an Executor [or Executrix, or A.E. c

and B. E. of Executors, or Executor an

Executrix, at the case may be} named in the last Will and Testament [on a Codicil annexed to the last Will and Testament] of C. T. [the Tcftatorj lit of who died on the Day of

18 maketh Oath and faith, [or make Oath and say; or in the case o Quakers, do or doth solemnly affirm and declare] that he [She or they] had [or have] made diligent Search and due Enquiry after and in respect of tiw Personal Estate and Effects of the said Deceased, in order to ascertain tbt full Amount and Value thereof; and that to the best of his [her or their Know, ledge, Information and Belief, the whole of the Goods and Chattels, Righti and Credits of which the said Deceased died poffefTed within the Province [a Diocefe] of consisting of the Property, Monies, Securities,

matters and things, specified in the Account anuexed to this Affidavit, are under the Value of £ exclusive of what the Deceased may hare

been poffefTed of, or entitled to, as a Trustee for any other Person or Persons, and not beneficially, and without deducing any thing on account of the Debts due and owing from the Deceased: And that according to the Knowledge, Information and Belief of this Deponent [or these Deponents] the said & ceased had also [or had not] other Personal Estate and Effects at the time of his [or her] Decease, within the Province [or Diocefe] of [or within any other Province or Diocese in Ireland.]

Sworn, on the Day of) [To be signed by A.E.

18 before me, j the Deponents] B.E.

No. a. For Administrators. |

B. A. of [and C.A. of ] in order to tie

1 due Adtninistration of the Personal Estate and Effc£U of D.I. [/J* hlejUtt]

late of who died on the " Day of

otcslate, maketh Oath and faith, dec. [as in the presiding Form.}

A.D. 1S1«.

56° GEO. III.

C.56.

275

is ACCOUNT of the ESTATE and EFFECTS of the late

i

Household Goods, Linen, Wearing Apparel, Books, Plate, Jewels, &c.

Property io the Stocks or Funds transferrable at the Bank.

Leasehold Property.

Pi ice of Stocks

/ d*

Property in Public Companies.

Money oat on Mortgage and other Securities.

Real £fbte devised to be sold, or Value of Legacies charged on Real Estate.

Stock m Trade, Farming Stock and Implements of Husbandry.

Other Perfooal Property not comprised under the foregoing Heads.

T 2

C»56«

56° GEO. III.

A.D

tie

SCHEDULE; — PART THE FOURTH.

Containing the Duties on NEWSPAPERS, ALMANACKS and 1 LICATIONS; and in respect of Articles not Ramped on VELI PARCHMENT or PAPER.

PART THE FOURTH.

Any Newspaper or Paper containing public News, Intelligence or Occurrences .. Any Hand Bill, or Bill for PofUng, containing a single Advertisement, except Hand Bills, or Bills for Polling respecting Charities, Robberies, Mureters, Loss of Property, and Sales under Dillrefs Warrants, or Executions, or for Rent ..

Any Almanack or Calendar for any particular Year or for any time less than a Year ..

Any Almanack or Calendar made to serve for any longer time than a Year, or for several Years Any Dublin Directory «..

Any Army Lift, or any List of Attornies, Solicitors or Conveyancers, duly admitted, and having paid Duty on their Certificates (except such Lifts respectively as shall be published with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being) ..

Any Account or Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, printed Or published daily, weekly, monthly or at any other time or times, as an Account or Abstract of Account of such Goods; for each Day's Account or Abstract of Day's Account contained therein, whether the same be printed or published separately, or included in or with any other Publication, and in Proportion to the Number of Days' Accounts, or AbstracU of Days' Accounts contained in such Publications, for each and every of such Publications, (except such daily or other Accounts, or Bills of Imports or Exports, as shall be printed or published by some Person or Persons authorized to print the same by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland).- - -

Articles not Jlambed on Vellum, Parchment or Paper*

For every Advertisement to be contained or published in any Gazette, Journal or Daily Accounts, to be published weekly or oftener; or in any other printed Paper 'or Pamphlet dispersed or made public yearly, monthly or at anj other Interval of time, or in any Hand Bill, containing more than One Advertisement; and for every Copy of any Proclamation, Order of Council or Act of State, made by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland) for

Duty.

£. /.

o o

o o o

O 0 9

o 7*o o d

o o

o o 1

AOKStAemakU Wf. — continued.

/die time being*, or the Privy Council of Ireland, which shall be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal or Daily Account, other than the r DMn Gazette - .

For emy Pamphlet or Paper, not exceeding Six Sheets, Odavo, or in a lesser Page, and not exceeding Twelve Sheets in Quarto, or Twenty Sheets in Folio, for every Sheet of any kind of Paper contained in one printed Copy or IinpreiJkm thereof, a Duty of Exemptions

Advertisements published by the Trufiets of Hospi-tals9 or other Charitable Injlitutionsy or by Trufiees for any other Purpose merely chart-tabley relative to the BuRnefs of such Hoffi-taliy or other Charitable Institutions, or to the Business of such Charities.

Any AB of Parliament, Proclamation, Order of Councilt Form of Prayer and Thankfgivingy or any -A3 of State which shall be ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Succejforsy or by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being9 to be printed or pubTJhcd; or any Votes or other metiers which are or shall be ordered to be printed by either House of Parliament; or any Books commonly used in any of the Schools in Ireland; or any Books containing only matters of Devotion and Piety; or any Weekly Bills of Mortality; or any Daily Accounts or Bills of Goods imported or exforted9 so as such Dally Accounts or Bills do contain no other matter than Accounts of Goods imported into, or exported from9 Ireland, and the Particulars relating to such Imports and Extorts9i and so as the same shall be printed and pub-

fyhed by such Person and Persons as shall be authorized thereto by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the time being.

For any ASSURANCE or INSURANCE, viz.

For any Assurance or Infuifence of any Ship or Snips, Goods or Merchandize, or any other Property or Interest whereon Insurance may be lawfully made against Loss in any Voyage or Voyages, or from the Dangers of or other Perils at Sea, where the Premium, or Con-federation in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bona fide paid or contracted for, Audi not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Cent.

T S

Duty.

j£. e» d*

o 2 6

0 2 0

278

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 18I

C.56.

ASSURANCE — continued.

For any Voyage to or from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, from or to any other Place in the said Kingdom or Istands;

Where the Sum insured shall amount to iool. or any less Sum And so progressively for every iool. so insured -And where the Sum insured (nail exceed iool. or any progressive Sums of iool. each, by any fractional Part of iool. for such fractional Part - - - -

For any other Voyage, where the Sum insured shall amount to iool., or any less Sum -

And so progressively for every iool. so insured -And where the Sum insured shall exceed iool. or any progressive Sums of iool. each, by any fraCtibnsu Part of iqol. for such fractional Part - ..

And where the Premium, or Conflderation in the Nature of a Premium, for such Insurance, actually and bona Jide paid or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Cent, for any Voyage, then a Duty m all cases equal to Double the Amount of the foregoing Duties respectively.

Any Assurance or Insurance for or upon any Sum of iool. or any lesser Sum that is or shall be insured by any Person or Persons in or by any Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Goods, Furniture, Warehouses, Merchandizes or other Property, from Loss by Fire, yearly .

And for every iool. of such Insurance, after the first Hundred, a like Sum of And where the Sum insured shall exceed iool. or any progressive Sums of iool. each, by any fractional Part of iool. a Duty in Proportion for such fraCttonal Part.

And so in Proportion for any (hotter Period than a Year, in all the said caips of Insurance frorp Loss by Fire.

For and upon every Pack of Printed, Painted or Playing Cards, made, manufactured or vended in Ireland

For and upon every Pair of Dice made, manufactured or vended in Ireland, - -

£. / I

o i 1

O I 3

o i 3

026

026

2 6

0 2

o 2

o 2 0

0 if 0

SCHI*

A.D. 1&16.

56° GEO. III.

C.56, 57.

279

SCHEDULE; — PART THE FIFTH. ALLOWANCES on the Purchase of STAMPS.

To terPerson who shall bring Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the Stamp

Ofe m Dublin to be damped, or who shall buy any ilamped Vellum, Parchment m Paper st the find Stamp Office, the Duties wnereof respectively shall amount to ^Wenty Pounds or upwards, save and except Vellum, Parchment and Paper to he faftd with any Duty of Ten Pounds or upwards, or with any Number of Stamps amounting in the whole to Ten Pounds, on One Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, ) an Allowance after the Rate of One Pound and Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds, upon prompt Payment of the said Duty upon such Vellum, Parchment or Paper so brought or stamped.

To Stadooers or Shopkeepers who shall purchase Stamps for Receipts to the Amount, at one and the same time, of Five Pounds, in Consideration of their making no Charge to the Public for the Paper ilamped for Receipts, but actually and bona fide felhng the same for the Price of the Stamp Duty only, Seven Pounds Ten Stuffings for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duty on such Stamps for Receipts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum not under the Siam of Five Pounds: this Allowance being over and above the Allowance on the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties to the Amount of Twenty Pounds and upwards.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to grant certain Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland, toxefpea of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses,

Carnages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to provide for the more effectual Colleflion of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes. [20th June 1816.J

VJLTHEREAS it expedient to repeal the several Rates, Duties 1 W and Taxes payable in Ireland in respect of House*} Fire 1 Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs,

under and by virtue of the several Act hereinafter mentioned, and

to grant new Consolidated Rates, Duties and Taxes in lieu thereof,

and to amend the Daws now in force for regulating and securing ' the Cofle&on of all such Rates, Duties and TaxesBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament affertibled, and by the Authority

of the lame. That from and after the Fifth Day of January One The following thottfend eight hundred and sixteen, the several Rates, Duties and Acts, granting Taxes on Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Car. Dimes 1on rages, Horses and Dogs, granted in and by the several Acts here- do"rl££ viJ"' inafter recited, or such of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes as were*in force in Irelasid immediately before the passing of this Act, and & Regulations and Directions contained in or made by the said Acts or say of them, for the Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or so much and such Parts of any of them as are or were so in force, shall cease and determine, and shall be and the same are hereby repealed; (that is to say), in and by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled an 47 G. 3-c.i*. AM to groat to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and

T 4 Taxes

280

C.57.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816

47 0.3. c ax.

4* G. j.c.41.

49 G .3.C.

SS G.3.c6x.

JJO.3. C67.

SS G. 3. c x4o.

repealed, except Arrears, fc*

Duties specified In Schedules annexed to be paid.

Ta$es in Ireland» and to allow certain Drawbacks in reJpeS thereof* in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Taxes and Drawbacks; and also in and by another Act made in the said Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for regulating and securing the Collection of certain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in respeS of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs and Carriages; and also in and by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in refbeS of Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horses, Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in respeS of the like Articles; and also m and by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Collection of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Servants, Horses and Dogs in Ireland; and also in and by Three several Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, that is to say, One Ad, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increased Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland in refbeS of Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes in reJpeS of the like Articles; and One other Act, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in reJpeS of certain Male Servants, Carriages and Horses kept to be let to hire; and One other Act, intituled An Act to make further Provifons for the Collection of certain Duties on Male Servants, Carnages and Horses, and in respeS of Houses in Ireland; and the said Rates, Duties and Taxes granted in and by the said recited Acts, and the Regulations contained in the said recited Acts, and the said recited Acts and every of them shall be and the same are hereby repealed accordingly, and shall cease and determine, except so far as the said Acts or any of them repeal or repeals any former Act or Acts, and except also so far as the said recited Acts or any of them relate or relates to the charging, recovering, levying, paying or amounting for any Rates, Duties and Taxes or Arrears thereof, or may concern or relate to the prosecuting, suing for and recovering of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, for any Offence against the said Acts or any of them, or for any Offence again H: any Ad or , Acts relating to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, which shall have been qr shall be committed, on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and except so far as relates to any Suit or Proceeding which may have been commenced or inilituted or shall be commenced or instituted at any time after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and before the passing of this Act, for or in respect of or relating to the Rates, Duties and Taxes mentioned in this Act or the Schedules thereto annexed, and which said Suits or Proceedings shall and may be proceeded on to Judgment and Execution, to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Acts had not been repealed and determined-

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, there shall be levied, raised, collected, paid and satisfied, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon and in respect of the fevers! Fire Hearths or other Places used for firing or Stoves, Windows or

Lights,

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.57.

Ml

Lights, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings, Carriages and Dogs, mentioned, specified, described and expressed in the several Schedules marked (A.) (B.) (C.) (D.) (£) fF.)(G.) (H.) (I.) and (K.) respectively to this Act annexed, the ferenl Amounts, Sums of Money, Rates, Duties and Taxes as they are respectively described and (et forth in the said respective Schedules; and that the said several Schedules, and all and every the Roles, Regulations, Exceptions, Exemptions and Abatements therein respectively specified and contained, (nail be deemed and taken to be a Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the said Rates, Duties apd Taxes shall be in lieu and instead and in full Satisfaction of all Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, upon and in respect of the like Articles, matters and things, except such Rates, Duties and Taxes as have been or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain local Purposes in Ireland, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and which Rates, Duties and Taxes are or may be appropriated to such local Purposes, by the Act or Acts by which the same are or shall be granted or imposed, or by any other Act or Acts*

111. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Assessment and Charge of the Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of Fire Hearths, and other Firing Places, or Stoves, and Windows or Lights, Male Servants, and other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings, Carriages and Dogs, or of any of them which shall have been made, and alto every Act or Acts which shall have been done or performed by any Officer in relation to the same, at any time since the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and before the passing of this Act pursuant to the Regulations and Provisions of any Act or Acts hereinbefore recited and repealed, shall be and the same is and are hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been made, charged, done and performed after the Commencement and under and pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers and all other Persons duly authorized to ad, proceed, do and perform every matter and thing on and in respect of such AfiefTments, Charges or other Acts done and performed as aforesaid, as if the same had been made, done, charged or performed after the Commencement and under the Provision and the Regulations in this Act for that Purpose contained*

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Act and the several Schedules hereunto annexed, granted and made payable, shall be paid and payable and received and receivable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, and that all and every the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, the necessary Charges of raffing and accounting for the same being deducted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers or other Person who now is or are or hereafter shall be appointed by or acting under the Orders or Directions of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, for the charging, assessing, collecting or superintending the charging, mfleffing or CoQedkm of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them at any rime in the Day time, between the Hours of Eight of the Clock to the Forenoon and Suofet, to enter into any House and into

every

Dutiti in lieu of former Duties.

AfiefTments and Proceedings thereon since Jan. 5, 18x6, valid.

officers authorised to

Duties paid in British Currency, and carried to Consolidated Fund.

Officers may enter Housesto ascertain Number of Hearths and Windows.

MS

C. 57.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

If Admittance be not obtained, Officers to leave Notice.

Occupiers reefing Admittance.

Penalty.

Potting Notice. Officer not admitted.

Penalty.

Admittance to any Apartment (except the Kitchen or Outhouse) may be refused if a Charge for One Hearth and Three Windows be allowed.

every Outhouse, Office and Edifice appertaining thereto, and into the several Apartment* and Places therein, and to take Information from his own View and Survey of the Number of Fire Hearths and other Places, used for Firing and Stoves therein; and also of the Number of Windows or Lights therein, and such House, Office or Edifice shall be charged accordingly with the Rates and Taxes, in respect of the Number of Fire Hearths and other Places used for Firing and Stoves, and of Windows or Lights therein; and if any such Officer or Officers, or other Person authorized as aforesaid, shall not on Demand of Entrance, by knocking or otherwise, obtain Admittance into any such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice, or after Admittance shall not be suffered to enter into all and every the Apartments and other Places therein respectively, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or other Person authorized as afore said, and he is required to leave a Notice at such House with any Person resident therein above the Age of Sixteen Years, fettmg forth that such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid will attend at such House at a certain Day and Hour, to be specified in such Notice, such Hour to be within the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and requiring to be admitted into such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice, and into every Apartment and Place therein respectively; and if such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall not at the time mentioned in such Notice obtain Admittance into such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice, and into every Apartment and Place therein into which he shall require to be admitted, the Occupier of such House or the Person deemed the Occupier within the Provision of this Act, as the case may be, shall for each Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if no Person shall appear at such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice from whom such Officer or other Person as aforesaid can make Demand of Entrance, or on whom such Notice can be served, then such Officer or other Person as aforesaid shall and he ib hereby required to poll such Notice as aforesaid on the Door of such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice; and if such Officer or other Person as aforesaid shall not at the time mentioned in such Notice be admitted into such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice and into every Apartment and Place therein, then the Occupier thereof shall forfeit the like Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Person who shall attend such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid upon such Survey may refuse to admit such Officer or other Person into any Room or Apartment, except the same be a Kitchen or a Room in an Outhouse, upon such Person who shall so attend con* fenting that the Tax in respect of One Fire Hearth and of Three Windows shall be charged for such Room or Apartment; and in such case every such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall accordingly charge such House with the Tax for One Fire Hearth and Three Windows for every such Room or Apartment, and no more, unless it shall be ascertained by such Officer or other Person as aforesaid, without entering into such Room or Apartment, that the same contains a* greater Number of Fire Hearths, Filing Places or Stoves than One, or a mater Number of Windows or Lights than Three, and such Tax shall be paid accordingly*

VII. Pic

A.D. 1816

56° GEO.IIL

C.57.

285

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any House or any Part thereof is or shall be let in different Apartments to any Person or Persons* the Owner of such House so letting the same or for whose Benefit such letting is made, shall be deemed the Occupier thereof, and shall be charged with and be liable to pay the Rates* Duties and Taxes in respect of the Fire Hearths and Stoves or other Fire Places* and of the Windows or Lights in such House* with every Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto.

VIII. And be it further enacted* That the Rates* Duties and Taxes on Fire Hearths* Firing Places and Stoves* and on Windows or Lights* and on Houses in respect thereof* shall be charged on and payable by the Occupiers of such Houses respectively* or the Persons having the Right to occupy the same: respectively, and shall and may be levied at any time by Distress and Sale or the Good? and Chattels of such Occupier or Person having the Right aforesaid* during whose Occupancy or Right thereto* inch Rates* Duties or Taxes had incurred* and that any Arrear of such Rates* Duties and Taxes not exceeding Two Years* Amount* exclusive of the Rates* Duties and Taxes of the current Year in which a Distress shall be made* and no more* shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any subsequent Occupier of such House.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every House in which* with any Outhouse* Office or other Edifice appertaining thereto* there shall be T wo or more Hearths or Places for Firing* or Stoves* or Seven or more Windows or Lights, shall* when required by any such Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid* make due and immediate Declaration and Return of the greatest Number of Hearths* Fire Places or Stoves, and of Windows or Lights respectively* which were in his or her House, with every Outhouse, Office or other Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto* on the Sixth Day of January then next preceding* or between the said Day and the time of making such Declaration or Return* and shall within' Fourteen Days next after any additional Hearth, Fire Place* Stove or Window or Light shall be made or opened* deliver or cause to be delivered to such Officer or other Person authorized' as aforesaid* or in his Absence to the Collector of Excise of the Di drill in which such House is situate* a true Lift or Account in Writing* under his or her Hand* of every such additional Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, and Window or Light respectively; and if any such Occupier shall refuse or neglect to make or deliver such Declaration or Return* Lift or Ac* count* or shall make any undue or false Declaration or Return* Lift or Account, such Occupier shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds* together with a Sum equal to double the Rate* Duty or Tax which he or she ought other wise by Law to be charged with in refpc£t of Hearths* Fire Places or Stoves, or Windows or Lights* as the case may be; and if at any time any greater Number of Hearths* Fire Places or Staves, or Windows or Lights* shall be d&overed. in any House* or in any Outhouse* Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto* or occupied therewith* than the Numbers respectively expressed in such, Declaration or Return* Lift, ctr Account* it shall be taken and received as sufficient Proof of a fai/e or untrue Declaration or Return* or Account^ unless due -Srpfff be Jtytde by, such.Occupier that the Hearth*. Eire. Place or

Stove*

Owners of Houses let in Apartments deemed Occupiers.

Goods of Occupiers liable te Duties.

Distress.

Occupiers having Two Hearths or Seven Windows or more, to make, when required, a Return of the greatest Number, and afterwards give Notice of additional ones.

Default.

Penalty.

Greater Number of Windows, than ftatedufed.

Proof of false Declaration.

Duties charged for the whole Year for such Hearths and Windows as shall be in the House on the 6th Jan. and all additional nw.

Evading Duty by flopping up Fire Places or Windows.

Penalty.

What shall be deemed a flopping up.

Persons keeping Carriages, Servants, Horses and Dogs, to deliver a List thereof when required, specifying certain Particulars.

C.57. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 1816.

Stove, Window or Light, so exceeding had been made or opened within Fourteen Days next previous to such Discovery.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Rates, Duties and Taxet in respect of Fire Hearths or other Fire Places and Stoves, and Windows or Lights, shall be charged for the whole Year, commencing on the Sixth Day of January, for such Number of Fire Hearths or other Fire Places and Stoves, and Windows or Lights, as shall on the Sixth Day of January in any such Year be in any House, or in any Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto, and also for any and every additional Fire Hearth or other Place for Firing or Stove, and Window or Light, which at any time after the Sixth Day of January in any Year shall be in or be made or opened in any such House, or m any Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto; and that if any Person, in order to evade the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax in respect of Fire Hearths or other Fire Places or Stoves, or Windows or Lights, payable within such Year, shall (lop up, deface, cover or conceal any Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, or any Window or Light chargeable with the said Rate, Duty or Tax, every such Person shall forfeit and pay Ten Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Rate, Duty or Tax for the same respectively s Provided always, that the Proof of the time when any such Hearth, Fire Place, Stove, Window or Light may have been flopped, shall lie on the Occupier of the House: Provided also, that no Hearth, Fire Place, Stove, Window or Light, shall be deemed to be flopped up, unless such Hearth, Fire Place or Stove be built up with Stones or Bricks, and Mortar made with Lime, so as thereby to be wholly unfit for Use, or such Window or Light be flopped up with the like Materials as the Wall or Roof adjoining thereto respelively is composed of.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland having, keeping, using, retaining or employing, or having had, kept, used, retained or employed, since the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, any Carriage with Four Wheels, or any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, or any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any Dog, upon or in respect of whom or which any Rate, Tax or Duty is or may be imposed by this Act, or any Act or Acts at any time hereafter to be in force in Ireland; and every Person keeping or having kept, retaining or having retained, since the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, any Servant, Carriage, Horse, Mare or Gelding to be let to Hire, or letting or having let to Hire any Servant, Carriage, Horse, Mare or Gelding, since toe said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall, upon Demand, or within Ten Days next after a particular Notice for that Purpose shall be served or left, or caused to be served or left at the usual Place of Residence of such Person respectively, by any such Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid, deliver to such Officer or Person so authorized, a true Lifl or Account in Writing under his or her Hand, of every such Carriage, and of every fuel Male Servant or other Male Person, and of every such Horse, Mare and Gelding, and of every such Dog which any such Person shall or may have had, kept, used, retained or employed, or shall or may have, keep, use, retain or employ, at any time after the said Fifth

i>»y

A.D.lfclC,

56° GEO. III.

C.57.

28*

Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or at any time after the Fifth Day of January in any subsequent Year; and which said Lift or Account shall contain the Name and Surname of the Person delivering such Lift or Account, the Name of his or her Residence or Place of Abode, at the time of delivering such Lift or Account, and of the Place, Parish, Barony, City, Town and County, as the case may be, in which such Residence is situate, and the Description of every such Carnage, and the Name and Surname of every such Servant or other Male Person, and the Capacity in which such Servant or other Male Person was, is or shall be, or shall have been retained or employed, and the Kind and Description of every such Dog, and the Uses and Purposes for which every such Horse, Mare or Gelding was or is or shall be kept or used, letting forth whether any such Carriage, Servant or Horse, Mare or Gelding was hired, or used on Hire, and (if any) the Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Person from or by whom every such Servant, Carriage, and Horse, Mare or Gelding, shall have been or shall be let to Hire, and the Period of each letting to Hire of every such Servant, Carriage, or Horse, Mare or Gelding respectively; and in every such Lift or Account to be delivered by the Person or Persons keeping, or who shall keep to be let to Hire, or letting, or who shall Jet to Hire any Servant, or any Carriage, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding, such Person or Persons shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons for whose Use or in whose Service each and every such Servant, Carriage and Horse, Mare or Gelding, shall have been or shall be employed on Hire, and the Number of each let to Hire to any such Person, and the Period of every such Letting; and from time to time, as often as any Person shall begin to keep or have any Carnage, or to retain or to employ any Servant or other Male Person, or to keep or use any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, and also from time to time, a9 often as any Person shall keep or have an additional Carriage, or shall retain or employ any additional Servant or other Male Person, or shall keep or use any additional Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any additional Dog, beyond the Number of the same respectively exprefred in any such respective Lift or Account; then every such Person respectively shall, within Fourteen Days next after such Carriage or additional Carriage shall be kept or come into the Possession of such Person, or after any Male Servant or other Male Person, or additional Male Servant or other Male Person shall be retained or employed, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, or any additional Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, shall be kept or used by such Person, in like manner delivered to the said Officer, or Person authorized as aforesaid, a like Lift or Account of every such Carriage, Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, and of every such additional Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, as the case may be; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to deliver, in manner aforesaid, any such Lift or Account as is hereinbefore required, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lift dr Account of the matters and things aforesaid, or any of them, or if at any time any such Person shall Keep, retain or employ, or use any greater Number of Carriages or Servants, or Male Persons, or Horses, Mares or Geldings, or Dogs, being respectively liable to Duty, than shall he exprtifed and mentioned in such Lift or Account, delivered br

such

Whit the Lift to contain.

Lift to contain Name and Place of Abode of the Person in whose Service such Servant, Carriage, shall be employed

Additional Carriages, tec. employed.

A like Lift.

Neg1eding,c. to deliver Lift.

Greater Number of Carriages, 4c. kept than stated in Lift.

C. 57.

S6° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Penalty.

Duty on Servants, Carriages or Horse* let to Hire, to be paid by the Persons using them, unless paid by the Persons letting tfiem.

Sic.

Notice affixed on Church Doors, Ire. of every Parish, requiring Persons to deliver Lifts of Carriages, Servants and Horses, Ire kept by them.

such Person, or shall keep, retain, employ or use any Carriage* Servant, Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, refp<&-ively liable to Duty, not expressed or mentioned in such Lift or Account, every fuen Person mall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Rate or Tax in respect of any such Carriage, Servant, Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, as the case may be, of which such Person shall have negie&ed or refused to deliver a List or Account in manner required by this Act, or of or in respedfc to which any such Person shall have delivered or shall deliver any undue or falle Lift or Account.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where any Servant, Carriage or Horse, Mare or Gelding shall be let to Hire, and the Person using such Servant, Carriage or Horse, Mare or Gelding on Hire, shall not make such Lift or Return, as is hereinbefore required, then and in such case the Rates, Duties and Taxes chargeable in respect of each and every such Servant, Carriage and Horse, Mare or Gelding respectively, for One Year, shall and may be charged upon, and shall be paid by the Person using such Servant, Carriage or Horse, Mare or Gelding on Hire, over and above the Penalty incurred for any Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons by whom such Servant, Carriage or Horse, Mare or Gelding shall have been let to Hire, shall have been duiy charged for such Servant, Carriage and Horse, Mare or Gelding respeckively; and in every case where the said Rates, Duties or Taxes shall be chargeable on the Person using such Servant, Carriage and Horse, Mare or Gelding on Hire, ana making Default of Return as afore* said, such Rates, Duties and Taxes shall he charged upon such Person in respect of each such Servant, Carriage or Horse, Mare or Gelding so used on Hire, in like manner as if such Servant, Car* riage or Horse, Mare or Gelding had not been hired, but had been used, kept, retained or employed by such Person without f have been hired to him or her respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for every such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, and such Officer or other Person so authorized shall and is hereby required, within Sixty Days after the passing of this A ft, and within Sixty one Days after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sevenleen, and in uke manner within Sixty one Days after the Fifth Day of January in each and every subsequent Year, (or at such other times as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, shall from time to time direct, order and appoint, ) to affix or cause to be affixed on the Doors of the Church or Chapel or Market House, or Public School House (if any such there shall be) of every ParifKt or Place within the respeoive Walks or Divisions of such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, or in such of the Parishes or Places as shall he prescribed and directed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, (and if any Parish or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, Market House, or Public School House, then on the Doors of the Church or Chapel or Market House of the nearest or adjoining Parish, ) a General Notice (igned by such Officer or other Person in such Form as shall have been or shall be directed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, requiring that all

Perfoxw

66* GEO. III.

C. 57.

*87

elm reS&g in the said Parish or Place liable to the said Rates, wtkt or Taxes or any of them, shall make oat and deliver Lifts Abb — Ci of Carriages Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Jpr Gddmgs and Dogs, directed to or for the said Officer, jr for the said Person authorized as aforesaid, at some House y within the said Parish or Place, to be specified in such within Twenty one Day! next after the Date of such Notice, I Afe general Notice shall from time to time, when the same shall Atd, be deemed a Requisition or Demand upon every Person ns such Parish or Place, to deliver such Lifts or Accounts within said Space of Twenty one Days accordingly; and if any Peris foeb Parish or Place shall neglect or refuse to make out and rwe (ueh Lift or Account at the House or Place mentioned in jfta Notice, directed in manner aforesaid, within the said Space of svatyone Days, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lift or Pont, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the mof Ten Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the it*, Duty or Tax in respect of any Carriage, Servant, Male Perky Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, as the case may be, of lid such Person shall have neglected or refused to deliver a List i' Account in manner required by this Act, or of which any Perns Cull have delivered or shall deliver any undue or false Lift or .const, and all Persons shall be liable to such Penalty for not com-yof with such general Notice, whether, any particular Notice TODg any such Lift shall have been delivered or left to or for A Person or not, and if such general Notice so affixed shall be smottd or defaced at any time during the said Space of Twenty mt Days, every such Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid, haQ caafe a fanfar Notice to be so affixed, and so from time to ineu often as Oecafion shall require during the said Space of JVnry one Days; and any Person who shall wilfully tear, deface r obliterate aay Inch Notice so affixed, shall forfeit for every such Meuot a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five founds, at the Discretion of the Court or Justice before whom udi Person shall be convicted of such Offence.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whether ad general Notice shall be posted or not as aforesaid, such Officer w Person authorized as aforesaid shall from time to time serve or save, or causa to be served or left, particular Notices at the usual 'bet of Abode or Residence of every Person in his proper Walk, Xhifion or District, liable or supposed to be liable to the Rates, and Taxes on Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Per-oitt, dories, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, or any of them, requiring dl luck Persons respectively to deliver to such Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid the several Lifts and Accounts which such Period is by this Act required to deliver, within Ten Days next afar Inch Notice shall be served or left as aforesaid, and all and Person making Default in delivering such Lifts or Accounts ch Ten Days shall be liable to the Penalties hereinbefore by iaftisted, for not complying with such particular Notice, whefter say such general Notice as aforesaid shall have been posted or not

XV. Asd be it further enacted, That every Person who shall deli-or Account required by this Act as aforesaid, and who

shall

Such Notice deemed a Demand to deliver

Lift.

Neglecting to deliver such Lids or making false Lifts.

Penalty.

Removing or defacing Notices.

Penalty.

Notice to be left at Dwelling Houses.

Default in delivering Lifts.

Penalty.

Persons keeping Carriages, &c. at more Places

2*8

C. 57.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 181&

than one to Return the whole Number,

and specify Places where Carriage*, &c. kept.

Declaration of Places where Persons charged intend to pay, signed.

Default.

Penalty.

Owners of Houses to give a List of the Car riages, &c. kept by their Lodgers.

Penalty.

Notice to he read to Lodgers who are to declare whether thcv are liable to the Duty.

shall keep, use, retain or employ any Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, in any other Place in Ireland than the Place where such Lift or Account shall he delivered, shall in every such Lift or Account set forth the whole Number of Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs kept or used, retained or employed by such Person in Ireland, in order that such Person may be charged for the same according to the Rate chargeable on the greatest Num. ber retained or kept in the whole, and such Person shall specify the Places with the Parish and Barony, County, Town or City in which the same shall be (ituate, where each such Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Persons, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, shall be at the time when such Person shall deliver such Lift or Account, and shall make and sign a Declaration of the Parish or Place in the County, Town or City in which such Person intends to pay for all such Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, and on Proof of Payment by any Person of the Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of all such Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, in any one Parish or Place, by Production of the Receipt signed by the Collector to whom the Payment shall have beep made, or of a Certificate by such Collector, such Person shall be acquitted from the Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes respectively, in any other Parish or Place in Irelands and if any Person shall neglect or ref use to set forth such Particulars as are hereby required in such Lifts or Accounts, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

' XVI. And Whereas Difficulties may arise in ffifcovering

Lodgers or Inmates in Houses liable to pay the said Rates,

Duties and Taxes, in respect of Carriages, Male Servants and other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings and DogsBe it therefore enacted, That the Owner of any House lotting the same, or any Part thereof, to any Lodger or Lodgers in which any Lodger or Inmate shall reside, who mall keep, retain, employ or use any Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, shall deliver to any such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, on Demand, or within Ten Days after Notice served by such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, by leaving or causing to be left the same at the House of* such Person as aforesaid, a true Lift or Account in Writing under the Hand of such Owner expressing the Name and Surname of every such Lodger or Inmate, with an Account of every Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog kept, retained, employed or used by such Lodger or Inmate, to the heft

of the Knowledge and Information of such Owner; and if any such Owner shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Lift or Account as aforesaid, or shall wilfully omit or misrepresent any Defcriprioo which ought to be contained therein, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lift or Account, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Owner as aforesaid in whose House any Person liable to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, shall reside as a Lodger or Lunate, shall for the Purpose of making an accurate Lift or Return cause the

16 Contents

A.D. 1S1G.

56° GEO. III.

289

C. 57.

Content* of the Notice left at hi* or her House to be read over and made known to seach and every such Lodger or Inmate, reauiri/ig them respectively to declare to him or her and attest such Lift or Return to be made, whether such Lodger or Inmate be liable to the said Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any and which of them, or whether such Lodger or Inmate, hath another Place of ordinary Residence, where he or she intends to be charged, and every such Lodger or Inmate being thereunto required shall be obliged to make such Declaration; and if any such Lodger or Inmate shall neglect or refuse to make Declaration, or to attest the Lift or Return to be made thereof, every such Lodger or Inmate shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Owner as aforesaid, by whom any such Declaration ought to be required, shall neglect to require the same, or to whom any such Declaration shall be made, (nail neglect to insert the same in the JLift or Return to be made or delivered by such Owner as aforesaid, pursuant to this Act, every such Person (o offending shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person occupying or owning any House, subject to any Rate, Duty or Tax in respect of Fire Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves, or Windows or Lights, or keeping, uiing, retaining or employing any Carriage, or any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding or any Dog, upon or in respect of which any Rate, Duty or Tax is or may be payable as aforesaid, shall be absent from the Place of her or his Abode at the time of the Service or polling of such Notice requiring such Lift or Account as aforesaid, then a List or Account of the Fire Hearths and Windows in any House belonging to such Person, and of any and every Carriage or Male Servant or other Male Person, or Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, kept, used, retained or employed by such Person, made out and sub-fenbed by the Ag?nt, Steward, Housekeeper or Servant of such Person so absent, ancf delivered as aforesaid, shall be to all Intents and Purposes of the same Effect as if such Lift or Account were made out and subscribed and delivered by the Person owning or occupying such House, or keeping, using or employing any such Carnage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog respectively, as the case may be; and in case such Lift or Account shall be an undue Lift or Account, the same shall subject such Occupier, Owner or Person, keeping, retaining or employing such Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Matt* Gelding or Dog respectively, to the like Payments and Penalties as if the lame had been made and subscribed by himself or herielf respectively.

XIX* And be it further enacted, That such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall not be bound by any List or Account which shall be delivered to them respectively, but shall be at Liberty, if they shall find, upon due Examination, that any Person, Description, Article, matter or thing, which ought to be contained in such Lift or Account, is or are omitted or untruly stated therein, to make a true Assessment and Charge upon every such Person, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, of the real Charge which ought to be imposed on such Person.

S6GtQ.ni. U XX. And

Penalty.

Owner neglecting.

Penalty.

In case of Absence of Perfofts liable, their Agenta nr Servants may make and deliver Lilts,

to be of the same Effect as if delivered by Owners, and liable to lame Penalties*

Officers not bound by any List delivered which proves defective.

CL5T.

GEO. III.

A. I

Officers to make AfteflTments where Lifts are neglected to be delivered.

Oath or Affir-

taltiop.

f Sit.

Proviso.

Persons on whom Notice frail be served keeping no Car. riages, &c. frail sign a Declaration that they do not.

Neglecting.

Penalty.

Officers may (urchsrge.

Notice.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person f gleft or refuse to make out, sign and deliver any such Lift or A as is in this Act directed within the respective times ia tl mentioned, then the Officer or other Person authorized a< said shall, from the best Information he can obtain, make an ment or Charge upon such Person, of the said Rates, Dut Taxes, for and in respect of every Male Servant or other Ma son. Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, kept, used, r or employed by him or her as aforesaid, and every such Act and Charge so made upon any such Neglect or Refusal, shall I and conctufive upon the Person thereby charged, who fluO i at Liberty to controvert the same, unless such Person shall due Proof on Oath, or if a Quaker an f Affirmation, that he< was not at his or her Dwelling House or Place of Abode a time of the Delivery of such Notice, nor between that Day tot time limited for delivering such Lift or Account a« tfomnid unless such Person shall allege and prove such other Eicdc for having delivered in his or her Lift or Account, as the kid 0 missioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of ft shall in their Judgment think reasonable and sufficient: Proti always, that no such Excuse shall be admitted to be alkgft proved until the Person alleging the same shall have delivered Lift or Account as is required by this Act,

XXL Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thit if Person upon whom any such Notice shall be served to return i or Account of Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horse, Mi Geldings, Carriages and Dogs, or of any of them, shall not os Sixth Day of January preceding the Service of such Notice, 1 had, kept, retained, used or employed any Male Servant or 0 Male Person, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any Carriage any Dog, or shall not, between that Day and the time of the/ vice of such Notice, have had, kept, retained, used or mplo any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horse, M« Gelding, or any Carriage, or any Dog, every such Perfa f nevertheless make and deliver a Declaration in Writing, fobfi by fych Person, setting forth that such Person had not, ( Sixth Day of January preceding the Service of such Node at any time between the said Day and the time of the Sen such Notice, kept, retained, used or employed any Mils S or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding, o Carriage, or any Dog; and if any such Person shall wglea or to make and deliver such Declaration within Fourteea Days after the Service of such Notice, every such Person shall, for I such Neglect or Omission, forfeit the Sum of Twenty PooiKki XXII. And be it further enlisted, That it shall aBdaM lawful for every Officer or other Person authorized as «£* to surcharge any Person with the Rates, Duties and Tax« bjfl Act granted or any of. them, beyond the Rates, Dudes and IB or any of them, with which such Person shall have been pitrl charged; and such Officer or other Person shall give or causei given to the Party surcharged a Notice of such Surcharge, by ing or causing such Notice to be left at the usual Place of Aba such Party, in the District where such Surcharge shall be fl such Notice to be ftgned by such Officer or other Person

*5

A.D. 1S1«. 56 GEO, IIL C. 57.

ftudl have made such Surcharge, and to contain the Particulars of such Surcharge and the Amount thereof; and every such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid is hereby empowered to make any such Surcharge at any time during the Year, for the whole of such Year; and if any Person shall think himself or herself respectively aggrieved or overcharged by any such Surcharae, it Aail and may be lawful for the Party so surcharged reflectively forthwith to make his or her Complaint to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland\ and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to enquire into the matter of such Complaint, by ordering the same to be investigated by and before such Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, and such Officer or Officers and other Person or Persons lo appointed, are hereby authorized and required to hear such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath as well the Party so complaining as the Officer or other Person who shall have made such Surcharge; and also all such Witnesses as shall be produced by either of the said Parties thereupon, or upon other due Proof, to report to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, whether such Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons so making such Enquiry are of Opinion that the Party complaining ought to be relieved or not; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to make such Order in the matter m shall appear to them to be just and reasonable; and every such Surcharge, or to much thereof as shall be confirmed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall stand good and remain Part of the annual Charge and Assessment against the Party so complaining, who shall pay the Amount so confirmed within One Calendar Month after the Confirmation of the same; and if upon the Investi-gation of such Complaint it shall appear that the Person so com-plaining is or ought to be further charged to any Amount beyond the Amount contained in such Surcharge, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to order and direct that such Person shall be further surcharged with and in respect of the matter or thing or the Amount of the Sum omitted, and the Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall charge the same against such Person, who shall pay the Amount within One Calendar Month next after such further Surcharge shall be made; and if any such Person shall make Default of such Payment of any such Surcharge or further Surcharge respectively, every such Person so making Default fhaD and may be proceeded against in the like manner in every respe£t and for die like Penalties, as if such Surcharge or further Surcharge relpe&vely, as the case may be, had been the original Charge against such Person, and unpaid by him or her.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons itqwd to make or deliver any List or Account under the Provi-fims of thia Ad, and claiming to be within any of the Exemptions nHowfed by Law from any of the said Rates and Taxes, or claiming to be entitled to any Abatement of the same, shall make a due Return thereof, and declare the Cause or Grounds of such Exemption nr Abatement, such Declaration to be Specified in or annexed to the UiI or Account to be by such Person or Persons delivered; and if buy Difptite or Difference shall in any Instance arise whether the

U 2 Person

891

And Persons aggrieved may complain to the Commissioners.

Examination on Oath.

Commissioners may make Order,

and may direct Surcharge.

Default of Payment.'

Proceedings

Grounds of E«-emption from Duty to be <*» dared.

292

C. 57.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Errors in Charge of Duty may be refilled If Application be made within XI Months.

Person or Persons be entitled to such Exemption or Abatement, the Proof thereof, and of the Circumstance of such Exemption or Abatement, shall lie on the Person claiming such Exemption or Abatement, and not on the Officer charging or afieffing such Rates and Taxes.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Error shall be discovered in any Charge again! any Person by a Duty, or a greater Amount of Duty, being charged against such Person, than ought to have been charged, it (lull and may be lawful for such Person, within Twelve Calendar Months after the time when such Rates, Duties or Taxes had been or shall have been charged again! and ought to have been paid pursuant to such Charge by such Person, and not afterwards, to make his or her Complaint before the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, who are hereby authorized and required to examine into the matter of such Complaint, and upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction, to relieve the Party so complaining of such or so much of such Rates, Duties and Taxes as shall appear to have been unduly charged or overcharged; and if such Rates and Taxes shall have been paid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to repay the lame, or such Part thereof as shall appear to have been unduly charged, or to have been overcharged*

XXV. And be it further enacted, That any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall from time to time enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, the Number and kind of Carriages by him or her built and con-itru&ed for Sale; and also the Number and kind of Carriages which such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall part with, fell or dispose of at Second Hand on his or her own Account, whether the same shall have been repaired or altered by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and also of the Number and kind of Carriages kept by him or her for Sale, although the same may not have been built by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, didinguiffiing the Number of Wheels of each and if with less than Four Wheels, whether constructed to be drawn by Two Horses, and the Number fold, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons to whom fold, parted with or disposed of respectively, and the particular Day on which each Carriage was delivered or lent out of the Shop or Ware-house, Yard or other Place of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages; and every Person felling Carriages by Auction or on Commission shall keep a like Book, and in like manner enter in the same the Number and kinds of Carriages kept for Sale, and sold by such Person, distinguishing the Number of Wheels of each, and the Days on which fuen Carnages were fold, and to whom they were fold respectively; and every Livery Stable Keeper or other Person receiving any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any Carriage to ftaad at Livery, shall also from time to time enter in a Book an Account of every Carriage or Horse so (landing at Livery, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person by or on whose behalf such Carriage or Horse had been so sent or delivered, and the time of the fending

Which Accounts of the same respectively; all which Books shall at all feafouabk may be mfpedt- times in the Daytime be open to the Inspection of any such ed> Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, and such Officer

or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall hare power to enter

Chachmakers to enter in a Book the Number and Description of Carriagei made by them, See.

Persons felling Carriages by Auction, &c. to keep an Account :

Livery Stable Keepers also to keep an Account :

A.D. 1816.

36° GEO. III

C. 57.

SOS

into the House, Manufactory, Work Shop, Stables and other Buildings and Places of every such Coachmaker or Maker of Car* riagrs and other Persons respectively as aforesaid, and take an Account of all Carriages there, and of all Horses so at Livery as aforesaid, and to fitisfy himself of the Truth of such Entries in any such Books respectively; and every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages and other Person hereby required to keep such Account respectively, shall monthly (that is to say) within Twenty one Days next after the Fifth Day of each and every Month m each and every Year, deliver to the Collector of Excise or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Person respectively, shall carry on his or her Business, or to such other Officer or Person as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall direct and appoint to receive the same, deliver a true Copy in Writing of all and every Entry made in such Book or Books respectively within the Month ending on such Fifth Day of the Month, containing the 'matters and things before directed; and when required so to do by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any One of them, or by the Collector of Excise or other Officer in Cham of the Collection of such District, every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person, or his or her Chief Servant, Workman or Manager shall make Oath, or being a Quaker an Affirmation, of the Truth of such Account according to the heft of his or her knowledge and belief, and every such Copy of the Account to be delivered by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or Other Person shall, to the bed of his or her knowledge and belief, express the Name and Names of every Person required to be entered in such Account, and the Place or Places of his, her or their usual Residence; and if any such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person shall aegle6t to keep such Account or to deliver such Copy thereof, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein, or shall refuse to admit any such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, into the House, Manufactory, Work (hop, Stable or other Buildings or Place of or used by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person, at a reasonable Hour in the Daytime, for the Purposes aforesaid, such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Collector of Excise of the District or other Officer in charge of the Collection thereof, or other Officer or Person who shall be directed or appointed as aforesaid to receive such Account; to whom such Account as aforesaid shall be delivered by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or by any Person felling Carriages as aforesaid, shall forthwith transmit to the several Officers or otter Perkins authorized as aforesaid within his District, an Account of all such Duties as shall be due from any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Persons felling Carriages within the Walk of such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, who is hereby respectively empowered and required to demand, receive and collect the said Duties accordingly, in such Planner and with such Power and Authorities to all Intents and Poippib as any other Rates, Duties or Taxes under this Act

U 3 maj

Copy of Accounts of Coach-makers, &c. to be delivered mouthy to the Coin dor of the District.

Oath or Affirmation of Truth of Account.

Coachmaker neglecting to keep Account, &c.

Penalty.

Duties payable by Co^chmakers, fcc.to be collected by the proper Officer.

*94

C.S7.

5«° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Permit for the Conveyance of Carriage from House of die Coachmaker, he. to be obtained.

Removing with* out Permit.

Penalty. Carriage* imported to be pro* perly described in the Entry.

Copy of Entry sent to the Customs.

Such Carriage found removing without Permit.

Seisure or Payment of aoL

may be demanded, received and collected under or by virtue of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Carnage Audi be ibid or disposed of by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or by any Seller of Carriages by Auction or on Commission, stich Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or Seller shall, before such Carriage Audi be sent put of or from his or her Shop, Warehouse or Concerns, apply to the proper Officer of Excise in the District, by delivering or causing to be delivered a Request Note or Requisition in Writing duly damped according to Law, for a Permit to Convey such Carriage to the Person to whom the same Audi have been parted with, ibid or disposed of by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or Seller of Carriages; and such Officer shall forthwith without Delay grant such Permit accordingly without Fee or Reward, dating the nature or kind and Description of the Carriage, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Seller of Carriages, and of the Person to whom the same is to be conveyed; and if any Carriage so fold or disposed of shall be removed out of or from the Shop, Warehouse or Concern of any such Coachmaker, Maker of Carnages or Seller of Carriage, without such Permit duly obtained as aforesaid, such Coachmaker, Maker of Carriages or Seller of Carriages Audi forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Carriage which by this Act is or by any other hereafter to be in force In Ireland mall be liable to any Rate, Duty or Tax, under the Management of the Commissionert of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, Aiall be imported into Ireland, the Entry which dull be made of such Carriage at the Port of Importation Audi contain the Description of such Carriage, distinguishing the Number of Wheels, and if with leis than Four Wheels whether constructed to be drawn by Two Horset or otherwise, so as to ascertain the said Rate, Duty or Tax payable in respect of such Carriage by the Owner thereof, and also the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Person on whole Account such Carriage was imported, and a Copy of such Entry Aiall forthwith without Delay be Sent and delivered by the Officer of the Customs making such Entry to the proper Officer of Excise in such Port of Entry, and such Officer of Excise shall forthwith and without Delay and upon Demand grant a Permit for conveying the same from the Custom House or Place of Entry to the Residence of the Owner thereof, or to such Place as such Owner or some Person on his behatf shall require and direct; and if any such Carriage so imported dull be found without such Permit after the same fliau have been removed from the Custom House or Place of Entry, and before it shall have been placed in the Custody of the Owner thereof, or according to his Order or Direction, such Carriage may be Seized by any Officer of Excise or Taxes, and Audi be forfeited, unless the Sum of Twenty Pounds Aiall within Twenty one Days next after such 8eiaure thereof be paid for the same to the Collector of Excise for the District in which the same Aiall be so seized as aforesaid; One Moiety thereof for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer who Aiall Seize such Carriage.

XXIX. And

M3* OEO, IIL

C.S7.

And be it further enacted, That if any Person {hull refute W declare hie or her Name and Surname and Addition and JbfideBcet being required so to do by any Owner aa afore-r House, in the whole or in Part kt to Lodgers# or by or Maker of Carriages# or by any Seller of Car-by any Livery Stable Keeper, for the Purpose of enabling sr, Coach maker or Maker of Carriages# or Seller of Car-m Liwy Stable Keeper respectively, to deliver the Lida, or Accounts* and to make the Entries which such Owner# 1 or Maker of Carriages* Seller of Carriages or Livery Keeper is by this Act respectively required to deliver ana ms u any Person shall give or declare to any such Owner#: or Maker of Carriages, Seller of Carnages or Livery Casper# any false or SAitious Name# Surname# Addition or F Rekdeoce, every such Person so offending shall for each m any of the cases aforesaid# forfeit the Sum of Fifty to be paid to the O wner, Coachmaker or Maker of Career of Carriages or Livery Stable Keeper# by whom such WH have been required to give and declare hh or her Name# _ Addition and Place of Abode# every such Penalty never-to be (object to the same Powers of Mitigation and Reduction other Penalties in this Act are made subject to.

And be it further enacted# That the several Notices by Ad required to be given in respect of the Rates# Duties and tnralWnrd in this A£fc* or any of them# and the several Lifts# or Returns to be delivered pursuant to such Notices# and Rooks and Accounts by this Act required to be kept# and in to be made therein, and also the Receipts to be given ddtvered by the Officer to the Person paying the said Rates, ": and Taxes# or act, of them# on such Officer receiving the same, 'r he in such respective Form or Forms as the Com-idaod Excise and Taxes in Ireland* or any Three of ay from time tQ time order, direct and appoint; and it dull be nacefiary to prove on the Trial of any Complaint or In-touching the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, alar Order, Direction or Appointment of the said Com. or aay Three of them, for or of any such Fortn or Forms ' j} and if any Person who is by this Act required to keep or Rook % shall neglect or refuse to keep such Book or such Form or Forms as shall be so ordered# appointed, every such Person (hall# for every such Offence, forfait I the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

_ SI. And be it further eaaded# That the Stamp Duty on ^JUcepta given by virtue of this Act, whether including the i Houles not chargeable with any Duty in respect of i, or the Doty on Dogs or not, shall be paid by the Party I with the Rate, Duty and Tax in such Receipt specisted, »g to the full Amount of such Receipt# any thing in any I hr the CoUe&ion and Management of Stamp Duties payable on W Exchange* Promissory Notes, Receipts and Game Certifi-

m L AJ__f A.^ aL^ 1 il_

im Inland* to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXU. And be it further eaaded# That in all cases where any whether ftiali be by L.aw chargeable for the Rates# Duties and uahrtfpe&of Fir* Hearths, Fire Places, or Stoves or Windows

U 4 or

Lodger fusing t their N Refidea

or givtn fslfe R<

Penahj

Madgsi

Noticei and Ac &c. to 1 Form a mHTion rfireft.

Not ne prove f rection

Refufta keep B

Penalty Stamp i ceipta t by the charged Duty.

Duties i Hearth Wlndo paid by daises

296

C. 57.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.I

Their Goods, wherever found, and Goods an the Premires Bible.

Duty on Car* sieges, &c. to be paid to Officer.

Default.

Distress.

Cods of Distress,

be.

If Entrance not obtained. Officer may break open

or-Lights, such Person shall pay the said Rates, Duties and 7 on Demand of the proper Officer, made either at the House in re of which such Rates, Duties and Taxes are chargeable, or i Dwelling of the Person so chargeable, if the Person so chara shall not reside at the House in respect of which any such R Duties or Taxes are chargeable; and all Goods and Chattels d Parties so chargeable, wherever the same fhalf be found, and all G and Chattels in the House or the Outhouses, Offices or Edifices d unto appertaining, in respect whereof such Rates, Duties and T shall be due, fubie& to the Limitation hereinbefore provided, U subject and liable to the Payment of the said Rates, Duties Taxes; and in Default of Payment of the said Rates, Duties Taxes, it shall be lawful for such Officer at any time between Su and Sunset to make Entry into any or either of such Hou/ci, i any Edifices appertaining thereto, and to levy all Sums doe fork Rates, Duties and Taxes in manner hereinafter provided with ripe to the levying the other Rates, Duties and Taxes bnooaftt mentioned.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Ofioerd now is or shall hereafter be appointed by the Commissioners of Us Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them for that Purpo/ir, Hull and is hereby respectively authorized and empowered to charge, hi collect, recover and receive the several Rates, Duties and Tax* Carriages and on Coachmakers or Makers of Carriages, and* Sellers of Carriages, and ou Male Servants or other Male Prrfe and Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, and that every Ped chargeable with and liable to pay the said Rates, Duties and Til respectively, or any of them, shall on Demand made at the House i such Person by any such Officer, pay to such Officer the several a respective Rates, Duties and Taxes which such Person shall be I chargeable with and liable to, and which shall be then payable ori Arrear; and in case of Refusal or Default in Payment thereof ih such Demand, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer at aoy til in the Daytime, with the Assistance of a Constable or other PeN Officer, or if no such Constable or other Peace Officer shall appN or attend, then without such Affistance, to make Entry into ad upon the House, Office or other Premises of the Person charged! with the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, and to ktf the same and all Arrears thereof by Distress and Sale of any Gods or Chattels of such Person; and in every such case the Diftrtfifc taken, to keep for the Space of Four Days, at the Costs and Charge of the Party lo making Default of Payment; and if the said Parts shall not within the said Four Days pay the respective Stuns so dir for the said Rates, Duties and Taxes and Arrears, and for the Cob and Charges of such Distress and keeping them, the said Distress ibl be sold for Payment of the said Sums To due as aforesaid, reftffig to the Party the Overplus (if anyl of such Money as such Goods shall be sold for, over and above the Rates, Duties and Tara, and Arrears thereof then due, together with the necessary and reafouable Costs and Charges of taking such Distress, and the keeping and Sale thereof; which Costs and Charges shall in no case exceed One fourth Fart of the Rates, Duties and Taxes, and Arrears so due.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer Audi be refilled Admittance into -any such House, Quthouse or

Edifice,

D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 57.

*97

iifict, arM not on Demand of Entrance by knocking or other-tie (tea Admittance into the same, or if no Person (nail attend 1 ifpar a such House, Outbonfe or Edifice to give Entrance fa arte whom such Officer can make demand of Entrance, then 19 every such case it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, pa Wunat under the Hand and Seal of the Collector of Excise, iwy Inspector of Taxes of the District in which such House, sease or Edifice shall be situate, to break open and enter in the time any such House, Outhouse or Edifice, in the Presence of a table or other Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and reed to be aiding and assisting therein, and to levy the several Rates, tea and Taw, or any^of them, which shall be then due, and the rears thereof, by Distress and Sale in manner before mentioned.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Goods or Chattels adherer belonging to any Person or Persons at any time when any iff fed Rates, Duties or Taxes charged on or assessed upon fuen ion or Persons may become in Arrear, shall be liable to he taken virtue of any Execution or other Procefe, Warrant or Authority, by virtue of any Assignment on any Account or Pretence what-x, uidrii the Party at whose Suit the said Execution or other ocefs fiufi he feed out, or Seizure made, or to whom such Affign-m fluO be made, shall, before the Sale or Removal of such Goods Chattels, pay the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or cause the same be paid to the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes of the ftnd in which such Goods or Chattels shall he seized, or other leer in charge of the Collection of such DistriA; and all Arrears such Rates, Duties and Taxes, not exceeding One Year's Arrears tyood the Duties which shall be payable for the Year in which such eizure shall he made; and the said Party at whose Instance such eizure shall have been made, paying the said Collector or other (Sot ia charge of the Collection as aforesaid, the Arrears due of i aforefed Kates, Duties and Taxes for one whole Year, and for r Year in which such Seizure shall he made, may proceed in such uure as such Party might have done if no Rates, Duties or Taxes d been so due and in Arrear; but in case of Nonpayment of the said ates, Dudes and Taxes, the said Collector, or other Officer in arge of the Collection as aforesaid, is hereby authorized and relived to dHbaifl such Goods and Chattels; notwithstanding such inure or Assignment, and to proceed to the Sale thereof, according the Provisioos of this Act, in order to obtain Payment of a9 rreart of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes then due and payable, gether with the necessary and reasonable Colts and Charges lending the Diftrefe, Keeping and Sale of such Goods and Chattels; d every such Colk&or or other Officer so doing shall be indemnified virtue of tins Ad.

XXXVI. And be it further eroded, That where any Person or erfoni chargeable with the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any i them, lhafi be under the Age of Twenty one Years, or where any 'aim (b chargeable shall die, in every such case the Parent or yarte or Guardians of such Minor having Monies or Property )f such Minor whereout such Rates, Duties or Taxes may be paid, nd the Esecutor or Executors, or Administrator or Administrators f the Peifet or Persons so dying, having received Assets sufficient for beFurpose^ (hallbc and is and are hereby made liable to and charged

with

House, having t Warrant from the Collector of the District.

Distress.

No Goods taken in Execution (ha'l be sold or takeu away until Duty in Arrear paid.

Officer indemnified.

Guardians and Executors liable to Duties havidj Assets in their Hands.

Allowed in Account.

Duties levied for the Year; but Quarterly or Half Yearly In-ftalments may be appointed by the Cnmmissionert in some Dif-trids.

When Commissioners deem it expedient they may require Persons to pay Duties to Collector of District at such Places and by such In-ftalmeutsas shall be speci6ed in the Dublin Gazette.

C. 57.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.;

with the Payments which the said Minor ought to hate tr.zc the Person so dying was chargeable with for or on account t said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them; and if such 1 or Guardian or Guardians, Executor or Executors, Admioiftra Administrators shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it (ha may be lawful to proceed again it him, her or them in like mac: against any other Person or Persons making Default in Payment« said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of diem; and every Pam Guardian making Payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed the in his, her or their Accounts, and every Executor and Admkcii shall be allowed to deduct all such Payments out of the A (fetid Person so dying.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the kid federal R

Duties and Taxes shall be charged for and assessed and levied fen whole Year, commencing the Sixth Day of January in each Y and ending on the Fifth Day of January then next talonur: F vided always, that the said several Rates, Duties and Tints ftaQ -may be payable and receivable by Quarterly or Half Yudf left menu in such District* or Places only as the said Comufivxn Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall for that Pwrf from time to time direct and appoint, subject to such Orders, Ri Regulations and Directions with rtfped thereto, and to the tak levying and collecting of the same, as the said Commiffinaen any Three of them, (nail from time to time thiak fit to make appoint, |

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Conundfioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall deem it expea to authorize and empower all or any Person or Persons to pay to Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, or other Officer in charg the Collection of the District, in such Places as the said Commiffia shall think fit, the Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or I Part thereof, which such Person or Persons shall be chargeable^and liable to pay, it shall and may be lawful for the kid C snissioners so to do, and for that Purpose the said Commissioners £ cause Notice to be given under their Hands, or under the Hand any Three of them, by Publication in the Dubtin Gazette* that k been deemed expedient by them to allow the said Ratee, Duties. Taxes to be paid to and received by such Collector, or other Ofi in charge as aforesaid, in such Places as shall be therein specifiedt a from and after the time that such Notice shall have been given in Dublin Gazette as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for ^nr Per within the Place or Places so specified to pay to the Collector Inland Excise and Taxes, or other Officer in charge of the Collect of the District in which such Person shall reside, the several R*i Duties and Taxes with which such Person shall be diarteable, or a Instalment thereof, in the Year in which such Notice 2hall berm and the Receipt of such Collector or other Officer shall be a fcfick Discharge to such Person for the Rates, Duties or Taxes which or (he shall have so paid, and upon Proof made to the Collector the Taxes of such Payment, by Production of the Receipt, figt by the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, or other Officer charge as aforesaid, to whom such Payment shall have been made, other fuffiejent Proof thereof, such Taxes which shall have been said shall not be levied by the Collector of the Taxes.

A.D. ISIS. 58° GEO. III. C. 67*

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chargeable with and liable to pay any of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them respectively, shall not pay the Came to the Officer empowered to collect the same, within One Calendar Month after Notice, in the Name of such Officer, shall have been given to such Person, or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person, requiring him or her to pay such Rates, Duties or Taxes, every such Person shall for every Neglect or Default forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Rates, Duties or Taxes which shall be then due and owing by such Person.

XL. And be it further enacted, That any Notice which shall be given or served by any Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, under the Provisions of this Act, shall not be impeached or m/fe&ed* by Reason of any Mistake or Variance in the Christian Name or Surname, or either of them, of any Person liable or chargeable with the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or in the Amount of the Rate, Duty or Tax, but that every such Notice shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, notwhhstanding any such Mistake or Variance, provided that the Person intended to be described shall really be liable to the said Rate, Duty and Tax, or the Rate, . Doty or Tax intended to be described shall be chargeable on such Person.

XLI. And be R further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Encife and Taxes in Inland, or any Three of them, from time to time, as often as they shall think expedient, to call before them any and every Collector and Collectors of the (arid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, and to examine him or them upon Oath, or if a Quaker, on solemn Affirmation; and to ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money that shall have been collected and paid to such Collector or Collectors for the said Rates, Duties and Taxes; and also to ascertain the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and the Cause or Causes thereof; and also upon Oath or Affirmation to examine the said Collector or Collectors touching the due Payment over of any Sum or Sums previously coHe&ed by hin or them, and with respect to the Sum or Sums remaining in the Hand or Hands of such Collector or Collectors, and to make such Order in the Premifea as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall judge necefEury to prevent any Failure in the Payment of any Part of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes.

XL 11. And be it further enacted, That in every case when any Officer or Person appointed to collect the Rates, Duties and Taxes aforesaid, shall act within Ten Days after Demand in Writing signed by any Commissioner of Inland Excise and Taxes served on such Officer or other Person or left at Ins usual Place of Abode, whether he be then in Commission as a Tax Officer or not, return a full and distinct Account of his Collection of the said several Rates, Duties and Taxes, fpedfving such as he may have omitted to calied, (if any such there be, ) then and in such case the Number of Fire Hearths, Fire Places and Stoves, Windows and Lights, Carriages, Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Marts, Geld* mgs or Dogs, an the Walk, or Parish or Parishes (as the case may be) wham such Officer shall have been appointed to coH*&, shall for fetch Yeaff far which he shall fa fell to deliver such Account

be

999

Not paying Duties within One Month after Notice.

Penalty.

Mistake in Name not to in validate Notice.

Commissioners may examine Collectors on Oath or Affirmation as to the State of their Accounts.

Officer neglecting for Tea Days to return an Account of his Collection, shall be charged with Amount of Duty in the next or other preceding Year.

C.57.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.

Sureties infwer-able.

Officer making falle Entries.

Penalty.

Vnfpe&or, &e. may require Production of left Receipt liven for Duty.

Not producing it after Notice.

be deemed equal to the Number of Fire Hearths, Fire Place Stoves, and Windows and Lights, Carriages, Servants, I Mares, Geldings or Dogs charged in such Walk, or Pai Parishes, for the Year next preceding, or any other of the lift Years, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, and such Officer or other Person shall be charged with such St the Rates, Duties and Taxes, payable in the Year for which Account shall not have 'been returned would have amounted in respect of the Number of Fire Hearths, Fire Places, or Si Windows or Lights, Carriages, Servants, Horses, Mares, Gd or Dogs respectively appearing to have been charged in fudt V Parish or Parishes, in such next or other preceding Year, and Officer or other Person shall be liable to and shall pay the same, His Sureties shall be answerable therefore, to the Extent of the contained in the Bond or other Security, which such Sureties have entered or shall enter into.

XLIII. And be it further eaacted, That if any Officer or Per appointed to affess, charge, levy or collect the said Rates, Do and Taxes, or any of them, shall with Intent to defraud Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, make any false or untrue £r in any Abstract, Ledger or other Book containing the Sum Collection of his Walk, Division or District, or shall with Intent omit to make an Entry or Entries in any such Abft Ledger or Book respectively, or shall give or grant any fall untrue Receipt for the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or an them, or shall make any false or untrue Entry in any Duplicate Triplicate of any such Receipt given or granted by him, or if such Officer or other Person shall knowingly permit or suffer same to be done in any of the respective cases aforesaid, every I Officer or Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, I for each and every such Offence forfeit to His Majesty, his Hrin Successors, the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and on) lawful for any Iufpedor or Supervisor or Collector of thr said Rl Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to require any Person charge with the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to prod to such Inspector, Supervisor or Collector, the last Receipt pa or given to such Person by any Collector of such Rates, Dtr and Taxes, or any of them, for and on account of the said Ri Duties and Taxes, or such of them as such Person was charge with and liable to pay; and if on Demand made by such Inspec Supervisor or Collector, at the ufoal Place of Abodie of such Ptd fuen Receipt shall not be produced and delivered to such Insped Supervisor or Collector, to be retained by him for such time ai i3 be sufficient to enable such Officer to take a Copy of thr /it then it shall and may be lawful for such Inspector, Supervisor Collector, and they are hereby respectively required to leave a Not at the usual Place of Abode of such Person, letting forth that ft Inspector, Supervisor or Collector will attend at such usual Pi of Abode of such Person, at a certain Day and Hour to be fpro in such Notice, and requiring him or her to produce or cauf; be produced such Receipt to such Inspector, Supervisor or Collet at the Day and Hour mentioned in such Notice; and if fi Person shall not produce such Receipt to such Inspector, Suf

vi

A.D. 1S10.

56# GEO. III.

C. 57.

901

visor or Collector, on his attending for that Purpose at the time specified in such Notice, then such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds, unless he or she shall at Penalty, such time make Oath before such Inspector, Supervisor or Collector, which Oath such Officers are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer without Fee or Reward, that he or she used due Diligence to find or procure the said Receipt, and that he or she hath not been able to find or procure the same.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful G*me Certifi-for any Inspector of Taxes, or any other Officer or Officers, who Ci, le to* Pr<>-now is or hereafter shall be appointed by or under the Commissiotiers of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland to collect or superintend thexm Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to demand and require from any Person who shall use or keep any Dog,

Gun, Net or other Engine for the taking or Destruction of Game, to produce and shew to such Officer the proper Certificate to such Person for Liberty to kill Game, and every such Person shall, upon such Demand and Requisition as aforesaid, produce such Certificate to the Officer so demanding and requiring the same, and shall permit the same to be inspected accordingly; and if any such Person shall wilfully neglect -or refuse to produce and shew a Certificate in force, issued to him for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall decline to produce or shew the same, every Person so offending- shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall Person* fwear-take or make any Affidavit or any Oath, or make any Affirmation in* fclfely. by this Act required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, every such Person being duly con-vided thereof shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation, such Person being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning, shall for every such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Disabilities, as Persons convicted of Subornation of Peijury are respectively liable Perjury, unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Fine or Penalties how Penalty shall be incurred for any Offence under the Provisions of recovered, this Act, or any other Act or Acts, which shall or may from time to time be in force in Ireland, in any wise relating to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, the same may be sued for and recovered by any Person who will file for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the Courts of Record in Dublin, in which no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, or by Civil Bill in the Court of the Recorder, Chairman or Affifbmt Barrister, within whose local Jurisdiction such Offence shall have been committed; and it shall be lawful for the Court in Nonpayment of which any such Fine or Penalty shall be awarded to order the Pe"altiel» lmm Offender to be committed to Gaol in case of Nonpayment thereof, P, llonin*nt* there to remain until such Fine or Penalty be fully paid and iatisfied.

XLVIII. And

C. 57.

56° GEO. lit

penalties not exceeding 4C4. may be recover-ed before a Justice.

Oath of One Witness.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

Costs.

Notice of Appeal.

Examination of Witneflei on Oath.

Costs of Appeal.

A.]

XLVIIL And be it further enacted, That it shall an< lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, within who diction any Offence, for which the Penalty shall not excee Pounds, (nail be committed against this Act, or any other Acts in force, or which shall at any time be in force in Ireltm ing in any wise to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, and every such J| hereby authorized, empowered and required, upon Informi Complaint in Writing made in that behalf within Six Mood the Offence committed, in such case to summon the Party acd such Offence, and also the Witnesses, if any, on either Sid to examine into the Fast, and upon Proof thereof made to hi! fa ft ion, either by the ConfefBon of the Party or Person aced such Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witi which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to adminiikr, to Judgment for such Penalty, and thereupon to issue his Wi under his Hand and Seal, for levying such Penalty on the G< and Chattels of such Offender, and to cause Sale to be msfe tiw in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rende to the Party the Overplus (If any); and where Goods or Cto sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, such Jafti< the Peace, or any other Justice of the Peace of the same Count] County of a City or Town in which such Conviction shall t hereby authorized and empowered to commit such Offende Offenders to Prison until such Penalty shall be paid; and if any son, whether Prosecutor or Party convicted, shall find himfe herself aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice of the Pi then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Person (if the son so appealing shall be the Person convicted), upon giving! cient Security by Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties be such Justice, to pay the Amount of the Penalty imposed by i Conviction as aforesaid, together with Costs not exceeding Ft Shillings, as such Justice shall appoint, to appeal to the Jufbc Justices at the next General Quarter Sessions of the County, Cod of a Town or City, as the case may be, which shaft be held al fourteen dear Days from the Day on which such Conviction have been made, in the District in which such Offence shall ha* bj committed, if such County shall be divided into Districts, or if mtl divided, then at the General Sessions'of the County, or County <>4 Town or City, which shall happen next after Fourteen dear Di after such Conviction shall have been made, of which Appeal lfod m Writing shall be given to the adverse Party, Ten clear Da previous to the first Day of such Quarter Sessions respectim and such Justices at such Sessions shall summon and examine Wi neffes upon Oath, and finally hear and determine such Appeal, n in case the Judgment of such Justice shall be affirmed, it Bull w may be lawful for such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, to awtni thi Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs to the JWfcuto occalioned by such Appeal, as to him or them shall seem meet, nd exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty Shillings; and such Jahj or Justices of the said Court of Quarter Sessions (nail and may there upon proceed in the same manner in all respects, as the Justice makir] such Conviction might or could have done if such Appeal had i-o taken place.

XLIX. M

D.l % \€.

56° GEO. III.

C. 57.

509

XLIX. Aid be it farther enacted, That no Conviction made or teged to be aade by any Justice, or before any Justices of the Peace, Pi OaBter Sessions, nor any Sentence or Order given or made» tW to have been given or made by any such Justice or Juf-or by virtue of this Act9 shall be removed by Writ of wri out of the County, City, Town or Place wherein such son or .Proceeding (nail have been had or made, and that no of Certiorari shall superfedc Execution or other Proceedings «ay Conviction, Order or Sentence made or given in pursuance Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had tode thereupon; any such Writ of Certiorari or Allowance Hot uoXvrithstanding.

L And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary in Proceeding for the Recovery of any Penalty under this Act, or fcr any Act or Acts in force from time to time, for the Payment fib £ud Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, er for regulat*

Ef such Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, or the Col-thereof, whether the same shall be by Aflion of Debt, Bill, Mh or Information, or by Civil Dili, or by any Proceeding before Vigifhate or Magistrates, or on any Writ of Error or Appeal Pa any Derifioo, that the Original or any other Process or $um« tat, or any Notice or Order whatsoever mould be personally served Utfo Defendant or Defendants, or any of them; but it shall in all id cases be Sufficient, that the same or a Copy thereof be served or gfob as the case may be, at his, her or their then place or Places of

U. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons U be (ummoued as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence in mj case under tins A & before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, m before any Justice or Justices at the Sessions, and shall neglect or

Slfe to appear, the Expence of such Witness or Witnesses, if he, ar they ffiaO he required to go tp a greater Distance than Five es from Home* being first paid or tendered without a reasonable Eicofe to be allowed by such Juftiqe or Justices of the Peace, or Mice or Justices respectively, or upon appearing shall refgfe to be ounined upon Oath, or to give Evidence before such Justice or fofices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, uni shall not make reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, to be al-owed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices X Sessions respectively, then such Person or Persons shall for every hd Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LLL And be it further enacted, That on any Trial or other Pro-coding for Recovery of any Penalty under this Act or under any Act mating to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, any Informer or other Petfoo who in the Event of a Conviction would be entitled to tk Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share or Pro-

Ch thereof, or to any Fee, Profit, Reward or Emolument what-, (hill nevertheless be received, and admitted as a* Witness on bd Tral or other Proceeding, and such Testimony shall, if be-W4, be fnfficient thereon, to all Intents and Purposes, so far as the b»T«femony could be if given by any indifferent Person.

1AIL And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace befwt wfon any Offender shall be convicted of any of the Offences tforrfc} or of any Offence against any Ad in anywise relating to

the

Convictions not removed by Certiorari.

Personsl Service of Process not necessary.

Witnesses neglecting their Duty.

Refuting to be examined.

Penalty.

Informers admitted Witnesses.

Convictions to be made in the following

304

C. 57.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1

Farm.

Conviction to be written and returned by Just ice.

Penalty. Warrant of Distress to be in the following

Form.

the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, I and Taxes, or of any of them, shall cause the said Convi£kion made out in manner and Form following, or in any other Foj Words to the like Effest, mutatii mutandis; which ConviAftOfl be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes without fi forth the Evidence or Rating the case in any more particular mflj (that is to say),

JiE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord A. 0. of in the County of

County of the City or Town of fas the L

belt was convicted before me /. P. One of His Majesty's.of the Peace for the said County of County of the City of, IsV.] for that the said A. 0. on the 1 Day of in the Year

in the said County of did [A

fate the Offence] contrary to the Statute in that case made and m vided; and I do therefore adjudge the said A* 0. to hate Mot the Sum of British Currency, making the Si

of Irish Currency. Given under xny Hand I

Seal the Day of .* ]

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be written ft upon Parchment, and returned within Ten Days from the Dm such Conviction to the Clerk of the Peace for the County J County of a City, or County of a Town (as the case may beju Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by him, aaf remain and to be kept among the Records of the same Count! Place; and if any such Justice shall neglect or omit so to do£ shall for every such Offence forfeit Ten Pounds. i

LIV. And be it further enacted, That any Warrant so issued by any such Justice of the Peace for levying any Sum i any such Conviction, from the Goods of any such Offender, f in the Form following, or in some other Form of Words to I the like Effe£l; which Form shall be good and valid to all Inti and Purposes; (that is to say).

County of \, To M^ and each of and their I

to wit.')*each of their Assistants.

WHEREAS on the in the Year

Day of

was duly convicted, for that he [or (he the Day of in the Year

at in the said County of

or County of the City or Town of [as thit

may be-] did [here state the Offence], and thereupon the said A\ hath become liable to a fine or Penalty of British Currency, (amounting to Irfb Oi

rency); I do therefore by these Presents authorize you, ande of you, to take into your Possession the Goods and Chattels of said A. 0., or a Sufficiency thereof, for levying the Sum lafi i tioned thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods and Ck tels in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods and Chatti shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum, within S

Dm jl

AJ>: 1816.

56° GEO.1IL

C-SW

BOfi

c D«yf from the Day of taking the same, you are, - by Pilblic Sale

thereof, to levy the hid Sum, rendering to the' said A. ft. the 4 Overplus (if any); and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to

me without Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Grveu

4 under my Hand and Seal this Day of......

One thousand eight hundred and.9

And if Goods sufficient cannot be' found to answer such Penalty, ^Warrant shall be thereupon issued for committing such Offender or. Offenders, in the same Form as the said Warrant lad mentioned, to the Words, 11 do therefore by these Presents ; 9 which Words, and all from thence to the Words 4* disposed of according to Law9 in- dufive, shall he omitted, and the Form following, or some other. Form of Words to that or the like Effect shall be inserted in their Place; (to wit), — 4 And whereas on the Day of

r a Warrant was issued to levy the last mentioned

4 Sum from the Goods and Chattels of the said Offender, and such 4 Goods and Chattels could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum; I do therefore hereby authorize and command you and 4 each of you to take the Body of the said A* ft. wheresoever yotf 4 shall find him in the said County, and bring him before me the 4 find L P; or any other Magistrate for the said County: 9

And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prifen Hull follow the Form of such Warrant, save only that the Di-redion thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from ap4 after the Words, I do therefore hereby authorize and command 4 you, 9 there shall follow these Words, to receive into- your.Custody the Body of the said A. ft., and him [er her] safely to keep 4 until the said Sum shall be paid. Given under my Hand and Seal 4 this Day of One thouCuid eight hundred

and: 9

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the Hke Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Conviction as aforesaid Audi be affirmed at the Sessions, the Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals, for carrying the same into Execution, shall be granted by the Justice or Justices so affirming the same, of any of them, and shall be in the Forms here following respectively, or same other Form of Words of the same Import respectively;

County of to wit.

}

4 To M. and N* and each of them, their and each of 4 their Assistants.

4 TflfHEREAS on the Day of

4 in the Year One thousand eight hundred and 4 if. 0. was duly convicted before a Justice of the Peace for the said County, for that he [or (he] on the Day of

1 at in the said County, did [here Jlatc the

Offence], and thereupon the said A. 0. became liable to a Fine or

Penaky of British Currency, making a Sum of

Irtfb Currency: And whereas the said A. 0.

appealed from the said Conviction to the Sessions which hath affirmed

the same with Costs, making together with the said

t 56Gep.HI..........X 4 fopner

If not fuffideot Goods, Warrant for Committal.

Form of Committal.

Good in Law.

Warrant of Committal to be in the following

Form.

Sff1 GEO. III.

A.D. 1

If not sufficient Goods. Warrant of Committal.

Form of Committal.

farmer Adjudication the Bom of j these are the

to authorize and command yon and each of you to take into 4 Possession the Goods and Chatteb of the said A* O. or a 4 deucy thereof, far levying the said last mentioned Sum the 4 wherever yon shall find the said Goods or Chatteb in the C 4 aforesaid; and if the said Goods and Chattels shall not be red 4 by the Payment of the said Sum within Four Days from the 4 of taking the same, you are by public Sale thereof to lei 4 said Sum, rendering to the said A. 0 the Overplus (if any); 4 the said Sum so levied you shall bring to us, [or to One of a

to me, as the case may £t] without Delay, to be disposefd

4 cording to Law. Given Under our Hands and Seals unde 4 Hand and Seal] this Day of '

And if Goods and Chattels sufficient cannot be found to ax such Sum, a Warrant shall be thereupon issued for committing Offender in the same Form as the said Warrant last mestioied, to Words 4 these are therefore to authorize and command yos^ wl Words, and all from thence to the Words 4 difpofad of 4 Law' indufive, shall be omitted, and this Form following, or other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be'their Place; to wit, — , And Whereas on the«of a Warrant was issued to levy the

mentioned Sum from the Goods and Chattels of the said J t and such Goods and Chattels could not be found sufficient ti t fwer the said Sum, we [or I] do therefore hereby authorize < command you and each of you to take the Body of the said t wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring1«fore us [or me]

And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offa Prison shall follow the Form of such Warrant, lave only 4 Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that! and after the Words We Ter I] do therefore hereby authorise command you, ' there shall follow these Words, to take into 4 Guftody the Body of the said A. 0. and him or her fafaly to from due Date hereof until the said Sum shall be paid. Given \ 4 our Hands and Seals, [or my Hand and Seal, ] this < of

breed in Law.

Copy of Convictions fur ni died to Collector, and by him transmitted to Commissioners.

And each and every the said Forms, or any Form of Words t like Effect respectively, shall be good and vmid in the Law to «! tents and Purposes.

LVI. And be h further enacted, That every Ckrk of the 1 in Ireland shall within One Calendar Month after any such Conti shall have been returned to his Office, fursriffi to the Coded Ezcife, or other Officer in charge of the District in and for County m which such Conviction shall have bees made, a Cop such Conviction signed by himself, for which he shall receive: such Gyttedor or other Officer in charge as aforesaid, the Sum of Shilling and no more; and every such CoUedor or other Offic charge shall forthwith transmit such Copy so signed to the said \ missioners of Inland Ezcife and Taxes; and if any such Clerk o Peace or Collector or other Officer in charge as aforesaid, (ha gbd or omit so to do respectively, every Person so ofieading (ha every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds*.

Penalty.

LVII.

*6* GEO. III.

C, 5*.

JJVJL Aadbcit farther enacted, That such Put; Shore and Pro* M be payable to His Majesty, his Heps and Successors root of any Penalty or Pipe payable or recoverable undo: der aor Act or Acts which shall in any ways relate.Regwtaon or Collodion of the said Rates, Du* taxes, or any of them, shall, uolefs pfhprwife particularly 'thm One Calendar Moofh after the same ftalj be levied he paid by the Justice of the Peace by jvnom the lame.wmt been Jo levied or receivjed, to the CoUr dor of Inland Excite isips, or other Chief Officer in Chirac of the District in which Ofience was committed; and if any Inch Justice of the Peace lh?U ds^or out so to pay over the lame, he shall for every such jOfflcnce Jot the Sob of Twenty Pounds*

JLVIIE And be it further enacted, That if any Juilioe of the m, Mydiate or Peace Officer in Irelandf shall neglect or refuse ay IstBMT to carry into Execution this Act, or any Ad pr & aback it or flail be in force in Ireland, \ relating in any wise to t fcynscnt. Regulation or Collection of the said Rates duties and no, or any of them, or any of the ProviHous of any such Ad or A, upon proper Application made to him, such Justice of the Magrazate or Peace Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Forty

for every such Neglect or Refulal. lIX. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful r the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any fee of them, to abate, reduce or mitigate any Fine or Penalty feb shall at any time be imposed under the Authority of this Act, r Odder any Act or Acts which shall from time to time be in force*Inland, rebtmg in anywise to the Payment, Regulation or Col* £&on of the said Rates Duties and Taxes, or any of them$ pr9- fed that every frch Abatement, ReAudiou and Mitigation, shall ttadersnd fitted to all such Rules and Regulation as by any Ad t A(b now or hereafter to be in force in Ireland\ any Fine or Pe-db incurred for any Offence against any Act or Acts relating to teKevEBue of Excite, shall or may be abated, reduced or mitigated. lX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines or felties which shall be incurred under this Act, or under any Ad or Mi which is are or shall be in force in Ireland, in any wise relating > 61 Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties1 Taxes or any of them, shall be paid and payable and received ditoeiv^ble in Br&ish Currency, and that every such Fine or Pe* dtynot particularly directed to be otherwise applied, shall be paid idd&rftmted, One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, his bland Soccessors, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person

Efar the same.

[I. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates Duties Taxes by this Act, and the several Schedules hereto annexed, ltd and npde payable, shall be under the Management of the of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and that all

ftery the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, any be sued for, and recovered, levied and applied in such to and Form and by such Ways and Means, and with such and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in by an AfLpf Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and tenth Yean of the Reign of late His Majesty'King Charier the X 2 Second,

907

HU Majesty'* Share of Penalties to be paid over to the CoU le&or of Dif-trid.

Justice not pap-inf (erne.

Penalty.

Justice* neglecting their Duty.

Penalty.

Com mi fTi otters .. may mitigate Penalties.

Penalties paid in British Currency.

Application of Penalties.

Duties, how levied.

24 »IJ Car.

(D

56° GEO. III.

A.D.

46O.3. c.xo5.

Cotnmencemeat of Act.

AA mafW altered, fcc.

C.57.

Second, intituled An Act for settling the Exctfe or new Itmpof Hit Majtfly, bit Htirt and Successort, according to the Hook of, therein tnferted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth of His present Majesty* Reign, intituled An Act to provide f better Execution of the fevered Act relating to the Revenues, m and ibingt, under the Management of the Commissionere of Cm and Port Dutiet, and of tie CommifRonert of Inland Mncije Taxet in Ireland; or in and by any otner Act or Acts in fovc Ireland, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, ms fnffr effectually, to all Intents, Conilru&ion* and Purposes, as I fiune were particularly mentioned and expressed and reenacteda Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Pr who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or ixmurd, : and by the said Acts, or any Ad or Act now or hereafter to t force in Ireland, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Exdf< provided.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and all 1 Clauses and Provisions herein contained, shall be deemed mad tal to have commenced and take Effect from and after the Fifth Daj January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

LXlII. And be it further enacted, That this Act maj amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made is present Sessions of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FIRE HEARTHS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable nually for and out of every Dwelling House, in the wfcol which, with every Outhouse, Office and Edifice mppertsk thereto, there shall be Two or more Fire Hearths or Stow| other Places for Firing, at any time between the Fifth Da January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January folk* the several and respedi ve yearly Rates, D uties and Taxes foDosi that is to lay,

DUTY.

Yearly Rate

on the House, for the whole Number of lUtes fcn Hw

Hearths.

jf* t» 4/ £* /

In respect of 4 - w O 12 O 0 s

5 0 17 6 0 Si

6 - i 4 0 0 4.

7 - 1x16 0 4,

8 - 2 0 0 0 J

9 - 296 0

10 - 3 0 0 0 6 |

ix - $ 11 6 0 6 1

p 1

4JX181& OEO. Ill,

Schedule ( A.) — tontitnud.

G.7.

DUTY.

Yaarly Halt on th« House for the whole Number of Hearths. Ratal for aach Hearth.

£*s£ / d.

440 070

4 17 6 07 6

C 13 O 0 8 0

676 086

7 4 ° 090

8 1 6 096

900 0 10 0

9 19 6 0 10 6

11 0 0 0 IX 0

12 1 6 0 11 6

13 4 0 0 IX 0

14 7 6 0 is 6

15 1*, 0 0 ij 0

16 17 6 0 13 6

18 4 0 0 14 0

19 11 6 0 14 6

31 0 0 0 25 0

- -*0 15 0

hitfptdof la34

3

17 1$

*9 201 22

*3

*4

2*6 3

And for and out of every Dwelling House in the whole of winch, with every Outhouse, Office and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be more than 28 Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places for Firing, in respect of each and every Fire Hearth or Stove, or other Place for Firing, in such Dwelling House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be paid the yearly Sum of

RULES for charging the find Rates, Duties and Taxes*

Every Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging to any Dwelling House shall be deemed and taken to be Part of such, Dwelling House; and all Hearths, Stoves or Places for Firing in such Outhouse, Office or Edifice shall be reckoned and included in the Number of Hearths in respect of which such Dwelling House shall be charged with the Rate, Duty or Tax.

And in all cases where there shall be an internal Communication between any Two or more Houses adjoining each other so as that*the same Audi be occupied by One Person, and his or her Family, Inmates or Lodgers, the Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of Fire* Hearths and Stoves or other Fire Places, shall be rated as if such Houses^ with the Outhouses, Offices and Edifices belonging or ap-

X$. pertaining

C.5t

56* GEO; HR

Ai0.lt

Schedule (A.) — continued, J

pertaining to each of them were One House with such Outho Offices or Edifices belonging thereto.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, or any House within the Qj thereof, or any House or Tenement provided for the Refidcng the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors <a land for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord! tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland if time being, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office; an College of the Hbly and Undivided Trinity of Queen F.finl w hear Dublin, shall be eiempted from the said Duty bn FireHeaq.Any Dwelling HoUfe which after the Twenty feveoth Dut Miy One thousand eight hundred and eight, and before the pafl of this Act, (hill have been built on and held together with 4 Firm hi Ireland, containing not less than Ten Acit* IrithFbsttQ MeafOrt; and in the whole of which Dwelling House, with e^

Outhdiife Or Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall not haw b bat shall be more than Four Fire Hearths or Stove!, or other Fb foe Firings shall be exempted from any Duty if respect ther from the time When such Dwelling House shall hive been first copied until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Sj Years from the time of such first Occupation; provided that I D^rellBg House shall hive been and shall be occupied togetheri xueh Farid; and in case such House shall not be fb occupied di With, the same Dwelling House* with every Ontbonfe, Offiflf Edifice appertaining thereto, and the Occtfpier thereof. Ml chargeable with the Rates, Duties ind Taxes in nefped of I Hearths or Stoves, or other Firing Places therein dnd from the Sixth Day of January in the Year in Which such Dft ing House shall cease to be occupied with Such Farm, and ft thenceforward shall not be entitled to ant such Exemption.

Where any newly built Hduse, or Aadition to an House, Anil used or inhabited m Part only, the Remainder thereof being os for Use or Habitation, the Fire Hearths therein to be charged or for and in respect of the Parts thereof that shall be used or inhabit*

Any Oven or any fixed Boiler in any Dwelling Hbtrfe, Ontboo Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, shall, be exempted from t said Duty on Fire Hearths.

Any Hbufe fltuate Within the Dftrid of the Metropolis of Da lin> or within any City or Town, mid containing Six Hearths, upwards, in which no Shop shall, be kept for the Sale of any Gw or in which np Spirituous or other Liquors shall be sold, and shall be wholly let for Lodgings* and occupied by Lodgro, oc Lodging set to or occupied by one Person ojr Family, and fu< Lodging not consisting of more than Qne Room, shall not 1 charged with any higher Rate than two Shillings for each Hear or Fire Place therein.

Any House situate within the District of the Metropolis of DubL or within any City or Town, and containing Eight Hearths or u wards, the greater Part of the Rooms in which shall T>e set to or a cupied by Lodgers, each Lodger not fnbjed to a Rent exceedi] Five Pounds Yearly for such Lodging, and not being provided I

kD.itll

96° GEO. JIL

911

Ci 57«

SdmdxAr (A.) --'cxMti*md.

ttakiam such Lodging with Diet or other Accommoda-fuel House (haul be partly inhabited by the Owner, lm £ charged with any higher Duty than Two Shilfiogis for I Hsrth or rure Place.

/ Hdgstal House provided for the Reception' and Relief of Charity School, Gaol, Prison or SeffioO House, HaU, t or other Pubic Building whatever, in Ireland, shall not be is rrfped of Healths therein, otherwise than in manner mendooed; that is to say, all the Dwelling-Rooms and; is any such Public Buildings, being occupied by any litter, Miftrefii or Superintendant, of or belonging to or ed h» the same, or by any Servant of such Officer, Mailer, i or Superintendant, shall be deemed Dwelling Houses, and I he fable to the Tax on Hearths accordingly % and the Persons ftndf by whom or by whose Servants such Rooms or Apart* i at or flail be inhabited, shall be chargeable with and liable [tathefudTax as Occupiers of Houses are by Law charge-lv&aiU>ie to pay the same.

SCHEDULE (B«)

WINDOWS.

ICHEDULE of the Rates, Dudes and Taxes payable annually tad out of every Dwelling House, with the Outhouses, Of-_ i and Edifices appertaining or belonging thereto, having more [ikaSu Windows or Lights, in respect of the Windows or Lights r» cterv bdh Dwelling House and Appurtenance as afornaid iriptaxidy.

stripeddj Windows or Lights

9

10

11

1234

: s

*8

*9

10

31

31

*4

IS

i8

39

X 4

£. / d.

I 0 O

i3 O

2 a* O

2 16 O

3 12 6

496

5 6 6

6 3 6

7 0 0

77 0

8 M- 0

9 10 6

lo 7 6

it 4 6

12 1 0

12 18 0

13 15 0

>4 11 6

IS 8 6

16 5 6

l7 2 0

ij 19 0

18 16 0

*9 14 6

c; «fc JjPGEO.HE Aj).

Schedule (B.) — amtinoeJ.

d£- i.l

In respect of. ji 20 9

3* 21 6 \

33 - 3

34 -3 «'

353 t6 ;

30 - -*4 »3

37*25 10

38 26 7

39 27 4

4° 4+ ... 28 17'l

45 to 49 3* '3

50 to 54.. - H°

55* 59 ST 6 \

60 to 64 S9»5 5

65 to.69 4» 0 1

70 to 74 44 5«I

75 to 79 46 10 c 1

So to 84. - . 48 15«>

85 to 89 51 0 1 S

90 to 94 53 4*\

95 to 99 - 559I

loo to 109 - - 58 17 0

1 iq to 119 63 6 6

120 to 129 .. 67 16 6

- 130 to 139 - - 7a 6 0

140 to 149 - ... 76 16 0

150 to 159 — - -*81 5 4

160 to 169 - 85 15 &

; 176 to 179' - 90 5 0

: 180 or upwards '- And for every such Dwelling which shall con* 'tarn more than 180 Windows or Lights, for .* every Window or Light exceeding the Number 93*6

of 180 - - - - 0 3 0

^RULES Por charging the said Rates, Dudes and Taxes.

All Windows or Lights in such Dwelling House, with the A| purtenances as aforesaid, and Sky Lights or Windows or Lights! any Stair Case, Garret, Cellar and Passage in any Dwelling Hoof Or in any other Part or Place of of belonging to any Dwcffia| House, to what Use or Purpose soever applied, shall be reckons and included in the Number of Windows or Lights, in rtfpe& c which such Dwelling House Audi be^ charged with Rate, Duty c Tax.

And every Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belongii to' any Dwelling House, shall be deemed and taken to be Part such Dwelling House; and all Windows or _ Lights in such Ou house. Office or Edifice, shall be fttdtoned and ^included in tl i... x3 Ntsmb

A3M8U.

56° GEO. III.

C.57.

315

Schedule (B.) — eontmutd.'

Number of Windows respectively, in respect of which such Dwelling House UkaH be charged with the Rate, Duty or Tax. '

In all cases where there shall be an internal Communication between any Two or more Houses adjoining each other, so as that the ijuae shall be occupied by One Person, and his or her Family, Inmates, or Lodgers, the Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of Windows or Lights shall be rated as if such Houses, with the Appurtenances as aforesaid to each, were One House.

When a Partition or Division in any Window or Light, or be-. tween Two or more Windows or Lights fixed in any One Frame, shall be of the Breadth or Space of Twelve Inches or more, the Window or Light on each Side of such Partition or Division Audi be deemed as a diftinlt Window or Light, and shall be rated accordingly: Provided always, that every Window in a Frame, which is, or shall be extended into a mater Number of Rooms, Apartments, Landings or Lobbies than One, shall be reckoned and charged for. so many separate Windows as there are Rooms, Apartments, Landings or Lobbies into which the same shall be extended.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

- His Majesty's Cattle of Dublin and any House within the Circuit thereof, and any House or Tenement for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office, and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, shall be wholly exempt from the said Duties.

Any Warehouse being a distinct and (eparate Building, and not a Part or Parcel of the Dwelling House, nor Shop, nor occupied in Part nor in the whole as a Dwelling House, but employed solely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or for carrying on tome Manufacture or Trade, although the same may adjoin to or have internal Communication with the Dwelling House, (nail be. wholly exempted from the said Duties.

Any Dwelling House which after the Twenty seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight, and before the passing of this Act, shall have been built on and held together with any Farm in Ireland, containing not less than Ten Acres Irish Plantation Measure, and in the whole of which Dwelling House, with every Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall not have been nor shall be more than Four Fire Hearths or Stoves or other Places for Firing, shall be exempted from any Duty in respect of Windows or Lights from the time when such Dwelling House shall have been first occupied, until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Seven Years from the time of such first Occupation: Provided, that such Dwelling House shall have been and mall be occupied together with such Farm; and in case such House shall not be so occupied therewith, the said Dwelling House, with any Outhouse, Office or Edifice, appertaining thereto, and the Occupier thereof, shall be chargeable with Rates, Duties and Taxes, in respect of Windows or Lights therein respectively, on and from the Sixth Dmy of January in the Year in which such Dwelling House shall

ceaie

314

C.57.

56° GEO- IIL

Schedule (B.) — continued.

cetfe to be occupied with such Farm, and from thence forwarl not be entitled to any such Exemption- -

Where any House or Addition to an House newly built used or inhabited in part only, the Remainder thereof bee for Use or Habitation, the Windows or Lights therein to be < only for and in respect of the Parts thereof that shall bo used habited.

If in any House containing Eight Windows or more, any J or Rooms shall be occupied by any Lodger or Lodgers, not { respectively a Rent exceeding Five Pounds Yearly for such I and not being provided by the Person fettingor letting such J with Diet of other Accommodation, so much of the Tax on ] House in respect of all the Windows or Lights therein, ms respect of the Windows or Lights in the Part of such Ho occupied, exceed One Shilling for each Window or Lsgjbt, fhaS deducted from the whole Charge of such House.

Any Hospital, House provided for the Reception and Mirf Poor Persons. Charity School, Gaol, Prison, Session House, H Office or Public Building whatsoever in Ireland, shall not be chq in respect of Windows therein, otherwise than in manner berth* mentioned j that is to say, all the Dwelling Rooms or Apert*} in any such Public Budding being occupied by any Officer, Ml Mftrefs or Superintendent of or belonging to or employed it same, or by any Servant of such Officer or Person as aforesaid; if all such Rooms or Apartments shall not contain more than Windows or Lights, shall be charged with the Tax in rtfpeS Windows at the Rate of One Shilling for each Window or I| therein; and if all such Rooms or Apartments shall contain 4 than Six Windows or Lights, then they shall be charged with said Tax as if they were an entire House, and the Office* Person8 respectively by whom or by whose Servants such Rood Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with I liable to pay the said Taxes as Occupiers of Houles are by 1 chargeable with and liable to pay the same.

Where any Window in any Dwelling House shall be occm with or used for a Loom which shall be standing at such Whl and really used in Weaving, no Duty shall be charged in respect such Window. j

Any Dwelling House wholly occupied during the whole of j Year from the Fifth Day of January in such Year to the Fifth I of January in the Year following, as a Boarding School for] Education of Children, and kept by a Person been fed to bd School by the Ordinary of the jDiocefe, or the Justicet at Sett Audi not be charged with any higher Rate of Tax than Ose m ling for each Window or Light therein $ provided that if the T Audi have been paid according to the said Rate of One Shilling each Window, and that such House shall cease to be so occupied! kept as aforesaid, within the Year for which such Tax shall h been paid. Credit shall be given for the Sum so paid out of Charge to which such House shall become liable in consequence having so ceaiod to be occupied and kept as above mentioned.

SCH

2). rill

66* GEO. III.

C. 5 %

SCHEDULE (C.)

MALE SERVANTS.

^CHiDULE of the Rit^i Duties and Taxes payable annually pTor in tefped of every Mile Servant retained or employed by lay Person or Persons.

huMbeR Thereof. Amount of Doty pmUe for each Servant,

£ 1. d.

I fad Sthtat - .. 3 8 o

3 - 3»o

J 3 16 o

4 - 4 7°

5 - 4 18 6

530

y. - - - - 5 5 0

p k.P C 13 O

pa* Y — . — ft a 0 3 0

10.. 6 13 0

u ad upwards - - - 73 0

RULES for charging the Odd Duties.

TVfodDriei shall be paid by the Person who shall retain or*mdoj inch Mde Servant or Servants, apd shall be paid for every |Ur Sarat who shall be retained or employed by any Person, at any he between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Dkjr of Jaurv in the Year following, in any of the following Ca-balks; thanstd 0lj9 Maitre d'Hotel, House Steward, Matter of laHorfe, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Brier, Qork of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House Porter, footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Poftiilion, Stable ley or Helper in the Stables, Gardener, Park Keeper, Game fceper, Huntsman Or Whipper in, or by whatever Name or Names Vale Sem&ts, really aCting in any of the said Capacities, shall be

Si or known, or Whether such Male Servants' (nail have been or be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, fin any other Bu&nelt jointly with any one or more of the same; ndfbr ewry Servant let to Hire with any Carriage or Horses, the lax on (neb Servant so hired shall be charged and chargeable on the moo who so hired such Servant and let him to Hire with any Car-w$ md Horsei as aforesaid.

EXEMPTIONS.

Acy Servant who shall be really retained or employed for the PurposegfHaftandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling, by which the Matter or Mistress of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who shall not at any time be employed in any Capa-ctyhrtfpeft of which a Tax is payable for any Servant.

Any

316

6.57.

56° GEO. IH.

A.D. 1814*

Schedule (C.) — continued.

Any Servant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or any Butler, Cook, Gardener or Porter, of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, or any Servant of die Royal Hof-

fital near Kilmainham, or of the Blue Coat Hospital, or Lying-in lofpital in Dublin, or of any Hospital or Charitable Inftitutian. One Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons, under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided such Officer retains no more than one Servant t and any Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, such Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer shall belong; and any-Servant-of any. Officer in His Majesty* Navy, tinder the Rank of a Matter and Commander in actual Employment, such Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong.

x Any Boy apprenticed to serve for any Term.not exceeding Seven Years, by the Foundling Hospital, the Incorporated Society, the Hibernian School for .Soldiers' Children, the Hibernian Marine Society, or any Society or Charitable Institution in Ireland, for the Care and Education of Children, supported in the whole of in Part by Public Money or AJTeffment.

SCHEDULE (D.y " '

CLERKS AND SHOPMEN.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every Male Person retained or employed in the several Capacities after mentioned.

For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade, or exercising any Profession whatever, as a Clerk or Book Keeper, or Office Keeper (except Apprentices, for or with whom no higher Sum than Twenty Pounds has been paid or contracted for as a Fee or Reward), the yearly Sum of -

For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade as a Shopman (except Apprentices as aforesaid), for the Purpose of exposing to Sale, or felling Goods, Wares or Merchandize in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail, the yearly Sum of

£. / d.

too

too

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons who ftaB retain or employ such Male Person or Persons, and shall be paid for. every Person who shall be retained or employed in any of the find Capacities, by any Person or Persons, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following.

SCHE*

SCHEDULE (E.)

CARRIAGES.

[SCHEDULE of the Dutic* payable annually for or in respect of all Carriaget of any of the Defcripdont after mentioned.

NUMBER OF CARRIAGES.

For Carriages with Four Wheels: T« i facfc Carriage the Annual Sum of

3

4

5

7

9 and upwards - -

And for every additional Body successively uied on the same Carnage or Number of Wheels, the further Annual Sum of - -

For Carriages with less than Four JVheels:

For every fudi Carriage drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Male, and no more ---

\ And for every such Carnage drawn by Two or more Horses, Mam, Gelding or Mules -

And far every additional Body successively used on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further Annual Sum of For every Car or Carriage fitted up for carrying Persons, commonly known by the Name of an Outside Jaunting Car, with not more than Two Wheels, and drawn only by One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule}

If kept by any Person not keeping any other Carriage liable to Duty under this Act, the Annual Sum of If Soy such Jaunting Car shall be kept by any Person keeping any other Carriage liable to Duty under this Act, then the Annual Sum of - -

Amount of the Duty for «ch Carruge.

A / d»

12 O O

13 o

14 O

15 O

*5 iJ

16 8

17 o

17 12

18 3

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

660

6 10 o 900

3 3 0

3 3 o 6 10 o

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The (rid Duties shall be respectively charged for every Coach, Berio, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chafe Marine, Chaise, Sociable or Caravan, or other Carnage of the like kind, with Four Wheels; and for every Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Curricle, Chair or Justing Car, or Pleafuxe Car, with less than Four Wheels, or other Carriages of the like kind; and for any Number of such Carriages wfpe&rrdy, which any Person shall nave or keep at any time as Omr thereof, between the Fifth Day of January in any If ear, and the Fifth Day of January following, and which Rates, Duties and Taxes fall be respectively paid by the Person or Persons haring or keepiDgay fuefa Carriage, and shall be chargeable upon the Body,

A#

918

C. 57.

58° GBQ.JII.

Schedule (E.) — continued* or if more than one, upon the Bodies of such Carriages respectively, according to the Number tbeaepf successively used on the lame Carriage or Number of Wheels, and not in respedfc of the Wheels thereof, or any other Parts of such Carriages, to which the Wheels shall be attached.

Any Person who shall hare in his or her Possession, Care or Keeping any Carnage whatever, chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, the Rate, Duty or Tax on which shall not have been charged on or pud by the Owner of such Carriage, (had and may be chargeable and charged with, and if so charged shall pay the Rate, Duty an4 Tax payable for such Carriage in the same manner as fuph Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the same; and it shall and may be lawful to cofleA; and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every such Person, in the same manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as it would be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from the Owner of such Carriage if the same was in the Possession of such Owners, and that Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in respect of such Carriage by the Owner thereof, shall be on the Person who shall keep or have the same in his or her Possession^ and not on the Officer; and the Person so paying the same for or on JBehalf of the Owner as ^foresaid, shall have a Lien on the said Carriage for the Amount of the Sum which shall have been so paid for or on Behalf of such Owner.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chaises and other Hackney Carriages, Coaches, Chaises and other Carriages kept for Hire by any Innkeeper or Person letting out Horses to travel Post or by the Mile; and such Canjage kept for no other Purpose but to be let for Hire to travel Post or by the and having the Owner's Name visibly and legibly painted on the Ou tilde of the Door Pjyuiel or Shafts of the same, as the case may be.

Carriages kept for Sale by the Makers thereof until the same shall have been fold or used; any Person who is or shall be duly ^licensed to carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and any Person who is or shall be duly licensed to carry on the Trade of felling Carriages by Auction or on Commission, shall not be chargeable with the Rate, Duty or Tax for or in respect of any Carriage in the Custody or Possession of such Coachmaker .or Maker or Seller of Carriages respe^ively bon & side for Sale; rjpr shall jthe Qwnqr or Proprietor of any such Carriage be chargeable; provided that eyay such Carriage shall hajre been actually delivered intp the Mknyfy&ory or Prearyfes of such Coachmaker or Maker or Seller of Carriage^ on pr before the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and shall have from thence continually remained therein; and that such C°achmaker, or Maker or Seller of Carriages, .fis the case may be, shall make and subscribe an Affidavit, or if a Quaker, a solemn Affirmation, before fthe Collector or other Officer in charge of the Colleton of the Dif-Jfcritt* or Inspector of Taxes in which fpeh Carriage ffyril be fp kept

for £awhich Affidavit or Affirmation such.ColleftW qther -Officer

AJD.181&

56° GEO. III.

CUT.

Schedule (£) — continued.

cer as aforesaid or Inspect£r is hereby authorized and empowered to administer, setting fortn the Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Owner or Proprietor of such Carriage, and the kind or Defcriprion thereof, and that such Carriage was really and actually delivered into the Custody or Possession of such Coach maker, or Maker or Seller of Carriages, at said Place for Sale, on or before the Fifth Day of January in the Year in which such Affidavit or Aj&rmation shall be made, stating the Day of such Delivery, and that the said Carriage was not to the Knowledge or Belief of such Coachmaker, or Maker or Seller of Carriages, in any manner used from the Day of such Delivery of the same to the time of making such Affidavit or Affirmation $ and that it shall and may be lawful for any such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, and he is hereby empowered to require every such Coachmaker, or Maker or 6eUer of Carriages, to make from time to time in the Course of the Year, an Affidavit or Affirmation, as the case may be, to the like Eflfest; and if any such Coachmaker, or Maker or Seller of Carriages, shall refuse or neglect so to do, within Six Days next after being so required, every such Coachmaker, or Maker or Seller of Carnages, shall be chargeable and charged with, and shall pay the Rate, Duty or Tax, for each and every Carriage in respect whereof there shall be a Default in making such Affidavit or Affirmation.

Whenever any Person who frail have paid the Duty or Tax on susy Carriage kept by such Person, shall part with such Carriage in the Course of any Year, and shall in Beu thereof receive and keep any other Carriage of the like kind or Description, or any Carriage chargeable with a lower Rate, Duty or Tax, than such Person had paid for the Carriage he or she .had to part with, such Person naH not be chargeable with the Rate, Duty or Tax in respect of such fecood Carnage so received in lieu of such former one, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of January next after the receiving of fneb Second Carriage, any thing in the Act to which the Schedule is annexed, or any other Act or AfiU to the contrary natwfthstanding.

Provided that such Person shall not at one and the same time have had or kept such Two Carriages, such Fa& to be verified by the Oath, or if a Quaker, by a solemn Affirmation of such Person, to be made before the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the DHtrid, or any Sub Commissioner or Inspector of Taxes in such District wherein such Person shall reside, which Affidavit or Affirmation such Officers respectively are hereby authorized, empowered and required to administer; provided that in every such Affidavit or Affirmation, the Person making the same shall Abate the Day of the Month and Year in which he or {he parted with such Carriage, 2nd the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Person to whom such Carriage shall have been so parted with, and also the Day of tlr Month and Year when he or {he received such Second or other Carriage.

ASCH&

920

C. 57.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1

SCHEDULE (F.)

For and upon every Carnage chargeable with any Rate, Duty or'£, Tax, which any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall make, build or construct for Sale, the several and respective Sums following; that is to say, j

For every such Carnage with Four Wheels the Sum of - -to

For every such Carriage with less than Four Wheels the Sum of - o to

To be paid by the Coach Maker or Maker thereof.

For every Carriage chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, which shall be sold by any Person in Ireland by Auction or on Commission, the several and respective Sums following; that is to say,

For every such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Sum of ' i o

For every such Carriage with less than Four Wheels, the Sum of -o io

To be paid by the Auctioneer or Person felling the same, own above all other Duties on such Sale.

For the Rules for charging the above Duties, fee the Ad which this Schedule is annexed.

SCHEDULE (G.)

HORSES.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes, payable anna for and in respect of all Horses, Mares and Geldings kept bp Person or Persons, for the Purpose of Riding, or of driwi any Carriage chargeable with Duty.

NUMBER OF HORSES.

For x such Horse Mare or Gelding

2 such Horses, Mares or Geldings

3

4

s

7

8

9 io it 12

*3 »

If .

*7

18

*9

s.o or upwards

Amaatflj

Duty for ac Horse, Mrt or

TT2

si? |

4 >4 5

5 4 f io o tli t t 16 o 5 >9 {

5>9

I 6

7 0 7 0 7 7 7 7 7

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

696 io 6 it

RUI.ES

56° GEO. III.

C 57.

Schedule

RULES fo/charging the said DUTIES.

& fed Duties shall be payable annually for every Horse, Mare (tifsing, which any Person shall keep or have as the Owner thereof ip time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and fifth Day of January in the Year following, for the Purpose of or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage whatsoever jeable with Duty; which Duties shall be paid by the Person nfonifo having or keeping such Horse, Mare or Gelding except ter mentioned.

way Person who shall have in his or her Possession, Care or Keep-my Horse, Mare or Gelding whatsoever chargeable with any te, Doty or Tax, the Rates, Duties or Taxes on whi<; h shall not e been charged on or paid by the Owner of such Horse, Mare jMng, fell or may be chargeable and charged with, and if so ged QaD pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for such Horse, re or Getting, in the same manner as such Owner is or ought to ferged or chargeable for the same; and it shall and may be law. to aM and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from sy such Person in the same manner and with the like Powers d Autbarities u it would be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, titrejandTatn of and from the Owner of such Horse, Mare or lding, if the same was in the Possession of such Owner; and that x& of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in respect fad Horse, Mare or Gelding by the Owner thereof, shall lie on t Person who shall keep or have the same in his or her Possession, A not on the Oftcer; and the Person so paying the same for or on rialf of the Owner as aforesaid, shall have a Lien on the said Horse, laie or Getting, for the Amount of the Sum which shall have ffl so paid, (or or on behalf of such Owner.

EXEMPTIONS.

Race Horse* charged in Schedule (H.)

Any Horse, Mare or Gelding, under Three Years old.

Any Horse, Mare or Gelding used truly and without Fraud for e Purpose of Husbandry only, on Land occupied by the Owner fad Horse or other Bead, or for the Purpose of drawing any tgjfon, Cart or Carriage (except such Carriages as are liable to Rj), or carrying Burthens in the Course of the Trade or Occu-of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare or ifag shall belong, although such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall tl for Riding on the Occasions and in the manner herein-mmtiooed; that is to say, when returning from any Place to t any Load or Burthen shall have, by such Horse, Mare or icg been drawn or carried, or when going to any Place from a any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or for the Purpose of procuring' fal Affistance, or for the Purpose of going to and from Mar.«u> or from any Place of Public Worship, or to or from f of Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from Court of Juftkre, provided such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall on wj tyceafcon be used for any, other Purpose, save as afore*

ssGm.hi.

Y

One

522

57.

&6* GEO. III.

A.D.UU.

Sdwduk (G. ) —

One Horse, Mire or Gelding, used by any Person occupying a Finn and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or making a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade jointly, or by any Ecclesiastical Person not possessed of an annual Income of One hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arising from any Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise, such Person8 respectively not having or keeping any other Horde, Mare or Gelding, for Riding, or for driving any Carnage chargeable with any Duty under this Act.

One Horse, Mare or Gelding, used by any Person enrolled or to.he enrolled, and serving in any Troop of Yeoman Cavalry in Ireland, who shall have attended on Horsehack One Half at Uaft of the Number of Days appointed for him to Exercise or be on Duty in the Year, Aid who shall produce a Certificate from the Commanaing Officer or Permanent Serjeant, of his having done so, and of Pay having been drawn for him for the said Number of Days.

SCHEDULE (H.)

RACE HORSES.

A SCHEDULE of the Rate, Duty and Tax payable annually for and in respect

of Race Horses.

For every Horse, Mare or Gelding bona fide kept for the Purpose /. /. only of racing or running for any Plate Prize or Sum of Money, or other thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes* whether in the Stable of the Proprietor or Proprietors or of any other Person or Persons - - - - a 17 6

Any Person who shall have in his Possession, Care or Keeping any such Race Horse, the Rate, Doty or Tax on which shall not have been charged on or paid by the Owner of such Race Horse, shall or may be chargeable and charged with, and if so charged shall pay dm Rate, Duty and Tax payable for such Race Horse, in the same manner as such Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the same; and it shall and may be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every such Person, in the same manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as it would be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from die Owner of such Race Horse, if the same was in the Possession of such Owner; and that Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax, for and in respect of such Race Horse, by the Owner thereof, shall lie on the Person who shall keep or have the same in his or her Possession, and not on the Officer; and the Person so paying the same for dr on Behalf of the Owner as aforesaid, shall have a Lien on the said Race Horse for the Amount of the Sum that shall have been so paid by him or Ijer.

D.vni

GEO III.

C.»i.

G

SCHEDULE (I.)

SERVANTS let to Hirt.

— »ULE of the Putiea payable w^aiiy for sad >0 mfpe& of SERVANTS, CARRIAGES wd HORSES Jet to Hirp in Ireland.

Mr every Coachman, Groom, Poftfllion or Helper, kept for the fcrpo& of being let to Hire for any Period of time lefa than Ok Tor, the Annual Sum of -.

h» east Carriage with Four Wheels, kept by any Coachmaker ft Maker of Carriages, or other Person for the Purpose of being let tsHae, for any Period of time less than One Year, without a Hade or Horses to be used therewith, the Annual Sum of Par eery Carriage with Four Wheels, kept by any Postmaster, Inn Keeper or other Person, duly licensed to let Post Horses, for the Purpose of being let to Hire, for any Period of time less than Ok Year, with a Horse or Horses to be used therewith, the Aland 8mm of

For everj Carriage with lefa than Four Wheels, kept by any Person whatever, for 3*Purpose of being let to Hire, with or without a f Horse or Horses, for any Period of time less than a Year;

If drawn by one Horle, Mare, Gelding or Mule, and no more, the Annual Sum of - - -

If drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, foe Annual Sum of ..

lot every Horse, Mare or Gelding, kept for the Purpose of Riding, or of drawing any Carriage changeable with Duty, and let to Hire for any Period of time less than One Year, the Annual 5am of - -

& /. J.

2 lO O 12 O 9

lO IQ O

6 io9909

2 17 6

RULES for charging the fasd Duties.

The laid Annual Duties foall be paid by any Person who shall em-AnU keep or have in his or her Pbffession any such Male Ser-r any Carriage or Horse for the Purpose of letting to Hire Servant, Carriage or Horse respectvely, or who shall let to Hire _ Servant, Carriage or Ifopfe nespectively, at any time between Fifth Djy of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

A1 Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chaises and

s and other Carriages kept for Hire by any Person letting out to travel Post by the Mile, for the drawing of which no higher of Payment fh^p be demanded or received than is charged for Carnages of the same Denomination, travelling Post by the, or feom Stage to {Stage; and all Horses, Mares and Geldings 4a foe drawing such Carriages only.

AarPerfeu who foafl employ or keep, or have in his Possession, By Carriage with' Four Wheels for the furpose of letting the same > Hire, so wh^b for travelling Post by the Mile and not by the

f^ge, dot by the Day, nor ofofemifc than by the Mile, the Duties

56* GEO. IH*

AJ).

694

C.8J*

Schedule (I.) — continued.

of Twelve Pounds or Ten Pounds Ten Shillings above roeot shall have been respectively paid for the Year ending Fifth Ji One thousand eight hundred and seventeen9 or for any subse Year, and who shall produce to the Commissioners of Inland j and Taxes a Receipt or Receipts from the proper Officero Police in Dublin, for the Amount of the Local Taxes impoi Dublin on such Carriage for the whole of such Year, shall be tied to an Allowance or Repayment of Seven Pounds out 4 above Duties of Twelve Pounds, or Ten Pounds Ten Sh&g spectively; and such Allowance or Repayment of the said hi Seven Pounds shall be made to such Person under the Onto Directions of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise ud T accordingly*

SCHEDULE (K.)

DOGS.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for or in refpcd of Dop

For every Greyhound kept by any Person, whether the same be £. u his or her Property or the Property of any other Person or Person s - - - -.\ o

For every Hound, Pointer or Setting Dog, Spaniel, Temer or Lurcher, where only One such Dog is kept - o (t

For every Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, and for every other Dog where any Person shall keep Two or more Dogs, of whatever Description or Denomination, the same may be, except Greyhounds, whether the same be the j Property of him, her or them, or of any other Person or Person* - j o 14 1 For every Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, kept by any Person having j, One such Dog and no more, whether the same be the Property of him, her or them, or the Property of any other Person or i Persons, the annual Sum of - -.L I

Any Person who shall have in his Possession, Care or Kerat Dog whatever chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, tie Duty or Tax on which shall not have been charged on or paid 1 Owner of such Dogs, shall or may be chargeable and charged and if so charged shall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable fa Dog, in the lame manner as such Owner is or ought to be ch or chargeable for the same; and it shall and may be lawful toe and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes, of and from nwt Person, in the same manner and with the like Powers as it would be lawful to colkA and levy such Rates, Dutid Taxes, of and from the Owner of such Dog, if the fine 1 the Possession of such Owner; and that Proof of the Payment I Rate, Duty or Tax, for and in respect of such Dog, by the ( thereof, shall lie on the Person who shall keep or have the same or her Poffeflyon, and not on the Officer$ and the Person so j

A.D. 181A

*6*GEO.IIL

C.6T, so

Schedule (K.) — continued.

the same, for or on behalf of the Owner as aforesaid, shall hart a Lien on the said Dog for the Amount of the Sum that shall have been so paid for or on behalf of such Owner.

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Dog or Whelp under the Age of Six Calendar Months.

All Doga kept by any Person who shall, in respect of the fereral Dogs kept by inch Person in each Year, pay the hill Sum of Thirty six Pounds British Currency, by way of Composition for all such Dogs, before the Twenty fourth Day of June in each Year.

CAP. LVTII.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Manufacture and Use of a Liquor prepared from Sugar for colouring Porter.

[aoth June 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing the Mann. faSure and Use of a Liquor prepared from4 Sugar /hr colouring Porter, and for indemnifying Per font who have manufaSured or used such Colouring, a Duty of Excise of Ten Shillings per Barrel was imposed for and in respect of Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring, prepared or made from burnt Sugar reduced to a Liquid by Solution in Water, to be mixed with Beer, commonly called or known by the Name of Porter % for the Purpofo of colouring the same; and the Maker and Makers thereof was and were thereby required to .take out a Licence and Licences authorizing such Person or Persons to make such Liquor, and to pay for each such Licence the Sum of Fire Pounds: And Whereas by another Act, made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff and Excise Licences, an additional Sum of Five Pounds was and is required to be paid by such Maker and Makers on taking out such Licence as aforesaid: And Whereas great Frauds have been and are committed upon the Revenue, and also upon the Brewer and the Public, 'under Pretence of using such Colouring j and it is expedient to repeal the said Duty and the foid Payments so respectively required to be made on taking out such Licence as aforesaid, and also the foid Ad made in the Fifty first Year aforesaid / Be it .therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, J>y and with the Advice and Confont of me Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affombled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight huhdred and foven-teen, the said recited Duty and the said respective Payments so required to be made, on taxing out such Licence as aforesaid, shall ceafo and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that from and after the Day and Year foil aforesaid, the bid Ad, made in the Fifty first Year of His foid lyfojesty's Reign, shall be and the.

Y S fame

31 0.3. c.87.

§«

SS G. 3. & jo.

Sch. (A.) Tit Lienees,

Duty granted by

Si G. 3. c. 87.

§ 1. end

ss G.J. C..30. :

Sch.

repealed.

m

<3.58.

StTGEO. III*.

A.D. 1J10

No Material or Preparation of the Description herein mentioned (ha)l be in Pofle(fion of any Brewer or Dealer, or used in colouring of Beer,

othefr thah Brown Malt.

Such Materials forfeited.

Penalty. Druggist, fcc. felling such Colouring to ally Brewer or Dealer,

same is hereby repedkd* save arid except ih 431 cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any tine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto respect* ively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand right hundred and seventeen.

II. And be it further enacted, That frofn and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, no BflH^er Or Brewer* of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer 6t ftetdilm of Beer, shall receive dr take into, or have in his, her trr thrir Ouftody Or Poflefflon; or make, or use, or mix with, dr put into any Worth or Beer any Liquor, Extract, Calx or other Material or PVt* paration for the Purpose of darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, or any Liquor, Eltfad, Calx 6r other Material or Preparation, such as has been heretofore or as shall hereafter be made use of Tor or in the darkening of the Colour of Worts or Beer, other than Brown Malt ground or unground, as commonly used in Brewing, or shall receive or take into, or have ih his, liter or their Custody or Possession, or use, or mix with, or put into any Worts or Beer, any MeiaiTes, Honey, Liqudrioe* Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Iodiks Grains of Paradise, Guiltea Pbppfcf or Dpinhi, or any Ettraft or Preparation of Mdasses, Hofcey, Li^udriW, vkiM, QnWfta, Cofcuki* Ihdtae, Gniks of PuradiftS Guinea Pepper dr OpniM or inf Article or Preparation WhatfibeVCr, for dr as a Sdbfektoth fhr Mah ttr Hops 5 and if any such Brevter ot BfleWefs of, dr Deafer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers Of Beer, fllall fecriVe bT take into, or hate in bit, her or tfefeit Cdftddy dr PbflMfew, dr fhakt or afe in Bowing, or mit with or put into &ny Worts or BfeVi4, ttfiy Liqubc, Extrwft, Calk or other Material OT Prtparkridi for the Purpose of darkening the Colour of Worts olr BkeT, brahy Liqubr, Extra#, Calx or other Material dr Preparation such as bfcfc hedn herfetofeh? or as shall Hereafter be made use of for dr ih thb darkening of the Gokriir of Wttrth or Beer, Other n BVo#n Mbit, ground or onground, its commbnly used id Brewing, ot shall tedeive, or take into, or haVe id his, her or their Custody dr PoffWSdn, or stall use, or mix with, or put frtto any Worts or Beer any hfrirffes, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Qtmffia, Coculus India, Grinds df Pdthdlfe, Guinea Pepper, or any Extract dr Preparation of Mehrises, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculhs Indite, Grains df Paradise, Guinea Pepper Ot Opium rtspectively, or any Article dr Preparation whdtsoever, fyf 6f as a Substitute for Milt OT Hdps; all fitch Liquor, Ehtrt#, Calx, Mefesses, Honey, Vitriol, Qustflta, Coculus Incuts, Graibs of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Extra#, Article and Preparation as dfofcfrid, and also the said Worts and Beer rtfpedlitely, shall be forfeited, together irith thr Orfks, VeflHa dr other Packages eontaimhg the same, add shall and may be ftfxed by any Officer or Officers df Etttife $ and ftkrh Brewer dr Brrivets of. Dealer or Dealers in or Retailer or Rhtrifersdf Beer, lb offending as aforesaid, shall for each ahd every such'OflfenCe forfeit add lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further onacted, That from and after the find Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, no^'T or Dhiggifts, dr Vendbr of Vendors of, dr Deafer or in Drugs, or Chyurfft or Chymists, or other PCrfbn dr Pen.

ions

jLD'int

3S9 GEO. III.

C.58.

S27

Cons whatever, shall felly fend or deliver, or cause, procure, permit or fuficr to be lbl<U font or delivered to any lioenfed Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, knoWmg him, her or them to be so ficensed or to be reputed to be so Ucenled, or shall feU, fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be sold, sent or delivered to any other Person or Persons for or on account of, or in Trust for, or for the Use of any such Brewer or Brewers, Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers, any Liquor called or known by the Name or Description of or sold as Colouring, from whatever Materials the same may have been made, or any Other Material or Preparation other than unground Brown Malt, for the Purpose of darkening the ^Colour of Worts or Beer, or any Liquor or Preparation such as has been heretofore or shall hereafter be made use of for or in the darkening of the Colour of Worts or Beer, or any Melafiea, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Qualfia, Coculus India, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper or Opium, or any Extract or Preparation of Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quafiia, Coculus India, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper or Opium, or any Article or Preparation to be used in Worts or Beer, for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops rdpedively; and if any Druggist or Druggists, or Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or anj Chvmift or Chymists, or. any other Person or Persons whatever, mall tell, fend or deliver, or cause, or procure, permit or Suffer to be (bid, sent or delivered to any licensed Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, knowing him, her or them to be (b liceased, or to be reputed to be so bceofed, or shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be (old, lent or delivered to any other Person or Pterions for or oa account of, or in Trust for, or for the Use of any such Brewer or Brewers, or Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, any Liquor called or known by the Name or Description of, or (old as Colouring, from whatever Materials the Same may have been made, or any other Material or Preparation other than onground Brown Malt, for the Puroofe of darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, or any Liquor or Preparation such at has been heretofore used, or as shall hereafter be made use of for or in tlw darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, except as aforesaid, or any Melaiies, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quri&a, Coculus Iodise, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, or any Ex trad or Preparation of Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indise, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium or any Article or Preparation to be used in Worts or Beer for or as a Substitute for Maker Hops respectively, all such Liquor called or known by the Name or Description of or sold as Colouring, tend Material or Preparation for the Purpose aforesaid, and Liquor and Preparation used or which shall hereafter be used for or in the darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quatiur, Coculus Indise, Grams of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Extract or fVe*-paration of Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quasia, Coculus. Indise, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Popper, Opium and Article or Preparation to be used for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops rripodmly, shall be forfeited, nod the same respectively shall and may be (need try any Officer or Officers of Eacifa, and the DruggSt or Druggists, Vender or Venders of, or Dealt* or Doaiens in Dtugs

other than ua-grouud Brown Malt;

or felting tnf Liquor called Colouring,

other than unground Brown Malt;

such Material forfeited*

or

Penalty. Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Act maybe altered, &c.

55 G. 3- $*

!*

§6.

43 G. 3. c.8l. Sch (A.)

Indeed of-17*. ad on every Barrel of Malt,

C. 58, S9. &6*GEO. III. A.D. 1816.

or Chynrift or Chynrifts or other Person or Persons whatever, so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or created by this Act, shall be sued for, reeo* vered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at IVcJhninster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs 4uid Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

V. And be it enacted, That this. Ad may be altered, amended or repealed by-any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to reduce the Duty of Excise on Malt made in /#r-land, and certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof. [20th June 181&]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increastd 4 Duties of Excise in Ireland on Malt, a Duty of Seventeen Shillings. and Four pence British Currency was imposed on every Barrel 4 containing Four Winchejfler Bushels of Malt made in Ireland; and .4 by the said recited Act certain Countervailing Duties on Malt 4 and Beer made or Brewed in Great Britain, and imported into 4 Ireland\ and certain Drawbacks on Malt and Beer exported from 4 Ireland^ were granted, allowed and'made payable; And Whereas 4 by the said recited Act it was, among other things, enacted, that 4 whenever it should happen that any Part of the Duties of Excise 4 on Malt granted or made payable in Great Britain, by any Ad in 4 force at the time of the passing of the said recited Act, should cease 4 or determine, Provision should be made that a like Proportion of the'Duty of Excise on Malt in Ireland, under the said recited Act, / should in like manlier cease or determine or be repealed, and the 4 Duty of Excise ou Malt made payable by the said Act should be V reduced accordingly: And.Whereas the Duties, on Malt made in 4 England and Scotland, granted by an Act of the Forty third Year 4 of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An.A3 for granting to 1 His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratfication of the 4 jDefinitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise is 4 Great Britain; arid which, by various Acts were continued until 4 the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred, and fixteep, will cease and determine on the said Fifth Day of July One thou-? sand eight hundred and sixteen Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con* sent. of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled* and by the authority of the same, .That the Sum of Eight Shillings British Currency on every Barrel of Malt .containing. Four Bushels Winchester Measure, which, at any

A.B.1816, 56° GEO. III. C. 59-

time. after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in Ireland^ (Part of the Duty of Excise of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence on every Barrel of Malt granted by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, ) shall cease and determine; and that for and upon every such Barrel of Malt which, at any time or times after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen shall be made of Barley or other Corn or Grain in Ireland by any Person or Persons whomsoever, whether the same shall be or shall not be for Sale, the Sum of Nine Shillings and Four pence British Currency, and no more, and so proportionally for any greater or kfs Quantity, shall be paid by the Malt iter or Maker thereof respectiyely, in lieu of all Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this' Ad.

II. And be it further enacted, That for all Dry Malt ground or unground which, ori the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be in the Stock of any Maltster or Maker of .Mbit for Sale, or Factor or Dealer in Malt, or Common Brewer or Distiller ia Ireland, for which the Duties payable by Law shall have been duly charged or .paid, and also for all Malt chargeable with Duty in respect of all Corn or Grain which, on the said Futb Day of July One tnonfand eight hundred and Sixteen, shall be in Procels of being made into Malt in the Malting House or Premises of any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, there shall be.' allowed and paid the Sum of Eight Shillings British Currency, on and for every Barrel of Malt charged or chargeable with, or which shall have paid the Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence under the dud recited Act of the lift Session of Parliament, in manner and under the Regulations hereinafter mentioned and expressed.

III. And be it further enacted, That for all Spirits distilled in Ireland)_ which shall be in the Stock of any Distiller in Ireland on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or which shall have been warehoused in any of His Majesty's Ware-boufet or Stores in Ireland by any Distiller pursuant to Law, at any time before the Said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and which shall be in the said Warehouses on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and for all Wash, Pot Ale and Singlings in the Distillery of such Distiller on the Said Fifth Day of July, there shall be allowed to the Distiller of such Spirits, or to the Proprietor of such Spirits so warehoused, for every Gallon of such Spirit* the Sum of Four pence British Currency; and for all such Wash, Pot Ale and Singlings, a Sum of Four pence British Currency, on every Gallon of Spirits which, on a Calculation of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of Wash, or Pot Ale, and of One Gallon of Spirits for every Two Gallons and a Half of Singlings would be the Produce of such Wash, Pot Ale or Singlings, in manner and under the Regulations hereinafter mentioned and expressed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Sum of Eight Shillings British Currency, on every Barrel of Malt containing Four Bushels W'tnebester Measure made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland) (Part of the Countervailing

Duty

3«f

9*. 4<1. ftull be paid.

Allowance of 8s. per Barrel for Dry Malt in Stock.

Allowance for Spirits and Wish in Stock.

Instead of 8a. per Barrel on Malt, a Couutervailmj Duty of 9«.

328

C. 58, 89.

&*GEO.IIL

A.D. 18l6»

or Chymist or Chymists or other Person or Personr whatever, so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Penalty. Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

Recovery and IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Application of Forfeitures imposed or created by this Act, shall be sued for, reco-Penalties. vered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debtj Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty

or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

Ad may be V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended

altered, Sec. or repealed by.any Alt or Ada to be made in this present Session

of Parliament.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to reduce the Duty of Excise on Malt made in Ireland, and certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respe£t thereof. [aoth June 1816.]

55 G. 3. c.6a.*\\T HEREAS by an Act made in the lafib Session of Parliament,

§ i»*W intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increastd

Duties of Excise in Ireland on Malt, a Duty of Seventeen Shillings

*. and Four pence British Currency was imposed on every Barrel

4 containing Four Winchefitr Bushels of Malt made in Ireland; and

by the said recited Act certain Countervailing Duties on Malt

4 and Beer made or Brewed in Great Britain, and imported into

4 Ireland, and certain Drawbacks on Malt and Beer exported from

§ 6. 4 Ireland, were granted, allowed and made payable: And Whereas

4 by the said recited Act it was, among other things, enacted, that

4 whenever it should happen that any Part of the Duties of Excise

4 on Malt granted or made payable in Great Britain, by any Ad in

- 4 force at die time of the passing of the said recited Act, should cease

4 or determine, Provision should be made that a like Proportion of

4 the'Duty of Excise on Malt in Ireland» under the said recited Act,

4 should in like manuer cease or determine or be repealed, and the

4 Duty of Excise on Malt made payable by the said Act should be

V reduced accordingly: And.Whereas the Duties on Malt made in

41 g. 3.C.81. 4 England and Scotland, granted by an A St of the Forty third Year

Sch. (A.)«of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An.A3 for granting Ut

4 His Maftfiy*, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the

4 Definitive Treaty, of Peace9 certain additional Duties of Excise in

i Great Britain; and which by various Acts were continued until

4 the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Hxteep,

will cease and determine on the said Fifth Day of July One thou*

,land eight hundred and fxxteen ; Be it therefore enacted by The

Xing's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

sent. of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this

present Parliament assembled* and by the authority of the same,

Instead of .That the Sum of Eight Shillings British Currency on every Barrel

i7<. 4d 00 every of Malt containing. Four Bushels Wincbcjler Measure, which, at any Barrel of Malt, ;

A.D. 1816.

56 GEO. III.

0*59*

399

time, after the find Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred 9* flullbe

and sixteen, shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Gram in

Ireland, (Part of the Duty of Excise of Seventeen Shillings and

Four pence on every Barrel of Malt granted by the said recited Act

of the last Session of Parliament, ) shall cease and determine; and

that for and upon every such Barrel of Malt which, at any time or

times after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred

and sixteen shall be made of Barley or other Corn or Gram in Ireland

by any Person or Persons whom foe ver, whether the same shall be

or shall not be for Sale, the Sum of Nine Shillings and Four pence

Brhish Currency, and no more, and so proportionally for any greater

or kfs Quantity, shall be paid by the Maltster or Maker thereof

respectixely, in lieu of all Duty payable thereon under or by virtue

of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing

of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That for all Dry Malt ground or Allowance of 8s. unground which, on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight Pf*Jrel for hundred and sixteen, shall be in the Stock of any Maltster or Maker*m

of. Mbit for Sale, or Factor or Dealer in Malt, or Common Brewer or Distiller in Ireland, for which the Duties payable by Law shall have bean duly charged or paid, and also for all malt chargeable with Duty in respect of all Corn or Grain which, on the said Fifth Day of - " ---- f ? " " 5 1 " "'" fstof

Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, there Audi be. allowed and paid the Sum of Eight Shillings British Currency, on and for every Barrel of Malt charged or chargeable with, or which shall have paid the Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, in manner and under the Regulations hereinafter mentioned and expressed.

III. And be it further enacted, That for all Spirits distilled in Allowance for Ireland, which shall be in the Stock of any Distiller in Ireland on ?^cri*Vnd Wa<h the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, m Stock* or which shall have been warehoused in any of His Majesty's Ware* houses or Stores in Ireland by any Distiller pursuant to Law, at any time before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Iixteen, and which shall be in the said Warehouses on the said Fifth Day of July Ode thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and for all Waft, Pot Ale and Singlings in the Distillery of such Distiller on the said Fifth Day of July, there shall be allowed to the Distiller of such Spirits, or to the Proprietor of such Spirits so warehoused, for every Gallon of such Spirits the Sum of Four peace British Currency; and for all such Waft, Pot Ale and Singlings, a Sum of Four pence British Currency, on every Gallon of Spirits which, on a Calculation of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of Waft, or Pot Ale, and of One Gallon of Spirits for every Two Gallons and a Half of Singlings would be the produce of such Waft, Pot Ale or Singlings, in manner and under the Regulations hereinafter mentioned and expressed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth instead of 8s. per Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Sum of Barrel 011 M^lt, Eight Shillings Brrti/iCamacj, ori every Barrel of Malt coo* tuning Four Buihels Wtnthtfltr Measure made to Great Britain, y and imported from thence into Inland, (Part of the Countervailing

Duty

9*0 C.S9. 66* GEO- III. A.D. 1S1&

Dtty of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence on every (ach Band of Mak granted by the said Act of the kft Session of ratliainenft, and of the equivalent Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Malt made ill Inland*) shall be repealed and shall cease and determine; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, there shall be charged for and upon every finch Barrel of Malt made in Great Britain, and imported from thence, after the said Fifth Day of Jmfy One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, directly into Inland, the Countervailing Duty or Sum of Nine Shffimga and Four pence British Currency, and no more, in Ueu and full Satssfa&fai of ail Countervailing Duties whatever payable on such Mah, under or by virtue of any Ad or A£U of Parliament in force in Inland immediately before the puffing of this Act % and that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Malt made in Inland) then shall he allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty by this Act made payable' on Mult made in Great Britain and imported into Inland*

Instead of 5s. 66. V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the fakl Fifth on every Barrel j)ay Of Que thousand eight bondrtd and sixteen, the Sum of Countervailing Shillings and Sixpence British Currency, on every Barrel of

Duty of 6s.6d. Beer or Ale containing Thirty two Gallons brewed or made in Gnat on Exportation Britain and imported from thence into Ireland, (Putt of the Coun- fromorto Great tervailiag Duty of Twelve Shillings on every fbch Barrel of Beer^g1*0*^ by the said recited A A of the left Sdffiotv of Purlin-

re pc ire y. Jne||t> ancj fa cqumleut Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain, of Beer or Ale mode or brewed in Inland, ) shall be repealed, and Audi cease and determine j and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, there shall be charged for and upon every fitch Barrel of Beer or Ale brewed or made in Great Britain and imported from thence after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen directly into Inland, the Countervailing Duty or Sum of Six Shillings and Sixpence Brkt/b Currency, and no more, in beu and foil Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable on such Beer or Ale, under or by virtue of any Act or Acta of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act; and Chat upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain after the find Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen of any Beer or Ale brewed in Ireland, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty by tms Act made payable on Beet or Ale made or brewed il Great Britain and imported into Ireland.

Instead of the VI. And be it farther enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Drawbacks now D*y af July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Sum of payable the fol- Eight Shillings British Currency, (Part of the Drawback or Aflow-pJa?* ance of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence, made payable by the said

Act of the left Session of Parliament, ] on every Barrel of Malt made in Ireland and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, and abb the Sum of Five Shillings and Sixpence British Currency (Part of the Drawback or Allowance of Twelve Shillings, ratrib payable by the said Act of the 1aft Session of Parliament) on every Barrel of Brer or Ale made in Ireland, and exported to any Other Pkc* than Great Britain, shall be repealed, and (halt cease and detmnme» and

that

A.B. ieie.

GEa IIL

G* 5Q4

391

that from and after the find Fifth Day of July One thotsfaad eight hundred and fixteeft, instead of all former Drawbacks on Mtlt or on Beer or Ale made in Ireland, and exported to any othtr Place than Ortat Britain, there shall be paid to every Person who shall legally export from Ireland to any other Place than Great Britain, any Mak or any Strong Beer or Ale made or btewed in Ireland, the Drawbacks and Allowances following; that is to say* for every Bahr! of such Malt con taming Four Eufhelft Winchejltr Mcafnre the Sum of Nine Shillings and Four pence* British Currency; and for every Barrel of fufch Beer or Ale the Sum of Six Shillings and Sixpence, British Currency, and no more; and the said Drawbacks shall be pud in like manner and under such Regulations and Di* re&iobs as fere espressed, mentioned and contained in the frid recited Act of the last Sdfion of Parliament.

VII, And m atde*r to ascertain the Amount of the Allowances by this Act allowed and made payable in respect of Malt and Spirits in the Stock of Maltsters or Makers ot Malt for Sale, or Fa&ufs or. Dealers in Malt, Brewers and Diftiilers in Ireland, be ft ehacted, Thfct the Officfet Or Officers of Excise, >n charge of the Malting Hduse, Stores Or Wfcrehouses of any Makfter or Maker of Malt for Safe, or Factor or Dealer in Malt, or of any Distillery or HieweTy in Ireland, shall gauge and take an Account of the Quantity of ail Dry Malt ground or onground which shall be in the Stock of any Maimer or Maker of Malt for Sale, or of a*y Fa&at hr Deafer ih Mak, or of any Common Brewer or of nay Distiller id Month on the frid Fifth Day of Jtdy One thoufrnd eight bandied aodfrxfcten, ahd fhbH in hke manner take On Account of the Quantity of all Com or Gtxiu in Pfdcefr of being made into Mah, whicfl Audi be in the Stook, Cnftody or Pdfcffion of ahy Makfter or Maker of Mult for 8ale, or BitWer or Distiller making Malt in Ireland, on the fad Fifth Day of July Ode thousand eight hundred and fixtecu; and every futh Officer or Officers fhatt, within Ten Days after taking such Account, make a Return m Writing to the CtoHe&or of Excise of the f*fy>edtrre Diffcrids in which such dry or Cam Or Oram in Process of being made intolMalt shall have beeb, on the frid Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fixtetn, of the iaft and true Quantity of all such Dry Malt in the Stock of every such Makfter or Maker of Malt, or Fhdtor or Deafer in Malt, or Common Brewer or Distiller respectively, and of the Quantity of Mrit changeable in respect of all Corn or Grain m Process of being made into Mak in the Stock, Custody or Poffeflfoa of every such htahfter or Maker of Mak for Sale, or Brewer or Distiller making Malt respedfcively, and the Amount of the Allow* ance of Eight Shillings on every Barrel of Mah, as well for all Di*y Mak as for all Malt cborgftbre with Duty m txfpefr of all Cork or Gniu* Process of beitig made into Mak, in the Stock, Custody or Pofleffiori of every such Maltster or Maker of Mak, or Factor or Deafer in Mall, Common Brewer or Distiller respectmly, oh the find Fifth Day of Jnly One thousand eight hundred and flxteen % and every foeh Officer shall and he is hereby featured to leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand, With every such Mattfter or Maker of Malt, or Foftor or Dealer in Malt, Brewer or Distiller reflectively, or at his or their Malting House, Brewery, IMtillery, Store House or Dwelling House respectively*

and

Drawbacks of 9».d. per Barrel of Malt, 6s. 66. per Barrel of Beer.

Officer* of Recife to take Ac* count of Stock at Dry Mah and of Mah in Vroeefk, in manner Herein direHed* and make a Return to Collector of Diftiitt, &c.

Officer to leave Copy of ReturO with Maltster.

e. 59:

56° GEO. III.

A .D. I8ltf.

Mritfters chargtd in Return with the full Duty for the Month end* mg July 5.

Penalty.

An Account »lfo to be taken of Quantity of Spirits in Stock of Distiller and Return made to Collector, Stc.

Officer to leave Copy of Return with Distiller.

Penalty.

Spirits in Ware* house to be taken an Account of in like manner by Storekeeper, and Return made to Colleger.

and to transmit a Duplicate of fitch Return to the Commissioners of Inland Etcife and Taxes in Ireland: Provided always, that the Officer of Excise shall in his Return against any Maltster or Maker of Malt, or Brewer or Distiller making Malt for the Month ending the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, charge such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Distiller making Malt, with the full Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence per Barrel imposed by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, for and in respect of the whole and entire Quantity of Malt with which by Law such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Distiller making Malt, shall by Law be chargeable for such Malt, any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding, upon pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Omission in so doing respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Officers of Excise in charge of the Distillery of any Distiller in Ireland* shall gauge and take ; an Account of the Quantity of all Spirits made or distilled in Ireland which shall be in the Stock of any Distiller in Ireland on the said Fifth Day of Jtdf One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and of all the Wash, Pot Ale and Singlings in the Distillery of such Distiller on the said Fifth Day of July; and every such Officer or Officers shall, within Ten Days after the taking of such Account, make a Retnm in Writing to the Collector of Excise of the respective Districts in which such Spirits shall have been on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight. hundred and sixteen, of the just and true Quantity of all such Spirits on the find Fifth Day of July in the Stock, Custody or Possession of every such Distiller respectively, and of the Quantity of Spirits which ac* cording to the Calculation hereinbefore directed would be pro* duceable from all Waih, Pot Ale and Singlings in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Distiller on the said Fifth Day of July* and also of the Amount of the Allowance of Four pence on every Gallon of such Spirits in the Stock, Custody or Possession of every such Distiller, and on every Gallon of Spirits produceable in respect of the Wash, Pot Ale or Singlings, according to the Calculation aforesaid in the Distillery of such Distiller on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and every fuen Officer shall and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand with every such Distiller or at the Distillery of such Distiller, and to transmit a Duplicate of such Return to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland* upon pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Omission in so doing.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Storekeeper or other Person in charge of any of His Majesty's Warehouses in Ireland* in which any Spirits distilled in Ireland shall have beeu warehoused ac* cording to Law at any time previous to the (kid Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall, within Ten Days after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nxteen, take ao Account of the Quantity of all Spirits made or distilled in Ireland* which shall be in such Warehouse on the said Fifth Day of July, with the Number and Contents of the Calks containing the same, the Name and Addition of the Distiller or Distillers by whom such Spirits shall have been respectively warehoused, and the:

13 Day

9.1811

5B° GEO. III.

a 59#

SSI

it faaddferthe find Fifth Day of Jaly One thonfad eight Mbfebteea, infeed of ell former Drawbacks on Melt or on m^Akauk in Irdood\ end exported to any othtr Place then'tJritam, there fell be paid to every Person who (hell legally |hn inland to any other Place than Great Britain, any r acj Strong Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland, the cks ud Attowanoee following; that is to say* for every inf such Malt cootaimny Foor Bushelt Wtnebejkr Meafnre the lof Nine Shillings and Four pence, British Currency \ and for y land of such Beer or Ale the Sum of Six Shillings and start, IMp Currency, and no more; and the fed Drawbacks like manner and under such Regulations and Di« fesnapnflied, mentioned and contained in the fed recited ft of thekd Session of Parbament.

VI/. And in ottter to ascertain the Amount of the Allowances tba AA ifiowtd and made payable in respect of Malt and irils is tie Stock of Mahftero or Makers ol Malt for Sale, or fei or Men in Malt, Brewers and Diftilbrs in Ireland, bt tasse, Tin die Office* Or Officers of Excise, in charge of the fegtinfct Stores Or Wurehotrfes of any Maltster or Maker iMLfarkhi or Faster or Dealer in Malt, or of any Diftiliery thewtty k inland, flttell gauge and take an Account bf the feitjr of dl Dry Malt ground or tmgrouad which shall be in the feat wyMdtfter or Maker of Malt for Bale, or of a*y Fa&ot ffinkrinMdt, v of smy Common Brewer or of any Distiller id dads wfefed Fifth Day of Jah One thousand eight hundred aUnto, fetalin Bke manner take tan Account of the Quantity f si Cum or Otaa in Process of being made into Mah, which kite is tb Stock, Cmftwdy or Pofihffion of any Makfter or Maker flfdt hr hie, m Brtateer or Distiller making Malt in Ireland, i he fad Fifth Day of Jaly One thotefand eight hundred and h»{«d tatty such. Officer or Office#! (hah, within Ten Days hr taking feh Account, make a Return in Writing to the Ufcfhc i Excise of the reQiefkive Districts in which such dry H>trCfeiirGfam in Process of being made intolMalt shall have fe <DtkU Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and tb j»ft and true Quantity of aM such Dry Mbit in the hi rf ewrr tech Makfter or Maker of Malt, or Factor or Dealer 'hilt, « Cowmen Brower or Distiller respectively, and of the bfidwtf l(d chalgtaabk in rfcfpefk of all Corn or Grain in Pm. A of being ande into Mak in the Stock, Custody or PofeAon ferny such Itshfter or Maker of Mak for Sale, Or Brewer or )iftiller making Malt respefevely, and the Amount of the Allow* test Eight Shillings on every Barrel of Mah, hs well for all DPy« fcr ill Mak chargeable with Duty m respefk of all Corn rGtab b jfeerfs of bring made into Mak, in the Stock, Custody wsry such Maltster or Maker of Mak, otr Factor or isMaft, Coarmoa Brower or Distiller respectirely, on the "Mkltyef Jaly One thowfeid eight hundred and fatten?

Officer shaft and he n hereby required to have a twefetf such Return in Writing tinder hb Hand, vtith every to tfcfab or Maker of Malt, or Factor or Dealer in Malt, tow* Distiller respectively, or at his or their Malting House, Sitikry, Stare House or Dwelling House respecthfey*

and

Drawbacks of 9». 4d. per Barrel of Mak, 6s. 6d. per Barrel of Beer.

Officers of Strife to tike Account of Stack Of Dry Malt and of Malt in VroctOs in manner herein directed, and make a Return to Colleger of District, Ac.

Officer to leave Copy of Return with Maltster.

C. 59.

6&* GEO. lit

A.RW1H

98*

If Duty not paid at such extended time, Penalties.

Permit not granted till Dudes paid.

Duties, Draw* backs and Penalties levied, paid and re-] covered, as by

14 fc 15 Car. 2.

(»o

46 0.3. c. 106, and other Ada in force in Ireland.

accordingly $ and in default thereof such Makfter or Maker of Mali for Sale mall be subject and liable to such Penalties and Forfeiture* a* he would be subject to in case of any Default of paying such Duty or Duties at the time now prescribed by Law for the Payment of the same, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if such Penalties and Forfeitures were reenacted herein and made applicable to enforce the Payment of the same at the Expiration of such extended time 1 Provided always, that no Permit shall be granted for the Removal of any such Malt out of the Stock of any Makfter or Maker of Mau before all the Duties payable thereon shall have been fully paid and satisfied.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several reduced Duties and Drawbacks by this Act declared to be payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied in such manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directioss, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, paving, levying, allowing and managing any Duties or Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act few settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His MajeMy, his Heirs or 8ucceffors9 according to the Booh of Rates therein injerted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the management of the Commissioners of Custome and Port Duties, and of the Commissioet-ere of Inland Exetfe and Taxes in Ireland; or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effodually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein expressed and eaacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as ia and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, ia provided; and that all and every Ad and Ada in force in Ireland relating to the Duties of Excise on Malt, and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, matters and things therein contained, shall extend and he coastruod to extend to the raising, levying and colieding the reduced DutaV and Drawbacks by this Act declared to be payable, as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were repeal and recnaded in this Act*

Kill. And be it further enacted, That this Act Buy bf altered amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in tfof prefect Session of Parliament*

Act nay be

WGEO.IIL

c.ea

83*

CAP. LX.

An Act to authorize the transferring Stock upon which Dividends shall remain unclaimed for the Space of at lead Tea Tears at the Bank of England^ and also all Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Balances of Sums iflfued for paying the Principals of Stocks or Annuities, which shall not have been demanded for the Oune Period, to the Comnwfikwers for the Reduction of the National Debt*

[20th Jumt 1816.]

WHEREAS it is just and expedient that all Capital Stock in respect of which any Annuities constituting aay Part

of the National Debt are payable > at the Bank of England* and 4 upon or in respect of which the Dividends shall be due and remain 4 unclaimed for the Space of at least Ten Years, and also all Lot*

4 tery Prizes or Benefits, and Balances of Sums issued for paying

the Principals of Stocks or Annuities, which shall not have been

demanded for the same Period, should be transferred to the Com*

snissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, under certain ' Restrictions and Regulations, for the Public ServiceBe it therefore eoafted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That immediately and from time to time after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all the Capital Stock in respect of which any Annuities constituting any Part of the National Debt are payable at the Bank of England^ and also the Annuities for Years, commonly called Long Annuities, and other terminable Annuities, and upon which or in respect whereof no Dividends shall have been demanded for the Period of Ten Years or upwards preceding the last Day upon which any Dividend upon any such Stock or Annuities shall have become due or payable (except where the Payment of any such Dividends shall have been or fluin be restrained by the Order or Injunction of a Court of Equity), shall bn transferred, in manner hereinafter mentioned, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* from the Account or Accounts, Name or Names, in which the same is and (lands in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* unto a new and (eparate Account to be raised in the Names of the Commissioners for the time being for the Reduction of the National Debt; and immediately after such Transfer, the Name or Names in which such Stock flood immediately previous to such Transfer, and the Residence and Description of the Parties, the Amount transferred, and the Dates of such Transfers, shall be entered upon a List to be kept at the Bank for that Purpose, which Lift shall be open for Inspection at the usual Hours of Transfer at the Bank.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Transfers to be made in purfuanoe of this Act shaft be made and signed by the Accountant General or the Secretary of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Esxland for the rime being, and shall be as food, valid and ef* fe&usl, to all Intents and Purposes, as if signed by the Party or

Parties

All Stock epos which Dividend* have remained

unclaimed for Ten Yem, to be transferred to the Commission-eisfor the Reduction of the National Debt.

Lift of Parties ia whole Names Stock flood open for Inspection.

Transfers to be made by Accountant Gene* ral or Secretary of the Bank of England, who are indemnified*

C.60.

56 GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Duplicate Regif-ter of Tnnifer* kept in Office of Commissioners.

Dividends on such Stocks in* veiled from time to time, to accumulate for Benefit of Parties, or, if they do not claim, for the Public Service.

Bank of England empowered to direct Transfers to any Person eftthlKhing a Claim to any such Stock, and pay the Dividends thereon.

Claim Hated by

Petition.

Parties in whole Name or Names the Stock or Annuities so transferred shall it and at the time of such Transfer; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and the said Accountant General and Secretary of the said Governor and Company, shall be and they are hereby indemnified and saved harmlefa for making and executing all such Transfers under and by virtue of this Alt, and shall not be in any manner responsible or accountable to the Person or Persons entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Stock or Annuities which shall be so transferred, or to his, her or their Executors or Administrators, or to any other Person claiming by, from or under him, her, them or any of them, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever having or claiming any Intereit whatsoever therein.

III. And be it farther enacted, Thgtt a Duplicate Register of the Lift so made and kept at the Bank of England, of all such. Transfers as aforesaid, shall be kept in the Office of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in which an Entry shall be made of every such Transfer, immediately after the same shall have been made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Dividends upon the Capital Stock or Annuities so transferred shall from the respective times of the Transfer thereof, and all Lottery Prizes or Benefits which shall have remained unclaimed Ten Years and upwards, and all Balances of Sums issued for paying the Principals of Stocks and Annuities which shall not have been demanded for the same Period, be paid to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the time being, and shall be from time to time invested by the said Commissioners in the Purchase of other like Capital Stock, to be placed to a separate Account, which shall be called " The Account of Unclaimed Dividends, " and so from time to time as such Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, Principals of Stocks and Annuities become due and can be so invested; and all such Dividends, and the Capital Stock arising from the Investment thereof as aforesaid, shall be held by the said Commissioners for the Public, subject nevertheless to such Claims as may thereafter be made by the respective Parties entitled thereto, of such Stock, and of the Dividends due thereon.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England for the time being, to authorize and direct the Accountant General or Secretary of the said Governor and Company for the time being, to retransfer any such Capital Stock to any Person or Persons who shall shew, to the Satisfaction of such Governor or Deputy Governor, his, her or their Right or Title thereto, and to pay the Dividends due thereon; and also to pay any such Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities as aforesaid, as if the same had not beep transferred or paid to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; but in case the said Governor or Deputy Governor shall not be satisfied of the Justice or Legality of any Claim or Claims which shall be made to any Stock, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock or Annuities, so transferred or paid to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, then and in every such case the Claimant or Claimants shall and may, by Petition in a summary Way, date and vprify his, her or their Claim to such Stock, Lottery Prizes or Benefits fend Principal*

A.D. 1816,

56° GEO. III.

C.60.

837

pals of Stock or Annuities, to the High Court of Chancery or to the Court of Exchequer, and a Copy of every such Petition shall be Copy of such served upon His Majesty's Attorney General for the time being, and Petition served also upon the Commimoners for the Reduction of the National »Attorney Debt; and the Court to which such Petition shall be presented shall ^eneril, »c* and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Order thereon, either for the Transfer of the Stock or Annuities to which such Petition shall relate or refer, and for Payment of the Dividends which shall have accrued or become due and payable thereon, or for Payment of such Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities as aforesaid, or otherwise relating thereto, and to the CoiU of such Application, as to such Court respectively shall appear to be just; and all Costs and Expences which shall be in- Costs of Attor-curred by or on behalf of His Majesty's Attorney General or the said n*y General, Commtffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in refilling or &c*bow appearing upon every such Petition (if not* ordered by the Court to whom the Application shall be made to be paid out of the Stock or Annuities and the Dividends thereby claimed) shall be paid by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, out of the Dividends or Annuities to be received by them under or by virtue of this Act, and which shall not be claimed; and in case where any Transfer or Payment shall be made to any such Claimant or Claimants as aforesaid, either with or without the Authority of either of the said Courts, the said Governor and Company shall cause Notice to be given to the Commissioners for the Reda&fcm of the National Debt, at their Office, of every such Transfer or Payment, within Three Days from the time or making the same. #

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and De- Governor and puty Governor of the Bank of England, and the Accountant Ge- DePuly Gov«r-neral and Secretary of the said Governor and Company, shall be ^nified in" and they are hereby indemnified and saved harmless for and in respect respeitof Trans-of any Transfer or Transfers which shall be made from the Account fers made to of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for Claimant* and the time being of any such Stock or Annuities as aforesaid, and also °*

for Payment of the Dividends due thereon, and also for Payment lvl n' of any such Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons claiming such Stock,

Annuities and Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities respectively; and that in case any such'

Stock, Annuities, Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities, or the Accumulations thereof, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively shall, after the Transfer or Payment thereof, be claimed by any other Person or Persons, the said Governor and Company, or the said Governor or Deputy Governor, or the said Accountant General or Secretary respectively for the time being, acting in making such Transfer or Transfers, and in paying the Dividends on the Stock or Annuities thereby transferred, or any such Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stocks or Annuities as aforesaid, or the Accumulations thereof respectively, shall not be answerable or responsible for the same to any such new or other Claimant or Claimants, but such new or other Claimant or Claimants shall have their Recourse against the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Transfers of the said Stock or Annuities shall have been made, and the Dividends, Lottery PriAs 56 Cko. III. Z or

C. 60, 61, 62. £6° GEO. III. A.D. 1816.

or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities and Accumulations thereon respectively paid.

A Second VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if in any

Claimant prov- cafc where such new or other Claimant or Claimants a9 aforesaid shall inghu Right. have established his, her or their Right and Title to any such Stock obtai^Transfer Annuities, Dividends, or Lottery Prizes or Benefits, or Balances aa from First aforesaid, as shall have been transferred and paid to a First Claimant Claimant, Court or Claimants, and shall not be able to obtain the Transfer and Pay-of Chancery, ment thereof from such First Claimant or Claimants to whom the See. to order same shall or may have been erroneoufiy transferred and paid, then forlRedutUon*ef an^n every ca^e the said Court of Chancery or Court of Ex-National Debt chequer shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and em-to transfer such powered upon Application by Petition of such new or other Claimant Stock in their Qr Claimants, verified as such Court shall direct or require, to order the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to tnuis-e cient. to such new or other Claimant or Claimants such Sum or Sums

in Stock, and to pay him, her or them such Sum or Sums in Money as and for the Dividends, Annuities, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, or Balances as aforesaid, as to such Court (hallappear to be just; which Transfers shall be made from Stock transferred into the Names of the said Commissioners under or by virtue of this Act; and the Payment of Dividends, Annuities, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, or Balances as aforesaid, shall be made from Dividends received by such Commissioners upon such Stock transferred into their Names as aforesaid, or th£ Accumulations thereof, or from the Sale of Stock purchased with such Dividends or Accumulations, or any other Monies at the^Disposition of the said Commissioners.

CAP. LXL

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. [20th June 1816.]

[60, 000 Ticketi, "]

CAP. LXII.

An Act for erecting an Harbour for Ships to the Eastward of Dunleary, within the Port of Dublin. [20th June 1816.]

WHEREAS the Erection of an Asylum Harbour, or Place

< of Refuge for Ships and Vessels to the Eastward of Dun-

It ary 1 within the Port of Dublin, will be of great Advantage as«well to the Ships and Vessels trading to the said Port, as to the«Ships and Vessels of His Majesty's Navy which may be in the

Irish Channel; and will also be of great Utility to the Trade and

< Commerce between Great Britain and Ireland: And Whereaa by

55 G. 3, c. 191,virtue of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Vi. < Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to authorise the Appointment of

Commtffionersfor erecting an Harbour for Ships to the Eastivard of Dunleary, within the Port and Harbour of Dublin, certain Perfbus

were appointed and authorized by the Lord Lieutenant for the

< time being to carry the said recited Act into Execution, as, in the 1 said Act mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to provide

< for the Expence of making, improving and completing the feidL c Harbour, and for the due Application, of the same, and whatever

Sums

56« GEO. III.

C.60.

S37

U16.

SbA«Annuities, to the High Court of Chancery or to TttTExdKqoer, and a Copy of every such Petition shall be Attorney General for the time being, and Commimoners for the Reduction of the National 1 the Court to which such Petition shall be presented shall i hereby authorized and empowered to make such Order icr for the Transfer of the Stock or Annuities to which shall relate or refer, and for Payment of the Divi-(hall have accrued or become due and payable thereon, nt of such Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of ^Annuities as aforesaid, or otherwise relating thereto, and I of Inch Application, as to such Court respectively shall tto be just; and all Cods and Expences which shall be inns behalf of His Majesty's Attorney General or the said > for the Reduction of the National Debt, in refilling or m every such Petition (if not'ordered by the Court to ktSe Application shall be made to be paid out of the Stock or'the Dividends thereby claimed) shall be paid by the noers for the Reduction of the National Debt, out of for Annuities to be received by them under or by virtue ft Act, and which shall not be claimed; and in case where any At or Payment shall be made to any such Claimant or Claim-Vafbresaid, either with or without the Authority of either of 'I Coons, the said Governor and Company shall cause Notice i to the Commissioners for the Redn&ibn of the National \ it their Office, of every such Transfer or Payment, within ft Day* from the time or making the same. #

And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and De-I Governor of the Bank of England, and the Accountant Ge-fsad Secretary of the said Governor and Company, shall be tt hereby indemnified and saved harmless for and in respect J Transfer or Transfers which shall be made from the Account pCommissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for e being of any such Stock or Annuities as aforesaid, and also /meat of the Dividends due thereon, and also for Payment rfach Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and ' fas aforesaid, to any Person or Persons claiming such Stock, r and Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals and Annuities respectively; and that in case any such', Annuities, Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Prin-I of Stock and Annuities, or the Accumulations thereof, or or Parts thereof respectively shall, after the Transfer or; thereof, be claimed by any other Person or Persons, the - and Company, or the said Governor or Deputy Go-i or the said Accountant General or Secretary respectively s time being, acting in making such Transfer or Transfers, ft plying the Dividends on the Stock or Annuities thereby transfer any such Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of W Annuities as aforesaid, or the Accumulations thereof re-bf, shall not be answerable or responsible for the same to any 1 ftftt or other Claimant or Claimants, but such new or other _*Claimants shall have their Recourse against the Person f to whom such Transfer or Transfers of the said Stock or f Sail have been made, and the Dividends, Lottery Pri^s ft III. Z or

Copy of such Petition served on Attorney General, See.

Colts of Attorney General, &c. bow paid.

Governor and Deputy Governor and Officers indemnified in respe.it of Transfers made to Claimants and Payment of Dividends.

338

A Second Claimant proving his Right, and unable to obtain Transfer from First Claimant, Court of Chancery,

See. to order Commissioners for Reduttion of National Debt to transfer such Stock in their Name as shall be sufficient.

55 G. 3.C.191.*1.

C. 60, 61, 62. £6° GEO. III. A .D.

or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities and Ac ations thereon respectively paid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if case where such new or other Claimant or Claimants as aforefki have established his, her or their Right and Title to any such Annuities, Dividends, or Lottery Prizes or Benefits, or Bain aforesaid, as shall have been transferred and paid to a First Cl or Claimants, and shall not be able to obtain the Transfer anc ment thereof from such First Claimant or Claimants to whsi same shall or may have been erroneously transferred and pai and in every such case the said Court of Chancery or Courts! chequer shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and powered upon Application by Petition of such new or other Chi or Claimants, verified as such Court shall direct or require^ to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Ifc&t to t fer to such new or other Claimant or Claimants such Sam or S in Stock, and to pay him, her or them such Sum sr Sam Money as and for the Dividends, Annuities, Lottery Prims or B» fits, or Balances as aforesaid, as to such Court shallappev take j which Transfers shall be made from Stock transferred into Names of the said Commiffieners under or by virtue of tins i and the Payment of Dividends, Annuities, Lottery Prizes or 1 fits, or Balances as aforesaid, shall be made from Dividends rec by such Commissioners upon such Stock transferred into their N as aforesaid, or th4 Accumulations thereof, or from the Sal Stock purchased with such Dividends or^Vccumulatioas, or any< Monies at the^Disposition of the said Commissionerg.

> CAP. LXI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money u raised by Lotteries. [20th/sow 1S1

[60, 000 Ticket!."]

CAP. LXII.

An Act for erecting an Harbour for Ships to the Eastwar Dunleary, within the Port of Dublin. [20th June itfj

WHEREAS the Erection of an Asylum Harbour, orP

YV of Refuge for Ships and Vessels to the Eastward of

leary, within the Port of Dublin, will be of great Advantl

< well to the Ships and Vessels trading to the said Port, as

< Ships and Vessels of His Majesty's Navy which may be

Irtjb Channel; and will also be of great Utility to the Trac«Commerce between Great Britain and Ireland And Where

< virtue of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of Hu ft

< Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to authorise the Aftmtmt

Commijjtoners for erecting an Harbour for Ships to thei £ajfo<l Dunleary, within the Port and Harbour of Dublin, certain Pi

were appointed and authorized by the J^ord Lieutenant fq

time being to carry the said recited Act into Execution, as i«said Act mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to pi

< for the Expence of making, improving and completing tbi

Harbour, and for the due Application of the same, aoxfwhi

«!

C. 62.

56" GEO. III.

330

arjbegranted by Parliament, or advanced by His Majesty

I

I

b*

rt

Si.

C. 62.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.I!

HO

Form.

1C.D. do swear that I will well and faithfully, without F or Concealment, do, perform and execute the several Dut* tached to the Office of [here name the Office, ] to which I bit appointed by the Commissioners for erecting an Asylum Hsi at Dunleary, and that I Will not accept or receive, diredlyo directly, any Monies, Fees, Perquisitea or Profits, by W] Commission, Premium, Per Centage or otherwise, for or by* of the said Office or any of the Duties annexed thereunto, & reason of any Account, Contract or Payment made or to or in any way relating to the said Harbour, or any of the Ml or Works thereof, lave such Payment and CompenfaDon d| shall be paid or allowed to me by the said Commissionen: 1

Commissioners may contract.

Former Nominations of Officers good.

Commissioners may bring and defend Actions in the Name of their Secretary.

Which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is herebyauthori and required to administer; and if any such Secretary, Clerk or ol Officer, shall be guilty of any Embezzlement, Conoabreof, Fr* or other matter, contrary to the true Intent and meaning of the 0 Oath, and be thereof convicted, he shall for the said Offence faffert Pains and Penalties as for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be las

for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and < powered to contract and agree with any fit and proper Perf* Persons, Artificers, Workmen and others for the making, doing, repairing of all or any of the Quays, Piers, Walls, Ere&ions, lk and Works by this Act authorized, or directed to be done tnd| formed, or any Part thereof, or for supplying any of the Maid for the same, which Contract shall be signed by the Person orP| fons contracting or agreeing to perform such Works respefbiJ and also by Three or more of the said Commissioners, or by the j cretary to the said Commissioners, authorized by the said Cow fioners or any Three of them for that Purpose, and that did tracts which mall have been made or entered into, and aUNonn and Appointments of Engineers, Clerks, Secretary and other0 cers, which shall have been made at any Time before the pdfiaJ this A#, by or on behalf or under the Authority of the Con fioners nominated and appointed in pursuance of the said recitedJ of the Fifty fifth Year, shall be and the same are hereby dedw good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and shall bed ried into effect, and have effect in like manner, as Contracts, Noffl ations and Appointments made or to be made under the Authority this Act. I

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commifioo) may sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary for the 0 being, by the Style and Title of Secretary to the Commissiosen I Dunleary Harbour, and that all Actions, Suits, Proftcum 1 formations, Appeals and other Proceedings whatsoever, that ml be necessary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of any I nalty or Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Act, to had, taken, prosecuted or defended by or against the said Comrfl fioners shall be bad, taken or prosecuted in the Name of their I cretary, and that no Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Af? or other Proceedings to be had, taken, prosecuted or defended or against the Jfaid Commissioners in the Name of their Secrrta| shall abate kor be discontinued by the Death, Sufpcafion orR«w

D. 191&

56" GEO. III.

C. 62.

^W&crrtary, or by any Act or Default of such Secretary, done ^Mbei without the Conlent or DireAion of the said Commissioners, Secretary for the Time being shall be always deemed the EProfecutor, Informant, Appellant, Defendant or Respondent |rfuch Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other "ngs, (as the case may be, ) except in such AAion or Ac-it or Suits, as shall be prosecuted between the said Com-\ and their Secretary for the time being, in which AAion or r One of the said Commissioners shall or may be Plaintiff or it (as the case may be} r Provided always, that every such y, is whose Name any such AAion, Suit, Prosecution, In-Appeal or other Proceeding shall be bad, taken, profe-r defended in pursuance of this or the said recited A A, shall p rembursed, and paid out of the Monies applicable to the of this Act, all such Cods, Charges, Damages and Ex-i by the Events, or in consequence of any such AAion, Suit, ion, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings, he or they 1 pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with r liable for, or be fairly entitled to, by reason of his or their being)made Plamtiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Informant lafaruBBts, Appellant or Appellants, Respondent or Respond-H as aforrfiid, unless such AAion or Suit shall arifc in consequence f his own wilful Neglect or Default, or have been brought or com* Ineed, or be defended without the Order of the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, they are hereby authorized and empowered* to proceed in the king, improving and completing the said Harbour, and in the [mldng toad completing a Road and Quay along the Beach and Shore jweftward of the said Harbour, and also to make such other per-y. and temporary Roads to the said Harbour as they shall think tand Becedarj for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Harbour, r for the Conveyance of Materials thereto, or to any of the said Porks connected therewith as aforesaid, and also to make and ttantaui Reservoirs for supplying with Water all Shipping and rVefeb as may resort to the said Harbour; and that for the Ptirposes this Act, all Quays, Piers, Buildings, Erections and Works rer, heretofore made, ereAcd or built in the whole or in at any time before the passing of this Act, and all Ground, Laud, Rocks, Stones and Materials applied to such Pur* ? poles at, in or near Dunleary aforesaid, by the Public or out of r.£he Public Money, or under the Authority of any Parliamentary 'Grant, or any A A heretofore made, and all Roads, Piers, Quays, 'EieAsons and Buildings whatsoever, which shall or may be made, ended or built at any time after the passing of this Act, and all.Ground applied to such Purposes under the Authority of this Act, Of of the Commissioners hereby appointed; and also all such Land m& Ground, Rock or Soil, Stones and Sand within the said Har* hour, as is or are overflowed by the Tide of the Sea, fliafl be and tie fan* are hereby veiled in the said Commissioners for the Purposes tftiuA a, until the said Harbour and all such Works as aforesaid fcA V fully completed by and under the said Commissioners, an4 fewa ad after the time when the said Commissioners shall deem the Ercffin, Completion and Improvement of the said Harbour, and a# such other Works as aforesaid completed, testified by their Re-Z 3 presentation

twlatibevrr.

rfltnnd.

3*1

Death Sec. of Secretary no Abatement of Adiua, 4ic.

Secretary reirn* bursed Ex pence 3 of Ad ion.

ComraHtionen empowered to execute this Act.

Making Roads, Stc.

3*2

C.tt,

Roads,c. veiled in Corporation for Improving For. of Dublin.

Lands may be entered to make Survey and set out Land for Works, making Satisfaction for Damage.

Powers to Commissioners to enter Lands, and take Materials for Harbour and Works.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1I

pjsfjpntatiop po that EfFc€t to the Lord Lieutenant or other 0 Governor pr Governors for tbp tine being, all the bid Harbof eroded, completed and improved, and all Roads, Piers, Works, and other Erp&ions and Buildings so heretofore n which hereafter shall bp made, erp&ed or built under the Ai of this Act, or of the Commissioners appointed under this A( the Ground and Soil on which the same are or shall be eref built, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be from forth vetted, and shall be and remain from thenceforth vested^ Corporation fqr the preferring and improving the Port of B all the Powers by this Act or any other Act given to or in the Commissiopers for the Execution of this Act, shall be thenceforth vested in and executed by the said Corporation, and, said Corporation shall from thenceforth out of the Funds.the said Corporation for the Purpose of preferring and impro4f( the fort of Dublin, maintain, fapport and keep up the hid tig bout, and all the Roads, Quays, Works, Erections and buidaj belonging thereunto, and so becoming vested in them under tkdfl thority of this Act, in like roanney as they do the other Wads offi: laid Corporation within the Port and Harbour of Dublin. J

VII. And be it further eoacted, That it shall and may be lit to and for the Agents, Workmen and Servants of the said Com iioperq, from time to time to enter upon all Lands or Grounds any Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate* or Collegiate, in, upol through which any of the Roads, Piers, Quays, Wqrkq, Ere&uxs Buildings authorized to be made undo: this Act are intended to made, in order to survey and take Levels of the same, and to set I mid ascertain such Parts thereof as the said Conunissioners (bail da pcceflary and proper for the Purposes of this Act, such Agents Servants making Satisfaction for such Damage as they (ballj thereby to the Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for the ti being, in case the lame shall exceed One Shilling Sterling.

VIII. And for the making, improving and completing the 6 Harbour, and making, using and maintaining all such Road* Wq Piers, Docks, Quays, Reforvoirs, Works, Erections and Buil^ as the said CommiiuQners shall deem necessary for that Purpose, a for the Execution of this Act according* to the Tenor and hN of the kme, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Inf for the said Commissioners, and their Agents, Servants and WoW men, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in, npoo m] through spy Lands pr Prproifes, being the Property of or befon^i ing to The King's Majesty, his Heirs or Succpflors; or ofny otlW' Pdrfbn pr Per Ions, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, ana (ituate within Three Miles of the said Harbour, (not bang with*. Three hundred Yards of any capital Mansion House, nor within »y Plantation, Avpnue, pleasure Ground, or Garden attached to say capital Manfton Hpuse, planted, made or formed before thejsfog pT this A§, 01 " ^7 Deer Park inclosed with a Wall, prior to tlx puffing of this A&» and actually occupied at the time with Deer, \ to miter and'to quarry, dig, remove, take and carry away all such Stone, Lime&ou; Gravel, Sand or any other Materials, (Wing Timber oply e^pted, ) in, out of, upon and from such Iinds Grounds, as may be necessary, and convenient to be employed hr tw Purpose of this AS, and also to place, lay, work ot manu&fture au

t* such

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III;

C.61

315

and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of me the said A. B.

to and in the same, and every Part thereof, to hold the same unto

the said Commissioners and their Successors for ever, by virtue of c and according to the true Intent and Meaning, and for the Purposes

of the said Act of Parliament. In WitneS whereof I have here-

4 unto set my Hand this Day of in the

Year of our Lord .*

And that such Conveyance in the Form aforesaid, or any other Form to the same Effest, mall be good and effectual in Law and Equity to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to convey and vefl in the said Commissioners all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the Person and Persons so conveying, and shall be good and effectual against them, their Heirs and Successors (as the case may be).

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners In Default of by reason of Nonage, Coverture, Intail, Insanity or other legal Im- Agreement Jury pediment in the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any himmoned to Land or Premises, used or required for the Purposes of this Act, or fa uc ame* from any other Cause or Reason cannot or shall not agree with the Owners and Occupiers of such Land or Premises as aforesaid, relative to the Purchase of any such Land or Premises, or relative to any Satisfaction or Compensation for Damages to such Land or Premises, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for said Commissioners, or any Three of them, (not being interested in the

Sueftion to be determined by being entitled to any Sum or Sums of [oney, claimed to be paid for such Land and Premises, or Damages respectively, or any Part thereof, ) from time time, to issue a War- Sheriff to im-rant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, P*nnel a Jury, to the Sheriffs of the County of Dublin, thereby commanding such Sheriff to impannel and return a competent Number of substantial and dHinterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Thirty fix, nor more than Sixty; and such Sheriff is hereby authorized and required to impannel and return such Jury and Juries from time to time accordingly, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Penalty. Default in so doing, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, by such Commissioners or their Secretary, or in default by them, then by any Person who shall sue for lame in any Court of Record; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled and returned, a Jury of Twelve Persons shall be drawn by some Person to be named by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them as aforesaid, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Four Courts in Dublin, by an Act made in Ireland 39 G.a. (1.) in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Kang George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are directed to be drawn, which Persons so to be impannelied, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them as aforesaid, at such time and Place, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Commissioners until discharged by the said Commissioners; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array j and the said Commissioners, or any Commissioners Three of them, (not being interested as aforesaid, ) are hereby autho- may fall and rized and empowered by Precept or Precepts, Summons or Sum-

monfes,

C. 62.

56 GEO. III.

A.D. 1

heritors of Ground required for Purposes of Act.

Difchtrges for Compensation.

Expence of Conveyance hoir defrayed.

Form of Conveyance.

agree with all and every or any Person or Persons, Bodies F or Corporate, who is, are or may be the Inheritor or Inber Occupier or Occupiers of any Land or Premises required so Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase of. such Land or Pta or relative to and concerning any Compensation or Satii^ which any such Person or Persons may claim or demand for Damage or Damages which he, (he or they may suffer or fultf reason of the Execution of this Act; and it shall and may m ful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corptff Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Tenants in Tad, fl tees and Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, AdmiaiM and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for or on bdal themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for or on befall their several Ceftuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lt tics. Idiots, married Women, or other Person or Vtrfoas, a ad and for all married Women who are or shall be feiftd, poMcdl or iuterefted in any Lands used or required for the Purpofa I this Act, whether entitled in Fee Simple, Fee Tail or otherwise, contract and agree for, and to sell and convey unto the fold Cot missioners, or to such Persons as they shall nominate and appo] for the Purposes of this Act, all or any Part of any Lands or F mises which shall from time to time be used or required (or I Purposes of this Act, and also to claim and demand, and to cood and agree with the said Commissioners for any Compenfatioij Satisfaction, for any Damage or Damages which such Body Ftl or Corporate, or Person or Persons, or his or their Lands or Praa may respectively suffer by reason of the Execution of this M and in case such Treaty or Treaties shall end in an Agreement Agreements, it shall and may be lawful to and for the {aidCfl missioners to take and accept of a Conveyance or Conveyances such Lands or Premises as they shall purchase from such Fed or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any of da and to take and accept of a Release or Releases, Discharge orfl charges, for such Satisfaction or Compensation as aforesaid, whk Conveyance or Conveyances, Release or Releases, Discharge or Di charges, shall be binding and conclusive to and upon the Perfo» c Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, executing the line and all Persons claiming under them, and all Bodies Polities Corporate or Collegiate; and all Persons whomsoever so contnftaj and agreeing are hereby indemnified for what they or any of tha shall respectively do by virtue of or in -purfuance of this Act and the Expence of all such Contracts, Agreements, Saks, Coo veyances and Assurances, shall be defrayed out of the Money grantw for the Purposes of this Act; and such of them as shall be made for the conveying of any Lands or Premises to the CommiUkwn shall be made according to the following Form, or some other Form to the like Effest; (that is to say)

T A. B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

to me paid by the Commissionm

appointed to carry into Execution an Act passed in the Fifty sixth

Year of the Reign of His preferit Majesty, intituled An Act fir' 4 ereBing an Harbour for Shits to the Eqftward of Dunleary, within 4 the Port of Dublin, do hereby grant, convey and dispose to the said

Commissioners all [deferring the Lands or Prmrfcs to be

and

L 1816.

56° GEO. lit

315

C. 62.

ad all deslate, Right, Tide and Interest of methe said A* B. owdaththme, and every Part thereof, to hold the same unto lelaiCoaiDliifioners and their Successors for ever, by virtue of ilflBEBnfiag to the true Intent and Meaning, and for the Purposes fit ted Act of Parliament. In Witnela whereof I have here-mfa my Hand this Day of in the

a of our Lord '

(that such Conveyance in the Form aforesaid, or any other Form e Came Effest, shall be good and efleftual in Law and Equity d Intents and Purposes what foe ver, to convey and vest in the Conumfioners all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the [on z&d Persons so conveying, and shall be good and effectual inst them, their Heirs and Successors (as the case may be).

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioneri In Default of rafra of Nonage, Coverture, Intail, Insanity or other legal Im- Agreement Jury fmect in the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any fumoned to »d or Premises, used or required for the Purposes of this Act, or f* uc ame' n any other Cause or Reason cannot or shall

wen and Occupiers of such Land or Premifei

e to the Pnrchafe of any such Land or Premises, or relative to

y Satufaftao or Compensation for Damages to such Land or Pre-

les, theoandin such case it shall and may be lawful for said Com-

f&oeers, or any Three of them, (not being interested in the

teftxm to be determined by being entitled to any Sum or Sums of

taey, claimed to be paid for such Land and Premises, or Damages

yetdvdy, or any Part thereof, ) from time time, to issue a War- Sheriff to im-

at or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, pannel a Jury.

> the Shafts the County of Dublin, thereby commanding such

Sheriff to impanel and return a competent Number of substantial 3d dtfintermed Persons qualified to lerve on Jnries, not less than Tarty fix, nor more than Sixty; and such Sheriff is hereby authored and required to impannel and return such Jury and Juries from ne to tone accordingly, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Penalty, riaok in so doing, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint r Information, by such Commissioners or their Secretary, or in derail by them, then by any Person who shall sue for lame in any ourt of Record; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled d returned, a Jury of Twelve Persons shall be drawn by some Peril to be named by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them aforesaid, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in is Majesty's Four Courts in Dublin, by an Act made in Ireland 29 G.». (I.) the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King fog George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation'Jaruj, are directed to be drawn, which Persons so to be im-aimtlkd, (ummoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required 1 come and appear before the said Commissioners, or any Three of ixm as aforesaid, at such time and Place, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Commissioners until discharged by the said Com-imfiwm; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful ChaSeagei against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to craflenge the Array; and the said Commissioners, or any Commissioners Three of them, (not being interested as aforesaid, ) are hereby autho- may call and sized and empowered by Precept or Precepts, Summons or Sum- cx*Pine Wit-

3*6

C. 62,

56° GEO. III.

Commissioners empowered to administer Oithf

Judgment by CommiRioneis for Money awarded. Notice of Fir (I Meeting of Jury.

Judgment biocU ing.

A.D

monies, from time to tine as Occasion Audi require, to call them and the said Jury all and every Person and Persons w ever who shall be thought proper and necessary to be exam Witnesses before them and the said Jury, on their Oath or < touching and concerning the Premifet; and the said Coramifi or any Three of them, if they shall think fit, shall and may ant the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question, in such ner at they shall direct, and shall have Power to adjourn fuckj ing from day to day as Occasion fhdl require, and to comma! Jury upon their Oaths, (which Oaths, as also the Oaths w Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the*Comraissioners, or any One of them, not being interested as afoo are and is hereby empowered and required to administer, ) ffcd quire of the Value of such Ground and Premifea as Audi requi be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, and of the jvfpc\ Estate, Right, Title, Term and Interest of every Feribo or Pfer/ Body or Bodies Politic, and Corporate, seised or poSdU then or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof; aid aMo w Compeofation or Satisfaction, if any, shall be awarded and pad any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, any Damage or Damages, which he or they or any of them consequently or otherwise Suffer or sustain, or have fuffeTed or tamed, by any Ad, matter or thing done in the Executm this Act; and shall afiefs and award the Sum or Sums to be to every such Person or Persons, for the Purchase of such her or their reljpedive Estates, Rights, Titles, Terms and lose as aforesaid, or for any such Damage or Damages as aforesaid; the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, (not being inter as aforesaid, J shall and may give Judgment for such Sum or & of Money so to be assessed and awarded, which laid Venbfi Verdicts, and the said Judgment and Determination them)

iNotice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons, Bod] todies Politic or Corporate, interested at least Fourteen Days be the time of the First Meeting of the said Jury, declaring the I and Place of the Meeting, by leaving such Notice at the Duel House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual F! or Places of Abode, if then resident within Ireland, and if not, tl with the known Agent or Receiver of the Rents of such Bast as shall he then absent from Ireland\ or if a Body Politic or Q porate, then with the ostensible or waiting Officer of such Bo Politio or Corporate, ) shall be binding and conclusive to all I ate and Purposes whatsoever, against al) and every Person or Pols Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, claiming any Estate, Rig Title* Trust, Use or Interect, in, to or out of any*such Laud Premisea, either in Possessipn, Reversion* Remainder or Expecbst qs well Infants and I flue unborn. Lunatics, . Idiots and Fcnu Coverts, and Persons under an j legal Incapacity or Dilability, v\ aR other Ceftuique Trusts, his* her and their Heirs* SaccdTor Executors and Administrator % and against; all other Pec&m who: fjoeverand. the said Verdicts, Judgments and Decrees, tad other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries to be nm given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parc menL and signad by the said Coom^ffippess* wfo shall pronoun foeb. Judgment.

XII. An

$6* QE0. III.

S*7

XII. Ai>4 be h further ca*&ed, That when the Value of any Land or Premises, or the Recorapenct for any Damage done or to be d°°* hi any Land or Premifei, shall be lubmitted to a Jury, such Land or Premises, and the Damage done thereto, shall be valued by such Jury with respect to the actual State, Situation and Value of such Lands and Premises, in like manner a# if the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year or this Act had not been made, and not according to the additional Value which such Land or Premifei shall or may acquire, or be supposed to acquire, by the making, improving and completing of the said Harbour, or by any future Improvements to be made or which might be made in such Land or Premifei in consequence of such Harbour, or the Expenditure which Stall be laid out fqr the Purposes of this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cafei where a Verdict or Afiefiment shall be given or made for more Money, at 0 Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands or Premises, or for any Satisfaction done or to be done to the same than had been previouOy offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, all the Expencei of summoning such Jury, and of taking such Inquest, shall be de* frayed by the said Commissioners out of the Fund provided by this Act; but if any Verdict or Affeflinent shall be given or made for no more or for a left Sum than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, then and in every such cast the Cods and Expencei of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be borne and paid by the Party to whom such Offer was previoully made by such Commissioners: Provided always, that when by reason of Aufence, or any Incapacity as aforesaid, any Person or Persons shall be prevented from treating with the bid Commissioners, all the Costs and Expeaces of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners out of the said Funds.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Persona making Complaints, and requesting such Jury for the ascertaining the Value of any Lands or Premises, or the Amount of any Recompence or Satisfaction for any Damage done or to be done to the same, shall, before the said Sheriff shall be obliged to summon such Jury, first enter into a Bond, with Two Sureties, to the Secretary or Clerk of the said Commissioners for the time being, in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds Sterling, to prosecute his, her, or theirComplaint, and to bear and pay & Colts and Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Inquest, in case a Verdi6t shall be given for no more or a left Sum than had been offered by or on behalf of the said Commissionera, before summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, as the Value, or as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands or Premises, or for any Damage as aforesaid: Provided always, that if the Person so requesting such Jury shall refuse to enter into such Bond as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissionero under this Act to require such Jury to be summoned, and the same shall be summoned accordingly by the Sheriff, and the Expence of summoning such Jury, and of taking the In* quest by them, fluff be defrayed in manner and under the Regular turns hereinbefore provided, mentioned and contained.

XV. And-be it further eoa6ted. That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded or adjudged to the Person or

Persons

fury shall valus Ground according to ita actual State.

Expences of Juries how paid.

Persons requesting a Jury to enter into a Bond to prosecute.

Expence of summoning Jury how pa^d.

Upon Payment of Sums to awarded. Con-

348

veyances dull be made of said Ground to Commissioners.

f Sic.

Such Verdi A* entered in the Rolls Office of Court of Chancer)*, and Copies thereof deemed Evidence in all Courts, and on Payment to Owners or into Chancery.

Premies thenceforth veiled in Commissioneri.

Conveyances as aforesaid of Ettate, &c. effectual.

C.62. 56° GEO. III. 41

Persons to whom the same shall be awarded, for the Purcl such Ground or Premises as aforesaid, or for the Purcl Estate, Right, Title, Term or Interest therein, fetch Perl fona shall make, execute or pitocure to be made and exec veyances to the said Commissioners of such Ground and aforesaid, or of such Estate, Right, Title, Term or'which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so aware Form hereinbefore set forth, or some other Form to the fe and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such 0 Affignmenta and Assurances, and shall do all Acts, matters necessary and requisite to make a good, clear and perse the said Commissioners; and such Person or Persons, Bod] Politic or Corporate, to whom any Sum or Suras of M be awarded by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for Damages as aforesaid, shall give and perfect to the said floners a full and sufficient Release, Acquittance and'Difclial all Claims and Demands for or on account of all Damages fl f Sum shall be awarded as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Ver^ ments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Procwk said Commissioners and Juries, as relate to or concern th aforesaid, shall be entered in the Rolls Office of the fan) Chancery, and the same or true Copies thereof shall be d| taken to be good and sufficient Evidence and Proof in I or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever, and immedutl Entry of such Verdi As, Judgments, Sentences, Deeres and other Proceedings of the said Commissionm and Jurii said, and on Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money agi adjudged or awarded, either for the Purchase of any Lai mises, or as a Satisfaction or Compensation for any Dl the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Ground or Premises. Person or Persons who shall be entitled to receive such i on Payment of which Money, respecting which any I Disputes or Differences shall arise, into the Bank of, manner and for the Purposes herein mentioned, all the Efta Title, Term, Interect, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and I Lay and Equity, of the Person or Persons to whom or Use such Money shall be paid as aforesaid, into and Ground and Premises which shall be so purchased, (ha and be vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of and the said Commissioners shall be deemed in Law to actual Possession of such, to all Intents and Purposes wl and all and every Person or Persons, Body and Bodies PI Corporate, to whom any such Satisfaction and Compel aforesaid shall be awarded, shall from thenceforth be for el from claiming any further or other Satisfaction or Con whatsoever, for any Damage which they or any of them & by the mean9 aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Convryinct! said Commissioners of any such Estate and Interest of any Covert, in or to any such Ground or Premises as aforesaid, by veyance in the Form hereinbefore directed and nreferibed, a* rolled within Six Calendar Months in any of His Majesty'* Courts in Dublin^ shall as effectually and absolutely convey the 1

56° GEO. III.

C.62.

349

and Interest of such Femes Coverts in the Premises as any Fine or Fiues, Recovery or Recoveries, should or could do if levied or fuf-fered in due Form of Law; and further, that all Conveyances to be made in the Form hereinbefore directed and prescribed, or any other Form to the same Effect, and enrolled as hereinbefore mentioned, of any Ground or Premises which shall be purchased by the said Commissioners by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, shall have the like Force, Effect and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have if levied or suffered by the Bargainor or Bargainors, or any Person seised of any Estate in the Premises in Trust, for or to the Use of such Bargainor or Bargainors in any legal manner and Form whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers and for the Purposes of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or Person or persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or seised or possessed of only a particular or determinable Estate or Interest therein, such Money shall, in case the same amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other IncumbrancdB, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, aifeding the same Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such .of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect, and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made the said Money shall by Oader of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be vested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase ot some of the Government Securities transferrable at the Bank of Ireland; and in the meantime, and until the said Government Securities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Government Securities shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments so hereby dire died to be purchased, iu case such Purch % fe or Settlement were made.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Incapacity or Disability as aforesaid, shall* be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds,

then

Application of Compensation Money when exceeding 200I.

Application when Com pen-fation is less than 200I. and exceeds 20L

650

C. 62.

66° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Application where Money is lei's than zoL

In case of not making out Title.

Or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money paid into Bank, subject to Order of Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

then and in such case the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons fat the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in c4fe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing unde* their respectivd Hands, be paid into the find Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the said High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as dforesaid, in order to be applied in the manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be dominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the ComtnifGoners for executing this Act, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends anfing therefrom, may be applied m manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the same may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to he paid as last before mentioned shall he less than Twenty* Pounds, then atod in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said CoimAissioners for executing this Act shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians* Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXI. And be it farther enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be ft> ordered to be paid as aforefihd, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or such Release, Acquittance or Difchafge as is required by this Act s or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found; ot in case it shall not satisfactorfly appear to the said Commissioner* what such Shares and Proportions of any Put chafe Money or Recommence for Damages ought t6 be paid of allowed to any Tenant or other Person having a particular Estate, Terth or InterCft in any Pfemifes; or if the Person or Persons entitled to any Lands, Tenements' or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall and iriaV be lawful for the said Coirauiflsorters, or any Three or more of them, to order the? feid Sum or Sums of Money so awarded to be paid into the Bank of Ireland^ hr the Name ami with the PrWty of die Accountant Generall of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interestedin the find Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (defenbing them), subject to the Order, Control and Disposition of the fidd Court of Chancery, which fold Gourt, on* the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to any such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motioir or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered hr a* summary Way of Proceeding, or other wise, as to

the

56° GEO. III;

C. 6&.

351

the hud Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in Government Securities, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Intertft thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates. Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpedfying for what and for whole Use the same is or ire received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfoance of this Alt, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in purfoance of this Act, or to any Government Securities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interests of any such Government Securities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons cUnpiing under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court .of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Government Securities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Government Securities shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that foxne other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to same Estate or Interest therein.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money of the same fhatt be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the like IJfes in purfoance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expeaces of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the fait! Court shall dire ft.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wik fully obftvuft, molest or hinder any Surveyor, Engineer, Workman or Labourer employed by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in the Performance of his, her or their Duty or Employment, in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pound*; and if any Pferfon shall wilfully, and to the Prejudice of the

said

Where any Question shall' arise touching Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands at the time of such Purchase shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Pofl^flion.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by CommiQionen,

Damaging the Works or ob-ftrufling the Execution of Act.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

352 C. 62*

Felony.

Stealing Ropes, Materials, Tools, flee.

Penalty.

Default of Payment.

imprisonment.

Duties granted according to Schedule annexed.

I

said Harbour, break, throw down, destroy or in any wise damage or injure any Pier, Dock, Quay, Reservoir, Erection, Machine, Building, Road, Rail Way or other Work whatever heretofore erected or made, or hereafter to be erected or made, by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, or shall obffruct, hinder or divert the Course of any Stream of Water which at any time before the passing of this Act ran or flowed into the Sea at the said Harbour, other than as shall be done by or under the Directions of the said Commissioners, or shall do any other wilful Hurt or Mischief to obffruct, hinder or prevent the carrying on, completing, supporting, improving and maintaining of the said Harbour, or of any Water or other Works erected under this Act, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be fabject to the like Pains and Penalties as in cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Law of Ireland, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such lesser Punishment as to such Court shall seem proper.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, if That any Person or Persons shall (teal, or fraudulently or unlawfully take from on Board any Ship, Wherry, Boat or other Vessel lying within the present Harbour of Dunleary, or within the said intended Asylum Harbour, or from or upon the Piers, Quays, Roads or Ways leading to or belonging to the said Harbours, or either or any of them, any Rope, Cable, Anchor, Oar, Spar or any Tackling, Ne« cessary or Material belonging to any such Ship, Wherry, Boat or other Vessel, or any of the Furniture, Cargo or Property*belonging to or on Board such Ships or Veffeis, or any Goods or Property of any Person or Persons whatsoever, which may be lying at, upon or along such Piers, Quays, Roads or Ways, or any of them, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, or shall Ileal or unlawfully take as aforesaid any of the Tools, Implements, Materials or other Goods, Chattels or Property used or intended to be used in the said Asylum Harbour or the Works connected therewith, or belonging thereto, or to the said Commissioners, or to any other Person for the Use of the said Works, that then and in such case the Person or Persons so offending shall, upon Conviction before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Dublin, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party, or upon Conviction before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, in manner aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Forty Shillings, in the Discretion of such Justice or Commissioners; and in default of Payment thereof, immediately upon said Conviction, then it shall be lawful for'the said Justice or Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, or Common Jail of the County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time or term not exceeding Six Months, at the Discretion of such Justice or Commissioners.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid upon or in respect of Ships, Veffeis or other Bottoms coming into the Port or Harbour of

Dublin*

363

m

56° GEO. III.

0.6&.

trfqon and in Tefpeft of the several Persons, matterrand'foecifted and set forth in'the Schedule to this the fcrtral Duties and Sums of Money mentioned, set forth in the Words and Figures of the said Sche-i; - to all other Duties of Customs payable on or in such Ships or Vessels, or such Persons, matters or things, under any other Act or A 61s in force in Ireland. Prodded always, and be it enacted, That nothing in contained shall extend, or be conftraed to extend to any ^TdUs belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, " o» may be employed in His Majesty'g Service, or in the tYb& Office, Excise or Customs.

And be it further enacted, That the several Duties: sad the Schedule thereto annexed granted on Ships or lidpe& of the Tonnage thereof, or by Way of Slippage or .or Anchorage, and upon Entries, Invoices, Outvoices, Bills or Health, Bonds, Certificates, Affidavits of Licences to navigate, Debenture and Drawback Papers,shall be levied, collected and received, over and above now payable thereon, by the Collector or other of Customs in the Port of Dublin, find that the said mi Comptroliers, Receiver of Entries, Surveyors or Waiters and all other Officers of the Customs whatever .fkae being, or their respective Deputies or Clerks at the said Harbour of Dublin, mall not after the Commencement ofby this Act granted, take or receive any Entry or Cocket, 1Ksovge or Clearance, or take any Report outward for t m Vrifi liable or subject to the said Duties, until all the shall be paid pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to the of the Coftotns in the said Port of Dublin, nor until the arOiraer of any Ship or Vessel, subject to the Payment of At had Duties, shall shew and produce a Receipt for all such accordingly to the Officer required to take any such Entry, Discharge, Clearance or Report outwards as aforesaid; the said Collcdor or other cfyief Officer of the Customs in of Dublin* shall keep a feparateand distinct Account of the'of all the faifl Duties to be received by him under this Act, be Head ot " Duties applicable to Dunleary Harbour ;

: the find Duties shall once in every Week be accounted for find Collector or other. Chief Officer, and shall by him be paid ttoe to time, in like manner as other Duties of Custom, to the> General of His Majesty^s Revenue, to be by him paid into " of His Jdajesty'a Exchequer of Ireland to be applied to of this Act, in manner and according to the Regulations mentioned.

And be it further enacted, That for carrying into Exe-tbe several Purposes of this Act, and the Erection and Com-rf the said A1 fylum Harbour, and for therProteftion of the is until they shall be completed and finished, and also of all to be used therein, and for the Punishment of all Persons of say Trespass or Injury to the said Works and Materials, ^.^Terfon^ heretofore appointed, or who hereafter may be griatedtommirnoners for the Purposes oF thi9 Act, in manner BtttibefoR mentioned, shall for the Purpose of carrying this Act 56Geo.HI. A a into

Exemption of His Majesty's Ships.

Dudes of Ton* nage on Ships, end on Entries See. received by Collector of Dublin Port, end paid into Tree* fury for the Purposes of Act.

Collector to keep separate Account of Duties.

Powers of the Commissioners.

354

C.6*.

53s GEO. III.

A Stt

T'owtit of

*C. 3. (I)

^o.3.(r.)

Applied to Execution of Act.

Proviib.

Lord Lieutenant may order Advances to carry into Effelt Plans approved of by him and the Treasury.

Lord Lieutenant may advance

further Sums of Money on Credit of Rates* f Sic.

into Execution hive -all such Powers and Authorities as are to or vested in tho Corporation for preferring and improvi Port of Dublin. under ana by virtue of in Act made in the Fad of Ireland\ in the Twenty sixth Year of His prefect Majesty^i intituled An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by realm fort and Harbour more commodious; and of another A ft in the Thirty fecood Year of His present Majesty'a Reign, is An Act for repcuring and preferring the Walls of the Him Liffey in the City of Dublin, and for amending am jta j Twisty sixth Year of His Majestfs Reign, intituled .

promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port as

more commodious and that all such Powers. Authorities { gulations, contained in the said recited Acts of the Twea^ and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty's Re^n# and a be applicable, requisite and necessary for the carrying Execution, shall extend and be condrued to extend and Act applied and made use of in the Execution of this Act, lif the f xnissioners for executing this Act for the time being, in r ample a manner as the said Corporation are enabled to 1 by the said recited Acts or either of them, as if the U 1 Authorities and Regulations were repeated and reenacted in I as fully to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. as far as I are or can be made applicable to the Purposes of this Act: always, that the said Commissioners for the Purposes of shall be subject to all such Rules. Orders. Regulations and T as shall from time to time be given to the said Commiflinm Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of 1 for the time being, for and relating to the Execution of this 1

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioi executing this Act shall from time to time submit all Plans. \ and E dimates which they shall think proper to be comme carried on for or towards the Erection or Completion of I Asylum Harbour, and the other Works conceded therewith i said. to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or ( of Ireland for the time being, for the Approbation of the I Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ira whenever any such Plans. Surveys and Edimates shall be so 1 of. it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant. < .Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time ' order the Lord High Treasurer. or Commissioners for exec said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to m and pay to the Commissioners for executing this Act. out 4 Consolidated Fund of Ireland, from time to tune, any Sum or of Money not exceeding the Sum of One hundred tfcoufaad J Net. to be repaid with Intered at the Rate of Five Pons Centum per Annumf out of the Rates and Duties impofiri by j Act on Ships and Ye dels entering the said Harbour.

XXXI. And be it further enacted. Th^t it shall sad 1 lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or] vernors of Ireland for the time being, to make such further Ad^ or Advances from time to time, out of the Consolidatrd F«S Ireland. towards the Completion of the said Harbour, nf. Amount of the Rates and Duties hereby imposed for the Sun thereof will be diffident to defray the Intered thereof at the 1

A.D-1816.

56° GEO. IU.

CU2,

355

of Five PoundsCentum per Annum, and a Sinking-Fund of One Pounder Centum per Annum, upon the whole Amount of such Sum or Sums as shall be so advanced.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That a separate and difiinft The Sums to he Account of all Money which shall be paid into the said Exchequer, jdvanced until on account of the said Duties, shall be kept in the said Exchequer,

and so much of the said Money as shall be sufficient to answer and Annual Inter eft, pay all Interest and Sinking Fund due at the Rate aforesaid, upon all to the Payment Sums which shall be so from time to time advanced, shall on the Fifth of which and the Day of January in every Year be carried to and made part of the 1*i{l"'d.at'on {* Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and every such Sum and Sums of DutS»maU Money, arising from the said Duties, as (nail exceed the Amount of be'pplied an-fuch Interest and Sinkihe Furid, shall in like manner be carried to and Dually, made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, towards the Discharge, Repayment and Satisfaction of the principal Sum or Sums so to be advanced, until the whole Amount of such principal Sum and Sums shall be carried to and made Part of the said Consolidated Fund, in Discharge, Repayment and full Satisfaction of all such Principal Sums to be so advanced and in Payment of the Interest and Sinking Fund thereof in the Meantime, and that when the whole of all such Principal Sums and Interest as aforesaid shall be so discharged, repaid and satisfied in manner aforesaid, all the said Duties shall cease and determine, and to be no longer levyable or payable under Authority of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Penalty and Recovery of Forfeiture imposed or to be imposed by virtue of this Act, the Fines. Levying and Recovery whereof is not particularly hereinbefore directed, shall and may be recovered on the Conviction of the Offender,

by the Oath of One credible Witness, or on his own Confession before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, or before any One Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be, and every such Fine,

Penalty and Forfeiture shall and may, in case of Nonpayment thereof, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of the Diftrds. Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Commissioners or Justice of the Peace, and such Commissioners and Justice are and is hereby authorized and required to examine Witnesses upon Oath, and to hear and determine all Complaints, touching any such Offence or Offences, and every Fine, Forfeiture and Penalty (the Application whereof is not hereinbefore particularly direCled) mall be paid into the Hands of the Secretary to the Commissioners, and shall be applied and disposed of to the Purposes of this How applied. Act, and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Distrest.

Sale, after deducting such*Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Effects so distrained j and for want of sufficient Want of Dif-Distress, or in case the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forth- »cfs. with paid, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Justice by Warrant under their or his Hand, tq commit such Offender to the Imprilboment. Common Jail or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Maioprize for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Form of Con-any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed vision.

AiS

C.fe2.

56° 0EO. IIL

A.D.M6.

against this Act, the Form of Conviction shall he in the Word* or to the Effect following; (that is to say, )

1BE it remembered, That on this Dav of

to wit. 3 in the Year of the

Keign of A. B. is convi cted before

me [or us] the Mayor, [Magistrate, or Jnflice or Justices of the Peace, ] for the of having \hereJUte the

Offence*] contrary to an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [her* insert the Title of this A& % -\ and I [or we] the said do adjudge him, [her,>r them] to \_hereAzte the Punijhment]. Given under my Hand and deal [or our Hands and deals] the iDay and Year aoove written.'

Appeal to XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it ftirfU

Qumer Ssffioni.^may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons convicted before the said Commissioners of any Offence or Offences again# this A A, to appeal to the Jaftices Of the Peace assembfed at the next Genend Quarter Sessions, or General Sessions to be holden for the said County of the City of Dublin* On giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security to the SatisfaAion of the said Commi flip nett, Magistrate pr Magistrates, Justice or Justices, for being personally tpresent at such General Quarter Sessions or General SefBons, and for prbfecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and for abiding tly^ Determination of the Court therein; and the Juilices at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required*to hear and determine the matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and either to confirm or quash or annul the said ConviAion, and to award such Cods to either of the Parties or Otherwise, as they the said Justices shall judge proper % and all such Determinations shall be final, binding and conelufive to ail Parties to all Intents and Puupofes whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no AAion or Suit shall be commenced again# any Person or Persons for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty one Days* Notice thereof in Writing shall hate been given to the said Commissioners, nor after a sufficient SatisfaAion or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the FaA committed, and every such AAion shall be brought in same One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at t)ub&n* and shall be laid in the County of Dublin and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in such AAion or Suit shall and General UTue. may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special matter in Evidence, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, and if the same shall-appear so to be done, or if such AAion or Suit shall be brought -without Twenty one Days' Notice thereof, or shall be brought1 in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient SatisfaAion made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for -the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfoittd, or fuller a Discontinuance of his, her or their AAion-or Actions, or if a VerdiA should pass again# She 'Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Dc-DoubltCofts. fendant or Defendants shall hate double Costs, and'shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant'-or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit m any other cases of Law.

XXXVII. And

Limitation of Anions.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1S1Q.

C- 02- 357

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and mar be ComnriflioDm lawful for the said Commissioners, out of the Funds appropriated for empowered t# the Purposes of this Act, to reimburse and repay all alia every Person «"aburfe.

or Perfoas who have heretofore been concerned in forwarding and carrying on the said Plan of an Asylum Harbour, for all such Loss of time. Trouble and Expenqe, as they may have from time to time been at, in furtherance of such Objest, and the Expences of obtaining and patting this Act, and to take Credit for the same in the Accounts accordingly.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be Public Act. deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

For every Foreign Ship or Vessel, or those Belonging to Foreigners, which shall enter the Port or Harbour of Dublin, a Duty on the Burthen of the said Ship or Vessel, per Ton, of

For every Ship or Vessel, or Ships and Vessels belonging to Subjects of His Majesty, which shall enter the said Port or Harbour, save those freighted with Coals, and carrying Coastways, a Duty on such Burthen, per Ton, of -For every Ship or vessel freighted with Coals, and for every Vessel coming Coastways from any Port in Ireland, which shall respectively enter the said Port or Harbour, a Duty on such Burthen, per Ton, of For all Entries Of any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, which shall be made or entered at any Custom House within the Port and Harbour of Dublin, whether such JLntry be Inwards or Outwards, for every such Entry, a Duty or For each and every Invoice, Outvoice, Coast Cocket, Crofs-Channel Cocket, General Receipt, Tobacco or any other Receipt, and Luggage Permit, which may be had, got, passed or procured at any such Custom House, a Duty of -For each and every Coast Permit and Crofs-Channel Permit, a Duty of - '

For each and every Bond, whether Inwards or Outwards, save Mailers' and Mates' Bond, a Duty of For each and every Bond called a Mailer's and Mate's Bond, a Duty of -

For Matter and Mate's Certificate, and for Certificates of Registry, on each a Duty of -For each and every Ship which shall enter the said Port and Harbour of Dublin, for Anchorage, Slippage and City Dues, a Sum or Duty of -

For each and every Bill of View, Store Note, and for the Papers called Debenture Papers and Drawback Papers, and for every Affidavit of Registry and Bill of Health, a Duty of - - - - -

For every Licence to navigate, - a Duty of - »

For every Tnuifire Certificate, a Duty of

British CuRpfcy.

£ / d %

o o 6

004

0 0 2

0X0

0 2 O

Q 2 O 0 2 0 076 076

O76

0 2 6 O IO O O 10 O

Aa 3

CAP.

A.D. 1816.

St 0.3. e. 44.

§«

Certain Protf. fioni of recited*Act repealed.

$ tipervifors may make Accommodation for 400 Male Snd 400 Female Convex, who may be confined 111 the said Penitentiary at the same time.

Committee to remain until an-ether'B ap? pointed.

Proviib.

C .63. 56* GEO.IIL

CAP. LXm.

An Act to regulate the General Penitentiary for Convicts, at Millbanky in the County of.Middlesex. [2 2d June 1816.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the Erection 4 of a Penitentiary House for the Confinement of Offenders convicted 4 within the City of London and County of M\ddlefcxy and which 1 Ad, by the Provisions thereof, was extended also to Offenders convicted in other Parts of England and Walest a Penitentiary has*been erected at Millbank> in the County of Middlesex, for the 4 Confinement and Employment of Male and Female Convids; and*the same is now completed for the Reception of a Part of the 4 Number intended to be confined therein: And Whereas under and 4 by virtue of the Powers contained in the said Act, His Majesty in 4 Council has been pleased to appoint a Committee to superintend the said Penitentiary: And Whereas the Number of Convids who may 4 be confined in the said Penitentiary may conveniently be increased, without any Enlargement of the Building; and it is therefore ' expedient that Provision should be made for that Purpose: And*Whereas it is also expedient that other and further Provisions 4 should be made, for the due Regulation of the said Penitentiary, and of the Convids to be confined therein Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That all the Provisions in the said Act contained, so far as they relate to the Number of Convids who may be confined in the said Penitentiary, and to the Confinement, Employment and Management of the Convids in the said Penitentiary, and the Establishment and Duties of Officers belonging to the same, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Supervisors appointed under the said recited Act, and they are hereby empowered, to make Accommodation in the said Penitentiary for the Confinement and Employment of Four Hundred Male and a like Number of Female Convids, making in the whole Eight Hundred Convids, ' any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any Number of Convids, not exceeding Four Hundred Male and Four Hundred Female Convids, may, with the Approbation of His Majesty'g Principal Secretary of State ' for the Home Department for the time being, be imprisoned at one and the same time in the said Prison or Penitentiary, and confined, employed and managed therein, under the Provisions of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Committee which has been nominated and appointed by His Majesty in His Privy Cpundl to superintend the said Penitentiary, shall remain and continue the Committee for that Perpose until a new Nomination or Appointment shall take place; and that it shall be lawful for His Majesty in His Privy Council from time to time to remove all or any of the Persons composing the said Committee, and to appoint others in their Stead, or in the Stead of any such as shall die or resign: Provided always, that such Committee shall not at any time confiff

of

I

56° GEO. III.

A. D. 1816.

C.6& #9

of left than Ten nor more than Twenty Persont in Number at the same time.

IV. And be it farther en&fted. That it shall and may be lawful for Committee t* such Committee, or any Three of them, to hold Meetings, and to m*ke YC make Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the afiembling of the mid Committee, and for all matters relating to the Meetings of the same, as well as for the Government of the said Penitentiary, and for receiving, separating, clafsing, dieting, clothing, maintaining, employing, reforming, managing, treating and watching the Convidt during their respective Confinement therein, ae to the said Committee shall teem just and proper; provided however that such Bye Lawsr Rules and Orders, shall not have force until they shall have been*Submitted to the Justices of His Majesfcy't Court of King's Bench, and until such Justices shall have subscribed a Declaration, that they do not fee any thing contrary to Law in the said Bye Laws, Rules and Orders, so to be made as aforesaid; and all such Bye Laws, and add to or Rules and Orders, shall be afterwards added to or altered, from time alter them, to time, as often as the said Committee shall think necessary; and such Additions and Aiterations, so far as the same relate to the employing, reforming, managing, treating and watching the Convicts in the said Penitentiary, shall aJfo in like manner be submitted to the fubmitt^d ta Justices of His Majesfcy's Court of King's Bench, and confirmed in manner aforesaid*

itmeot of ers, ft c.

V* And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Appointment of such Committee, or any Three of them, at any of their said Meetings, V*"10* to appoint any One or more of their said Members to visit the said Penitentiary, diying the Intervals between the Meetings of the said Committee, and to delegate, if they shall think fit. Power to such Visitors, or any of them, to make any Order or give any Directions in cases of pressing Emergency within the said Penitentiary, which might be made or given by the said Committee if they were fitting j provided that every such Order or Direction, together with the Circumstances by which the same was occasioned, shall be reported to the said Committee at their next Meeting.

VL And be it further enacted, That for the Regulation and Management of such Penitentiary, and previously to the Opening thereof for the Reception of Convids, there shall be elected and appointed by the said Committee, a Governor, a Chaplain, a Secretary and Examiner of Accounts, a Surgeon or Apothecary, a Master Manufacturer, a Steward, and also for that Portion of the Penitentiary set apart for Female ConviCts, a Matron, together with such Taskmasters Matron for Fe-and other Officers and Servants, as the said Committee, with the male Convifli. Approbation of the said Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, shall judge necessary; and every Person eleCfced and appointed by the said Committee to any of such Offices, shall from time to time be removable by any Order of the said Committee, fpedally summoned for that Purpose, and when any Vacancies shall happen in any of the said Offices other Persons shall be elected and appointed thereto by the same Authority; and such Salaries and other Allowances Audi be annexed to the said Offices, as the said Committee, with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall dined.

VII. Provided neverthelefr, and be it further enacted, That it Committee may shall be lawful for the said Committee from time to time, with such Number of Approbation as aforesaid, to increase, diminish, discontmue or vary* 0fficert*

A a 4 the

Exception.

Committee may require Security from Officer, See. and in case of Officer, arc. refuting to quit Possession, a Justice for County of Middlesex may by Warrant di- rest Sheriff to remove him.

Governor to be a Body Corporate.

Governor empowered to con-traft for Clothing, Diet, See. neceiTary for Conviftt, with Approbation of Committee.

Committee to direct how Books (ban be kept, fee.

C.65.

66° GEO. III.

A.D. 1616.

the Number of Officers and Servants to be appointed for the said Penitentiary in pursuance of the Directions aforesaid; except by taking away pr discontinuing any of the Offices of Governor, Matron, Chaplain and Sorgeon or Apouiecary, to the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee, if they shall deem it neceiTary, to require any 'Officers or Persons employed in the said Penitentiary to give fuen Security to the Governor of the said Penitentiary, for the due Performance of their respective Duties, in such Sums, and with such Sureties, and in such Form or Forms as they shall direct; and if any Person appointed to any Office or Duty in the said Penitentiary, who shall be .removed by the said Committee from such his Office or Employment, shall refuse or neglect to quit the said Penitentiary, or to give up the Possession of any House, Building, Premises or Apartment therein or belonging thereto, within such Period as shall he fixed by the Committee m any Order or Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, not being lets than Forty eight Hours alter the Delivery to such Person of any such Order or Notice, then and in such case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace acting for t^e County of Midtlefexy on Application from any Three or more of the said Committee by any Warrant under his Hand and Seals to direct the Sheriff of the County tp remove such Officer or Person out of the said Penitentiary, and the said Sheriff shall thereupon clear the Possession thereof, so for as relates to any Part of the Penitentiary, or any House, Bailding, Premises or Apartment therein or belonging thereto, occupied by or in Possession of such Officer, in like manner as upon a Writ of #Habere fact*

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of such Penitentiary shall be a Body Corporate, and shall sue and be sued by the Name of " The Governor of the General Penitentiary at M\U- bank* in the County of Middlesex

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor shall have Power to make Contracts with any Persons whomsoever, for the Clothing, Diet and all other Necessaries for the Maintenance and Support of the Convids confined in such Penitentiary, bud for Implements or Materials of any Kind or Manufodure, or Trade, m which Convids confined in such Penitentiary shall be employed, such Con-trads being previously approved by the Committee; and alfp to carry on such Manufodure or Trade in such Penitentiary, and to fell such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall be there wrought and manufactured.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Books and Accounts shall be kept by the Governor or other Officers»such manner as the said Committee may direct from time to time; and the federal Entries therein shall be examined by the said Committee, or by such of their Members as may be appointed a Sub Committee for that Purpose, and shall be by them compared with the Several Receipts and other Vouchers relating thereto, and shall be verified by such Governor and Officers upon Oath, if reoifired, before such Committee, and shall, when approved by such Committee, be allowed and signed by any Three of them $ and if such Committee (hdl disapprove of any Articles in such Accounts, thdy shall disallow the same*

XII. And

A.D. 1816. 8«* GEO. III. a 63. Ml

XII. And be it further enacted, That, if the bid Cotmaktee Committee may shall fuijped any fraudulent or improper Charges in any Account* examine Officers of the said Governor, other Officer or Servant, or any Oftriffion

therein, they may examine upon Oath -the said Governor, or any y<fifmiri other Officer or Servant belonging to such Penitentiary, or any of and prosecute the Persons employed about the tame, or any Personl of whom any for Fraud or Stock, Materials, or other things have been purchased for the Ult CoUufioo. of such Penitentiary, or any Persons to whom aay Stock, Mate* rials or other things belonging to the said Penitentiary, or the Oflb cers thereof, have been fold, or any of the Convias confined in such Penitentiary, or any other Persons, touching any of the Ar* tides contained in such Accounts, Or any O million therein, or any thing relative thereto; and in case there shall appear so any such Accounts any false Entry knowingly or wilfully made, or any fraudulent Omission therein, or any other Fraud whatsoever, or aay Col* lusion between any Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, belongs mg to such Penitentiary, or between any such Officer or Officers,

Servant or Servants, and any other Person or Persons, in any matter relative thereto, then belides the private Satisfaction in Damages which the Parties or Party injured may be entitled to recover by Law, the said Committee may dismiss any such Officer or Officers,

Servant or Servants, who flkau to them appear to have been guilty of any such false Entry, Ooulfion, Fraud or Collulioa, and appoint another or others in his, her or their fteadf and if the said Comnhtee Iodiftmtnt shall fee fit, they shall cause an Indi&xurat or Indi&meats to he againtt such preferred against the Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, or Officer*, kc. Other Person or Persons, so offending, ait the nett Quarter or other General Session of the Peace to be fiolden for the County wherein the said Penitentiary is lituated, or for any other adjoining County; and in case such Person or Persons so indicted Dial be found guilty of such Offence or Offences, he, die or they shall be puniwd by piiie and Imprisomnent, or either of diem, at the Diferetkm of the Fine and Ti*. Court. prisonment.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Pcnken* Committee to tiary, or a sufficient Part thereof, shall be fitted and completed for to prin-the Reception of Conwds, and proper Officers shall be appointed S*cr*fry for the Care and Management thereof, the said Committee find cer* Hom^Depart-tify, under their Hands and Seals, to His Majesty, through the said ment, when Principal Secretary of State % for the Home Department, that fudh Penitentiary Penitentiary is lo fitted and -completed, and that such Officers have toll be fit for been, appointed; and after the ntaking of such Certificate, it shall 5ec€f£°n of and may be lawful for His Majesty, by to Order in Writing, to be w notified by the said Secretary of State, to direct, that any Person

who may be under Sentence or Order df Trunfportation, for any

Offence committed within that Pbrt of the United Kingdom caHefl

England and fiTd/rx, and who, having been examined by an ekpo-

ricnctd SurMon or Apothecary, fhafi appear to be free from any

putrid or tnle&kws Distemper, and fit to be Removed from the Gaol

or Prison in which such Person may be obnfined, shall be mwvefl

to the find Penitentiary, there to remain-aril continue for and during

the Term of Five Years, hi case such Cetnvi& (ball-be nnder Sentence Periods of Con*

pr Order of Transportation for Seven Years only, and for and dun- foment.

fog the Term of Seven Years, in case fuchConvift fkffi be under

such Sentence or Order for Fourteen Yuan* tod for tod daring the

C.6&

56° GEO. III.

Term of Ten Years, in case such Convict fh«H be under ft tence or Order for Life.

Regulations at to' XIV. Provided always, and be it further enaidled, Hat; time of Confine* any Convict shall be removed to the said Penitentiary,

meat of Con-vi&afentenced to Transportation, and re* moved to Penitentiary.

been under Sentence or Order of Transportation for the Seven Years, shall previously to his or her being removed to Penitentiary, have been kept confined in some other Gaol son, during a Part of such Term, such Convict shall be the said Penitentiary under this Act, for Five Seventh I Residue of his or her Term of Seven Years* Transportation, ing unexpired, when he or she shall be received into the sitentiary; excluding nevertheless from the Computation reduced Period of Confinement, any fra&ional Part of a Week may result from such Reduction; and in case any CoariB: ft removed to the said Penitentiary, who, having beta under Sexl or Order of Transportation for the Term of Fourteen Yars, A previously to his or her being so removed, have been tan* com in some other Gaol or Priion during a Part of such Tm, Convict shall be confined in the said Penitentiary under dm Aft? One Half of the Residue of his or her Term of Fourteen Yl Transportation remaining unexpired, when he or she flull ht ceived into the said Penitentiary; excluding nevertheless Computation of such reduced Period of Confinement any 6a Part of a Day which may result from such Reduction; and1 case of any Convict who, having been under Sentence or Qt Transportation for Life, shall be removed to the said Penile for the Term of Ten Years as aforesaid, such Term of Ten shall be computed from the time of his or her being received said Penitentiary.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff or Gaoler ing the Custody of any Convict, whose Removal shall be on in manner aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Speed after the Ri of the Notification of any such Order, convey or cause to be veyed every such Convict to the said Penitentiary, and there < him to the Governor thereof, together with a true Copy, attrih such Sheriff or Gaoler, of the Caption and Order of the Cos fore which such Convict was tried, containing the Sentence or< of Transportation of such Conri&, by virtue whereof be Ihal the Cuitady of such Sheriff or Gaoler, and also a Certificate taining his or her Age, and an Account of his or her Behan Prison, before and alter Trial, and the Gaoler's Observathms or her Temper and Disposition, and such Information eooc his or her Connections and former Course of Life as may have

Gwernortogive to the Knowledge of such Gaoler; and the Governor of the Penitentiary shall give a proper Receipt in Writing to the T or Gaoler, for the Discharge of such Sheriff or Gaoler.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all reafooabk 1 which the Sheriff or Gaoler shall incur in every such Re be paid by the County, Riding, Division, City, Borough* 1 or Place, for which the Court in which the Party was convicted I have been holden; and the Sheriff or Gaoler shall receive the Mfl due for such Expences from the Treasurer of such County, RA Division, City, Borough, Liberty or Place, such Expencei bd first allowed by the Order of the Justices of the Peace at their Qua

Sheriffs or Gaolers to defiver Convl&s to Penitentiary without Delay.

a DHcbarge.

Expences of Re* moral paid by County, Icc*

jkm&

56° GEO. III.

O. Q3»

rGeatnl Sessions of the Peace, who are hereby required iU Order as shall be just in that behalf.

X And be it further enacted, That after Delivery of any as aforesaid into the Custody to which he or she shall as aforesaid, such Governor, or other Person having p of Convictg under his Direction, shall, during the Term ich Coorid shall be ordered to remain in his Custody,

same Powers over such Convict as are incident to the (a Sheriff or Gaoler; and in case of any Abuse of such 7r other Mi(behaviour or Negligence in the Discharge of ball be liable to the same Punishment as a Gaoler is now |jby Law.

And be it further enacted, That if any ConviA confined i JVnatentiary shall become insane during such Confine-\ he lb*reported by the Committee to His Majesty's Princi-ary of State for the Home Department, it mall be lawful I Secretary of State to order and cause such insane Con-Me immediately removed to some proper Place of Confine-vpon Recovery to be returned to such Penitentiary, in Her as in the case of any Prisoner becoming insane, after sader Sentence, in any other Gaol or Prison.

And be it further enacted, That when any ConviA who jt entered to be confined in the said Penitentiary shall be)thither in pursuance of the Powers contained in this A A, fc ball be separately lodged and washed, cleansed and purified,

I then be examined by the Surgeon or Apothecary, and shall e n Coch separate Lodging until it be certified by such Sur-Apothecary that he or me is fit to be received among the pConvids, or until he or she shall be removed to the Infirm-I asd the Clothes in which he or she shall then be clothed shall be r if aeccfbry, or otherwise shall be sold and disposed of, at the of the Governor, and the Produce thereof shall be4 ac-fbr to the Committee aforesaid, and shall be by them di-i to be carried by the said Governor to the Account of the Jonviftin the Books of the said Penitentiary; and such Con-|*CToot be dismissed at the End or other Determination of f ter Term, if he or she shall then labour under any acute or >os Distemper, unless at his or her Request; and when such t ball be finally discharged, such decent Clothing, as shall be loecessary and proper by the Committee aforesaid, shall be delta (Such ConviA; and also such Sum of Money for his or her Jke Subsistence, as the said Committee shall think proper, so Ik Sum shall not exceed Three Pounds; and if such ConviA, at End or other Determination of his or her Term, shall procure J fabtantial Housekeeper or other reputable Person, to take him [her into Service, or provide him or her with proper Employment kP* Year then next ensuing, the same to be approved by the aforesaid, he or she, having served accordingly, shall be iy. the End of the Year to such other Sum of Money, not L the like Sum of Three Pounds, as the said Committee Ifit.

be it further enacted, That every such Governor of the I PoBftatiary shall, during the Term for which such ConviA shall 1 i such Custody, keep him or her to Labour of such kind

K$

Governor tp have Tania Power over Convictt hi hie Custody as s Sheriff or Gaoler.

Insane Convids may be removed from and returned to Peni-temiary.after Recovery, at in cafea of other Pril'onen in Gaols.

Convicts when brought to be separately lodged and washed, and e*, mined by the Surgeon.

When discharged to be furniQied with decent Clothing.

Allowances,

Keeping Convicts to Labour

C. 6$»

59" GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Ooovi£b howto U lodged.

Hours of Work.

FrovJfo.

Rewards to Coo. vi&» for Dili, gince, &c.

Dividing Con-vi£UintoCla0es.

Proviso.

4s the Committee before mentioned shall direct and appoint; and if the Work to be performed by any such Convids shall be of such a Nature as may require previous Instruction, proper Persons shall be provided to give the Ume, by Order of the said Committee, tQ whom a suitable Allowance shall be made.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That such Convids as shall be feat to the said Penitentiary shall, during the Hours of Labour, be separated from each other, or shall work together in Companies composed of more or fewer Persons in Number, in such manner as tb^ Bye Laws established as aforesaid by the Committee shall prescribe 5 and that all Convids, not confined in the Infirmary, shall during their Hours of Rest be kept entirely separate and apart from each other, and be lodged in separate Rooms or Cells; except in cases in which it may be deemed expedient to place Two or more Prisoners together on account of the Health or State of Mindof One of such Prisoners.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That such Convids shall be employed in Work at the said Penitentiary, every Day in the Year, except Sunday*, Chrtftmas Day, Good Friday, Ascension Day, and any Day appointed for a General Fast or Thanksgiving, and also except such Days when ill Health will not allow of their working; and the Hours of work in each Day shall not exceed Eight Hours in the Months of November, December and January, Nine Hours in the Months of February and 0Sober, and Ten Hours and an Half in the Rest of the Year (exclusive of the time allowed for Meals): Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee, by a written Order, to permit any Convict to labour voluntarily for a longer time than is herein mentioned, upon such Conditions as shall in the said Order be expressed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee to allow to any of the Convids confined in the said Penitentiary, as a Reward and Encouragement, any Part or Portion of the Profits anting from their Labour, not exceeding such Proportion thereof as shall be approved of and allowed by the said Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; subject to such Conditions and Regulations as the said Committee shall direct and appoint.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the ft-vend Convids to be sent to the said Penitentiary shall be divided into Two Classes, which shall be called the First and Second Classes; for which Purpose, the time for which such Convids shall be severally ordered to he confined, shall be divided into Two equal Parts, and during the first Part of the tinfe of the Imprisonmeot, ne or (he shall be ranked in the First Class, and during the Second Part of such time, he or she shall be ranked in the Second Class; and the Confinement of such Convids as shall from time to time be ranked in the First Class shall be more ftrid, and the Confinement of the Convids in the Second Class shall be more moderate; which several Degree^ of Confinement for each Class shall be settled by the said Committee, by Orders of Regulation to be approved of in manner aforesaid s Provided always, that if the said Committee shall at any timeobfeerve, or be satisfactorikr informed of any extraordinary Diligence or Merit in any of the said Convids who are ranked in the said first Oafs, it fiiaB he lawful for the said Committee to order such Convict to ho

transferred

A.D.

56° GEO. III.

C.63.

96$

transferred to the Second Class, for the remainder of the Term for which he or she was ordered to be confined in the said Penitentiary, although such Convict may not have completed the Period of his or her Imprisonment in the said First Class.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Committee Committee to shall at any time observe or be satisfaAorily informed of any'extraor- r*P°*Jfcl diaary Diligence or Merit in any of the Convidts under their In-

fpedlion, who shall be ranked in the said Second Class of Convidls, ^Diligence, the Committee shall report the same in Writing to the Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, in order that he may re-.commend such Convidl to His Majesty as an Object of the Royal Mercy, on such Conditions as to Him shall seem meet.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Convidl who shall How Coavi&s

be ordered to such Penitentiary shall, during the time of his or her|*^* Confinement therein, be fed and sustained with a sufficient clothed.

of coarse but wholesome Pood, and also be clothed with and uniform Apparel, with any distinguishing Marks which may be deemed useful to facilitate Discovery in case of Escape, the whdfc to be ordered in such manner as the Committee aforesaid shall from time to time appoint-; and no such Convidl shall during the time of his or her Confinement be permitted to have any other Food, Drink or Clothing, than such as shall be so appointed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person except the None but Offi-Officers, or Servants of the Penitentiary, or such Person or Persons celB an<*Ser- as shall be authorized according to the Regulations established by the

said Committee, shall be permitted at any time to enter any of the Apartments. Apartments or Court Yards allotted to the ConvidU, or to hold Con-verfation or Communication with any of them.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may Governor may be lawful to and for the Governor of the said Penitentiary to employ, pioy Convids with the Coofent of the said Committee, any of the ConvidU afore- " A

said, who shall be ranked in the Second Class, as Overseers, or Affift-antt, in the management of the Works, and the Care of.their Fellow ConvidU, instead of their being confined to such their Daily Labour as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer or Servant of such Penitentiary shall supply any of the ConvidU therein with any

Money, Clothing, Provisions or Diet, or with any Spirituous or other Money, Provi-Liquors whatsoever, except such Money, Clothing, Provisions or fiont or Liquor, Diet as the Governor of the Penitentiary shall from time to time per- contrary to Act. mit or diredfc, and except such Diet and Liquors as the Surgeon or Apothecary attending such Penitentiary shall think proper to order for any such Convidt, in case of Illness; and in case any such Officer or Servant shall be found guilty of carrying to any such Convidt, or of knowingly (permitting to be carried to any such Conyidt, any Money, Clothing, Provisions or Diet, or Liquors whatsoever, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Officer or Servant shall immediately be suspended by the said Governor, who shall report the same to the Committee at their next Meeting 5 and such Committee shall inquire Punifluntnt. thereof upon Oath, and shall punish such Officer or Servant by For- Fine, feiture of Office, and by any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, or by either of such Punishments, as the said Committee shall in their DiU cretion think proper; and if any other Person or Persons shall wil- Other Perfbm fully supply any such Convidl, at any time during the Term of his vfoadant*

or

C. 6&

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1S16*

Penalty.

Chaplain to read Morning and Evening Prayers, and preach Two Sermons on Sun* days, fcc

Chaplain may baptize, bury, &c. in Peni-teqtiary.

To keep Regis* ters and transmit Copy monthly to Incumbent of Parish, who is to ienter same in Regift er.

Allowance fur so doing.

Convids to walk and air phemfelvet.

Convids when Sick, to be visited by Surgeon; and if necessary, font to Infirmary.

or her Confinement with any Food, Drink or Clothing, other thau such as shall have been appointed by the Committee as aforesaid, or with any Money, he or me so supplying such Convict shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the said Committee.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Chaplain shall read Prayers and preach a Sermon both Morning and Evening, in the Chapel of such Penitentiary, on every Sunday in the Year, and also on every Chrifimcu Day, Good Friday, and Afccnjion Day, and on every Day appointed for a General Sass or Thanksgiving; and all the Conviftt confined in such Penitentiary, who shall not be disabled by IUnefs, or whose Attendance shall not be dispensed with by the Committee, shall attend the said Prayers and Sermons, which shall also be attended by the Resident Officers and by the Servants of such Penitentiary, or such of them as can be spared from their several Employments, and shall Hot be prevented by Illness; and the said Chaplain shall visit such Convicts, under such Regulations as may be prescribed by the Ibid.Committee, for their moral and religious Education.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chaplain of the said Penitentiary, or such other Person as shall act for or a (lift him, and no other, to baptize all Children born, and bury all Persons who shall*die therein, or in any Buildings or Premises belonging to or making Part of the said Penitentiary, and to perform Divine Service and administer the Sacrament according to the Liturgy of the Church of England, within the said Penitentiary; and such Chaplain shall keep an accurate Register of all such Christenings and of all such Burials, and shall Once in each Month transmit a Copy thereof to the Incumbent of the Church of Saint John the Evangcftjl in Westminster, or his Curate, in the Absence of such Incumbent, who shall, as soon after the Receipt thereof as can conveniently be, enter the same in the Register of the said Parish; and it shall be lawful for the said Committee to order and direct that an Allowance shall be made to such Incumbent for making each such Entry, according to the Custom in like cases in the said Parish.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Convicts ordered to be confined in such Penitentiary shall be permitted to walk and air themselves in the airing Yards or Grounds belonging thereto, for such dated time as their Health may require, and the Regulations of such Penitentiary shall permit.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Convict shall appear to be sick, he or she shall be visited by the Surgeon or Apothecary attending such Penitentiary, and if the Sickness be -found to be real, the said Surgeon or Apothecary shall report the same to the Governor, who shall, if the Sickness be of such a Nature as to require it, order such Convict to be sent to the Infirmary belonging to such Penitentiary, and his or her Name to be entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose; and when such Conviftftiall have so far recovered his or her Health as that the said Surgeon or Apothecary shall judge him or her to be in a proper conation to quit the Infirmary, and to return to his or her Employment, and the said Surgeon or Apothecary shall so report, the said Governor shall order such Convict to be brought back to his or her

Cell,

#71

S6*GEO. XU.

C.63, 64.

v

\^ %

s-*&Sr

*>

w Aftlon shall be prosecuted against thing done in pursuance of this Act,

the General I (Tue, and give this Gsnml MU«. deuce at any Trial to be had ne by the Authority of this Defendant or Defendants,

Nonsuit, or discontinue Joined, or if on De-^ainst the Plaintiff

V Treble Costs, Treble Costs. .endants have by -.ill be given for any -aid, such Plaintiff shall unless the Judge, before , .iy his Approbation of the

*"V

CHt

a, That all Anions, Suits and Pro- Limitation of against any Person or Persons for any Actioni.

- of this Act, shall be laid and tried in -e where the Fast was committed, and shall be k<m Six Months after the Fast committed, and not

I ft further ensued, That this Act may be altered Act may b«

T*>y Act or Acts to be passed in the prefect Session altered, kc.

CAP. LX3V. repeal several Acts relating to the Militia of Great iiod to amend other Acts relating thereto.

[22d June 1816.] EltEAS an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the 43 G. 3. c. 100. "81 rf His present Majesty, intituled An Act to render excePt §* dTwo Acts made in this present Session of Parliament %

I*tfpeedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and P n additional Military Force for the better Defence of tKiMtdom: And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty 47 o. 3. Seff. a. tar of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An c. 71. hfptedilj completing the Militia of Great Britain, and in-kfatBt under certain Limitations and ReJlriSions: And*to Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 49 G. 3- 53* fat Majesty, intituled An Act for completing the Militia tBritain: And Whereas an Act passed in the Fiftieth 500.3.0.24* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to pqffed in the last Session of Parliament for completing the.if Great Britain, and to make further Provision for com-M said Militia: And Whereas an Act passed in the Fifty 510.3. c. so.

>r of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, An Act 1 certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to By into the regular Foroes, and to provide for the gratia* of the said Militia: And Whereas it is expedient kind rented Acts passed in the Forty third, Forty levee th, jjtth, Fiftieth and Fifty first Years respectively of the Reign 1 pint Majesty, except so much of the said recited Act of B b 2 4 the

370

C. 63.

56° GEO. III.

A.D>1!i

Committee or Vifiton may direlt tny P«rson not being Officers, Servants or Convicts, to quit Penitentiary.

Other Acts relating to Gaols, Bec. not to apply to Penitentiary.

Recovery of Penalties.

Distress.

Tf insufficient Distress,

Imprisonment.

then in qtteftion before the Court is the same that was delivered < such Order, be sufficient Evidence to the Court and Jury tint Person then in question was so ordered to such Confinement.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall ap to the said Committee, or to any Member thereof, who ffiu appointed a Visitor as aforesaid, that the Continuance whtt* said Penitentiary of any Person, not being an Officer or Sermf the said Penitentiary or a Convict confined therein, is inciptj or ohjedionable, it mall and may he lawful for such Comma Visitor, by an Order in Writing to direct such Person to qdn Penitentiary; and in case such Person shall refuse or neglectl do within Six Hours after the Receipt of such Order, it Act may be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the fi acting in and for the County of Middlesex, on Application I such Committee or such Visitor, by Warrant under ms Hand' Seal, to authorize and empower any Person to whom such Wait shall he directed, forthwith to remove such Person from and oat the said Penitentiary.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said shall be regulated by the Provisions in this Act contained; soft other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Gaols, Prifosit Houses of Correction, or any Clauses, Provisions, RegnbA Penalties or Forfeitures, contained in any such Ad or AdsJ extend or be construed to extend to the said Penitentiary, exo|] far as any such Acts, Clauses, Provisions or Regulations J this Act referred to and made applicable to the Purposes oil Ad, or to the said Penitentiary, or to any Persons belonging 4 confined as Con vide therein. I

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That any pecuniary] ties created by this Act, for the Recovery of which no Mode is inbefore prescribed, shall be recoverable before Two or more Ji of the Peace in the County in which the Offence shall be comd on Proof of the Offence by the Oath or Oaths of One or mof dible Witness or Witnesses, or on Confession of the Offender One Moiety thereof shall he paid to the Use of the Penitel and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers profecotia the same, and in case of Nonpayment, the same shall be levi Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by W under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and the Ovtrf the Money raised, after deduding the Penalty and Expences \ Distress and Sale, shall he rendered to the Owner; and for of sufficient Distress, the Offender shall he sent by such Ji to the Prison of such County, for such Term not exceeding Months, nor less than One Month, as such Justices shall think i proper.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions rf Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Rfc of His present Majesty, and of all other Acts of Parliament for rendering Justices of Peace more safe in the Execution of I Offices, shall extend and he construed to extend to all Persons M nated to form Part of the said Committee for superintending the Penitentiary, and to the Governor thereof, so as that no Adioa be brought against any such Person or Ptrfons for any thing 4 under this Act, without Notice, to enable him or them to tt*

4f Ameij

D. 1810.

36° GEO. III

C. 63,

369

maunder shall be provided for in the next Supplies to be granted to His Majesty by Parliament.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Convict who shall be ordered to be confined in the said Penitentiary shall at any time during the Term of such Confinement break Prison, or escape from the Place of his or her Confinement or in his or her Conveyance to such Place of Confinement, or from the Person or Persons having the lawful Custody of such Convict, he or she so breaking.Prison or escaping shall be punished by an Addition of Three Years to the Term for which he or she at the time of his or her Breach of Prison or Escape was subject to be confined; and if such Convict so punished by such Addition to the Term of Confinement shall afterwards be convicted of a Second Escape or Breach of Prison, be or (he shall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall ref-cue any Convict who shall be ordered to be confined within the said Penitentiary, either during the time of his or her Conveyance to the said Penitentiary, or whim such Convict shall be in the Custody of the Person or Persons under whose Care and Charge he or she mall be so confined; or if any Person shall be aiding or afiifting in any such Rescue, every such Person so rescuing, aiding or afiisting, shall be guilty of Felony, and may be ordered to be confined in the said Penitentiary for any Term not less than One Year, nor exceeding Five Years; and if any Person having the Custody of any such Con-vi& as aforesaid, or being employed by the Person having such Custody as a Keeper, Underkeeper, Turnkey, Afiiftant or Guard, shall voluntarily permit such Convict to escape; or if any Person whatsoever shall, by supplying Arms, Tools or Instrumenta of Disguise, or otherwise be in any manner aiding and afiifting to any such Con-vi& in any Escape, or in any Attempt to make an Escape, though no Escape be actually made, or shall attempt to rescue any such Con-vi&, or be aiding and afiifting in any such Attempt, though no Rescue be actually made, every such Person so permitting, attempting, aiding or afiisting, shall be guilty of Felony; and if any Person having such Custody, or being so employed by the Person having such Custody as aforesaid, shall negligently permit any such Convict to escape, such Person so permitting shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being lawfully convicted of the same, mall be liable to Fine or Imprisonment, or to both, at the Discretion of the Court.

XLV. And to the Intent that the Profecotion for Escapes, Breaches of Prison, and Rescues, may be carried on with as little Trouble and Expence as pofiible, be it further enacted, That any Con-vi& escaping, breaking Prison, or being rescued in manner aforesaid, may and (h2l be tried before the Justices of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or at the Great Sessions, either for the County where he or (lie shall be apprehended and retaken, or for the County in which the said Offence shall have been committed; and in case of any Prosecution for any such Escape, Attempt to escape, Breach of Prison, or Rescue, either against the Convict escaping or attempting to escape, or having broken Prison, or being rescued, or against any other Person or Persons concerned therein, or aiding, abetting or aififting the same, a Copy properly attested, of the Order of Commitment to such Penitentiary shall, after Proof made that the Person S6 Gso* III* '*B b then

Convifl* breaking Prison or e&aping.

Punishment.

Rescuing or attempting to rescue Convids.

Felony.

Officers permitting Escape;

supplying Meant of Elcape.

Felony.

Misdemeanor.

Punishment.

Mode of Trial and Cotiviction.

Evidence of Order of Confine-

370

C. 63.

56* GEO. in.

A.D.I816,

Committee or Vifitovt may direct iny Person not being Officers* Servants or Convicts, to quit Penitentiary.

Other Acts relating to Gaols, fcc. not to apply to Penitentiary.

Recovery of Penalties.

Distress.

Tf insufficient Distress,

Imprisonment.

then in question before the Court is the same that was delivered with such Order, he sufficient Evidence to the Court and Jury that the Person then in question w^s so ordered to such Confinement.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Committee, or to any Member thereof, who shall be appointed a Visitor as aforesaid, that the Continuance within the said Penitentiary of any Person, not being an Officer or Servant of the said Penitentiary or a Convict confined therein, is inexpedient or objeftionable, it mall and may he lawful for such Committee or Visitor, by an Order in Writing to direct such Person to quit such Penitentiary; and in case such Person shall refuse or neglect so to do within Six Hours after the Receipt of such Order, it shall and may be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, aft mg in and for the County of MiddUJex, on Application from such Committee or such Visitor, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and empower any Person to whom such Warrant shall be directed, forthwith to remove such Person from and out of the said Penitentiary.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Penitentiary shall he regulated by the Provisions in this A ft contained; and no other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Gaols, Prisons or Houses of Correction, or any Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties or Forfeitures, contained in any such Act or Acts, shall extend or be construed to extend to the said Penitentiary, except so far as any such Acts, Clauses, Provisions or Regulations are by this Act referred to and made applicable to the Purposes of this Act, or to the said Penitentiary, or to any Persons belonging to or confined as Convicts therein.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That any pecuniary Penalties created by this Act, for the Recovery of which no Mode is hereinbefore prescribed, shall be recoverable before Two or more Justices of the Peace in the County in which the Offence shall be committed, on Proof of the Offence by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on Confession of the Offender; and One Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Use of the Penitentiary, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the same, and in case of Nonpayment, the same shall he levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and the Overplus of the Money raised, after dedufting the Penalty and Expences of the Distress and Sale, shall he rendered to the Owner; and for want of sufficient Distress, the Offender shall be sent by such Justices to the Prison of such County, for such Term not exceeding Six Months, nor less than One Month, as such Justices shall think most proper.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of all other Acts of Parliament for the rendering Justices of Peace more safe in the Execution of their Offices, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Persons nominated to form Part of the said Committee for superintending the said Penitentiary, and to the Governor thereof, so as that no Action shall be brought against any such Person or Persons for any thing done under this Act, without Notice, to enable him or them to tender

Amends,

56° GEO. III.

S73

C. 64, 65.

V. Aid be it further enacted, That all Non Commissioned Offi-w^Dtmmen and Private Men of the Militia, who shall at any tar fair defined from the .Militia, shall be liable to be tried and

tied for such Desertion at any time thereafter whenever they be apprehended, although no Charges shall have been made Jtf or ddifered according to the Provisions of the said last recited id; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXV. in Ad to explain and amend the Acts for granting Duties on the Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, so far as extend to the due A(Te(Tment and Collection of die Duties for pad Years; for confirming certain Abatements already made of the said Duties, and exempting Chliedors'Bonds from the Stamp Duties. [22d June 1816.] VT f HERE AS it is expedient that Provision should be made in Y\ respect of the Duties and Arrears of the Duties charged or to k chirred on the Profits arising from Property, Prosessions,

1 Trades and Offices, granted by certain Acts passed in the Forty third, Forty fifth. Forty sixth and Fifty fifth Years of His pre-1 fat Mydtfi Reign, and continued until and upon the Fifth Bay of jfaril One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, on which Day the same expired May it therefore please Your Majesty that t say be ended; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excel* at Mwefty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords iukm aid Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament dfcabkd, ad by the Authority of the same, That all and every tk Provisiom contained in the said several Acts hereinbefore mentioned, or a? of them, or in any other Act or Acts relating to the VdDotri, dull continue in force for the Purpose of duly charging k bid Duties on all Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegia, ad on all Companies, Fraternities or Societies of Persons vfech fall not have been respectively charged to the said Duties before dr raffing of this Act; and which ought to have been charged to the said Duties for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of Aril Ooe thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or for any prior ferfioce the passing of the said Acts, and until such Assessments y be duly made for such Year or Years, and shall be raised and evied as if the said Duties had not expired; and all and every he Clanks, Rules, matters and things, which are contained in any i the bid Acts, shall continue to be in full force, and shall be Mly applied, practised and put in Execution for the afiefling, ni&ng, levying, collecting and paying the said Duties which shall be charged after the passing of this Act for any Year or Years before snowed; and also for the levying, collecting and paying all and my the Arrears of the said Duties which shall have been charged Mk the passing of this Act, and which shall be in Arrear and upid it the time of passing this Act; and for the suing for, fed-jfldgtgaod recovering any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have bene nay be incurred in respect of any Afiefiment made or to k nafc for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thou* find eri* hundred and sixteen $ or in respect of any Aflefiment for prior Year as aforesaid; and also for applying the Monies arif-B b 3 ing

Defeittrs may b« cried where-ever apprehended.

43 O.3. c.iis.

45 G.3.C.I5-

46 G. 3. c 65. 55 G.3.C.53.

to continue in force to charge those who may have escaped Assessment in former Years*

and for colle&tng Arrears,

and recovering Penalties.

C.64-.

S66 GEO. III.

A.D. 181&

except certain Provisions, reeled.

5JO.3. c.65. I I-

His Majesty may «iifpenfe with ceiling out Militia for the present Year.

J5 G. 3.016 8.

§ 3, 4* for assembling Courts Martial, to extend to Officers and Privates of Militia on per. manent Pay.

4 the Forty third Year aforesaid as relates to ballotted Men refusing ( to be examined as tp their Fitness to ferre in the Militia, and so 4 much of the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign 4 of His present Mai eftv as relates to the confining the Allowances 4 to the Wives and Families of Militia Men in England and Scotland 4 raised after the passing of the said Act, to ballotted Men only, should 4 be repealed; ' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Gonfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said recited Acts of the Forty third, Forty seventh, Forty ninth. Fiftieth and Fifty first Years respectively of the Reign ot His present Majesty, except £o much of the said recited Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid as relates to balloted Men refusing to be examined as to their Fitness to serve in the Militia, and so much of the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year aforesaid as confines the Allowances to the Wives and Families of Militia Men in England and Scotland, raised after the passing of the said Act, to ballotted Men only, shall be and the lame are hereby repealed.

II* And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Great Britain^ as enacts that no ballotted Man shall be exempt from serving in the Militia of Great Britain, by reason of being undec the Height of Five Feet Four Inches, provided such Man shall he of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

4 III. And Whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should be 4 empowered to dispense with the training and exercising of the

Militia in the present Year; ' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order in Council, to suspend the calling out of the Militia of Great Britain, in the present Year, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, and tt> order and direct that no training or exercising of the Militia shall take place in the present Year; any thing contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Militia, to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 IV. And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and 4 Amend the Laws relating to the Militias of Great Britain and Ireland: And Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act as to appointing Courts Martial should be extended for the 4 Trial of any Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers 4 and Private Men of the Militia retained on Permanent Pay; ' Be it therefore enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations and Clauses in the said last recited Act contained, in relation to Courts Martial, and to the appointing, assembling and attending of Courts Martial under the said Act, shall extend and be in full force, and apply to the Trial and Punishment of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers or Private Men of the Militia of Great Britain^ remaining on permanent Pay, while the Militia to which they shall belong mall be disembodied, for all Offences committed against any Law in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, or any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, as if all such Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations and Clauses1 were severally and separately repeated and reenacted in this Act.

V. And

A/D* 1816.

56* GEO- III.

S7S

C. 64, 65.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Militia, who shall at any time have deserted from the , Militia, shall be liable to be tried and punished for such Desertion at any time thereafter whenever they shall be apprehended, although no Charges shall have been made out or delivered according to the Prorifions of the said last recited Act; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding*

CAP. LXV.

An Act to explain and amend the Acts for granting Duties on the Profits arising from Property, Profefiions, Trades and Offices, so far as extend to the due Assessment and Col-leftion of the Duties for pad Years; for confirming certain Abatements already made of the said Duties, and exempting Collectors'Bonds from theStamp Duties. [22d June 1816.] 4 WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made in 4 W respect of the Duties and Arrears of the Duties charged 4 or to be charged on the Profits arising from Property, Profefiions, Trades and Offices, granted by certain Acts passed in the Forty 4 third, Forty fifth, Forty sixth and Fifty fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and continued until and upon the Fifth 4 Day of Afrit One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, on which 4 Day the same expired: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Prorifions contained in the said several Acts hereinbefore mentioned, or any of them, or in any other Act or Acts relating to the said Duties, (nail continue in force for the Purpose of duly charging the said Duties on all Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and on all Companies, Fraternities or Societies of Persons which shall not have been respectively charged to the said Duties before the passing of this Act; and which ought to have been charged to the said Duties for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or for any prior Year since the passing of the said Acts, and until such Assessments shall be duly made for such Year or Yean, and shall be raised and levied as if the said Duties had not expired; and all and every the Clauses, Rules, matters and things, which are contained in any of the said Acts, shall continue to be in full force, and shall be severally applied, practised and put in Execution for the afiefling, rafsing, levying, collecting and paying the said Duties which shall be charged after the passing of this A ft for any Year or Years before mentioned; and also for the levying, collecting and paying all and every the Arrears of the said Duties which shall have been charged before the passing of this Act, and which shall be in Arrear and unpaid at the time of passing this Act; and for the suing for, adjudging and recovering any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been or may be incurred in respect of any AfTefiinent made or to be made for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; or in respect of any Assessment for any prior Year as aforesaid; and also for applying the Monies ari£-

B b 3 ing

Defeiteri may be tried where-ever apprehend* ed.

43 G. 3. c.ias.

45 G.3.C.15.

46 G. 3. c. 65. 55 G.3.C.53.

to continue in force to charge those who may have escaped Assessment in former Years;

and for collecting Arrears,

and recovering Penalties-

C. 65.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Provision* for appealing to continue in force.

Provision* for making all Returns &c. and for auditing Receivers' Accounts, to continue in force.

Receivers of Duties not allowed to set insuper any Place for Duties unpaid, unleU his Accounts paflTed within Three Years after April St 1816.

ReafTefiTments to be made on Assessments uf

1816.

Schedule of Defaulters to remain with Commissionera Three Calendar

ing from the said Duties, and which shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer after the passing of this Act, in like man* ner as is directed by the said Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Provisions contained in the said several Acts relating to the said Duties shall continue in force for the Purpose of hearing all Appeals against Affeflinents to be made after the passing of this Act for any Year or Years as before mentioned; and also for the Purpose of granting Abatements on Account of any Diminution of Income in such Year, as directed by the said several Acts, or any of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Provisions contained in the said Acts shall continue in force for the making all such Returns of Assessments made under the said Acts or in pursuance of this Act, and other matters touching the Execution of the said Acts, or relating to the said Duties, to the Commissiooers for the Affairs of Taxes, as are directed to be made by the said Acts; and also for returning Duplicates to the Receivers General and the Officers of The King's Remembrancer; and also for the returning, auditing, examining, passing and declaring the Accounts of any Receiver of the said Duties, as if the said Duties had not expired.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Receiver of the Duties on Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, his Heirs, Executors and Adminifirators, shall in his or their Account of the Monies raised or to be raised under the said several Acts or any of them, relating to the said Duties for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, be allowed or admitted to set insuper or Charge any County, Division or Place in Great Britain, for any of the said Duties which shall be unpaid, unless such Accounts shall be declared and passed within Three Years at the furtheff after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; but all Monies in Arrear in respect of the said Duties shall remain a Debt upon such Receiver, to be answered by him and his Securities, his and their Executors and Adminifirators, Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Arrears of the said Duties, arising from any Default in the Colledioii thereof, or by the Failure of any Collector, for which any Parish or Place shall be answerable according to the Provisions of the said Acts or any of them, shall be reassessed within and upon such Parish or Place as soon after such Default shall be discovered as conveniently can be done, and shall be charged on the Amount of the lafi Assessment made for the same Duties under the said lafi mentioned Act, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, by duly apportioning the Amount of such Arrear amongst the several Persons assessed in that Year, according to the Amount of each Person's Assessment therein, as nearly as the case will admit, and by the like Rules, Methods and Directions, by which the original Assessment was made; to be raised and levied in such manner as any Assessment may by virtue of this Act be raised and levied, under the Regulations of the said several Acts relating to the said Duties.

v I. And be it further enacted, That any Schedule of Defaulters relating to the Second Moiety and Remainder of the said Duties, afirfied or to be assessed for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundmd and sixteen, which shall be delivered

A. D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.6 5.

375

vered by any Collector of the said Duties to the Receiver Genera), where such Arrears shall have accrued, shall, after Delivery thereof by the said Receiver General to the Commissioners of the Division, remain with them until the End of Three Calendar months, to be computed from the Day on which such Schedule shall or ought to have been delivered to the said Receiver General, before the Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to the Court of Exchequer at West- minster for Process to levy such Arrears, as by any of the said Acts is directed; during which Period of Three Calendar months all and every the Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Provisions and Directions heretofore exercised, followed and observed, during the Period appointed for any Schedule of Defaulters remaining before such Commissioners, under and in pursuance of the Provisions of the said several Acts, or any of them, shall be in like manner exercised, followed, observed and fulfilled in pursuance of this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Extension of

case where any Person or Persons shall have paid and satisfied One lime foJ £aY-Half Part of the said Second Moiety and Remainder of the said Second

Duties, charged on him or them for the said Year ending the Fifth* .

Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, on or before the Fifth Day of July in the lame Year, and shall be desirous of extending the time for Payment of the other Half Part of the said Moiety and Remainder of the said Duties, and shall make Application to the Commissioners of the lame Division, acting in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, on Proof to their Satisfaction of any reasonable Cause for an Extension of Payment beyond the said Period of Three Calendar months before allowed, to grant time for such Payments until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, by any Order in Writing, signed by Two or more of the said Commissioners, directed to the Collector or Collectors of the Parish or Place in which the said Duties shall have been assessed for the said Year.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Collector of the Cofleftor nos said Duties shall deliver a full and complete Schedule of such De- deJjV€ringfu11 faulters as afore said, to the Receiver General for the County or scheduwTt^Re-Division where such Arrears shall have accrued, on the First Day ceiver General, appointed for the Receipt by him of the said last Moiety or Remainder of the said Duties, after the Fifth Day of July One thousand

eight hundred and sixteen, as directed by the said Acts, on Pain that every Collector, neglecting or refusing so to do, shall forfeit the Penalty, like Penalty as is impoled on Collectors by the said several Acts, or any of them, in other cases of Ncglcd of Duty.

IX. And in onier to make suitable Provision for suspending the Payment of the Half Year's Duty, which became payable after the Firth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen on Assessments under the said Acts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; Be it further enacted, That in every case where any Per- Time of Payson or Pei Tons shall have fully paid and satished, on or before the for°re-Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all the maining Half Duties assessed ou him, her or them, under the said Acts, as well for Year till Jan. y, the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hum extended, dred and fifteen, and all prior Years, as for the Half Year com-

Bb 4 mencing

376

C. 65.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 11

Abatements

confirmed.

Commissioners, &c. indemnified.

Farms filling into the Hands of Owners aflefTed.

mencing after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight 1 dred and fifteen, and shall be desirous' of extending the time Payment of the Remainder of the said Duties, and shall m Application to the Commissioners of the same County, Shire Borough acting in the Execution of the said Acts and this/ for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, any Two or more of them, on Proof to their Satisfaction of a reasonable Cause for the Extension of Payment, to grant time fkv fore until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand dgf hundred and seventeen, by any Order in Writing, signed by T*t< more of the said Commissioners, directed to the Collector of t) County, Shire or Borough, or his Deputy, in which the said Don shall have been aflefTed for the said Year ending on the said Frfi Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

X. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Fifty fifth Yes

of His present Majesty's Reign, certain Provisions were made fin'the Continuance of the AiTeffments made under the Cad Ad,

paired in the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, far the 'Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred'and fifteen, during the Term therein limited; and by reason of th

Kat Depreciation in the Price of Grain and other Agricufom >duce, the Rents and annual Value of Lands have been in mu]'cases reduced, and it hath been found expedient in certain Distrife*to abate from the Assessments in Proportion to such Redudfa*without Authority of Parliament ; Be it therefore further ena&t That all Abatements from Assessments made by CommissioncR acting for the general Purposes of the said Acts, on due Proof m their Satisfaction that any Lands, duly aflefTed at the Rent payable in the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, had been bona Jide let by a fresh Lease or Agn* ment at a Rent left than the Amount charged in the AfTeffmeot fa the said Year, to continue at such reduced Rent, during the Yar| Commencing from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hacked and fifteen, or that any Lands in the Occupation of the Owner thereof were aflefTed for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, at the full Rack Rent it which they were then worth to be let to a Tenant, have been finer*-duced in the annual Value thereof, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be confirmed and valid, and of the like Force as if the same had been made in pursuance and under the Provisions of ssr I Act or Acts of Parliament; and all and every Person or Perfoss, Commissioners and others, who shall or may have been in any manner concerned in advising, recommending or granting such Abatements in such cases and in such manner and under the like Circamstancesu 1 hereinbefore mentioned, shall be and they and every of them art ami 1 is hereby fully and effectually indemnified for so doing

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case where any Lands which were in the Occupation of any Tenant or Tenants at the time of making the Estimates of the Annual Value thereof, for the Purpose of aflemng the Duties thereon, for the Year ! ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall have fallen into and be in the Hands of the Owner or Owners, on the Failure or Quitting of such Tenant or Tenants, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, on Proof to their Satfaaftioa

tk

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

0* 65, '66*

577

that the Efthnate for the said Year was made on the full Rent referred, and they are hereby required to afTefs the said Lands for the subsequent Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or for Part of the said Year, as the case may require, on the actual Rent at which the same were worth to be let to a Tenant at Rack Rent for the Year last mentioned, any* thing in any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and in case any such Farm shall have been let to the same or to another Tenant or other Tenants at a reduced Rent, either for the whole or Part of the Year ending on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on like Proof to their Satisfaction of the actual Rent at which the same shall he so let, to abate the Assessment for that Year to the said reduced Rent from the time of so letting the same, whether for the whole or Part of the said Year last mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons who on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, were Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act passed in the Forty (ixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or were Commissioners for particular or special Purposes in the said Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned, in relation to any Duties payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall continue to be Commissioners for putting in Execution all and every the Powers referred to or contained in the said several Acts, and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting the said several Acts in Execution, with relation to the Rates and Duties therein mentioned respectively, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or any of them are or is or shall be authorized to put in Execution the said several Acts.

XIII. And be it further renacted, That all Bonds which have been entered into before the passing of this Act, by any Collectors of the said Duties, or their respective Sureties, for the doe Payment of the Monies coUefted by the said Collectors, or otherwise relating to their Officers, on undamped Paper, shall nevertheless be deemed good and valid, and that all Persons concerned therein or Parties thereto, shall be indemnified from all Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures on account thereof; and that all Bonds which shall or may be entered into by any Collector or Collectors of the said Duties after the passing of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby wholly exempted and made free from all Stamp Duties whatsoever, tmposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force with respect to the said last mentioned Duties, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for reducing the Duties payable on Horses, used for

the Purposes therein mentioned, for Two Years; and for

repealing the Acts granting Allowances in respect of Children. [22d June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the Purpose of granting temporary Relief to Persons occupying final! Farms, that 4 the Duties of Affessed Taxes now chargeable under certain Acts

< passed

Assessment

abated.

Commissioners under recited Acts continued.

Bonds entered into by Collectors exempted from Stamp Duty.

Indemnity from Penalties.

C.M.

56 GEO. III.

A-D

48G.3. e.J5. Sch. F. No. a. $ a G. 3. c. 93.

Discontinuing certain Duties, and imposing others on a reduced dealt.

Duties.

Farms of ?oL and under iool.

100L and under 150L

150L and under aooL

Who may have the Benefit of reduced AflefT-ment.

passed in the Forty eighth and Fifty second Yean of the F.

His present Majesty, in respect of Horses bona fide kept I

Purposes of Hu (ban dry, should be reduced, as herein aft:

vided, for a time to be limited May it therefore pleafi: Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it eoa&ed by The'Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Codi the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this ji Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Tka: and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hu&dei sixteen for the Term ot Two Years then next following*, the XI imposed and chargeable under and by virtue of the said (even11 so far as the same relate to the Duties payable for and in rdp Horses kept for the Purpose of Husbandry, by any Perfa Persons of the Description, or occupying any Farm or £date o Description and Value hereinafter mentioned, shall be difcootj and suspended $ and that from and after the said Fifth Day of^One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, during theContsnu; of this Act, there shall be substituted, charged and pud to Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties foQovn (that is to fav) on any Person occupying a Farm asTcnax Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than Two bus Pounds a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or Person occupying any Estate on any other Tenure than as Teas Rack Rent foleTy, or such Estate together with a Farm st J Rent, the Value of which in the whole shall be less than eqns to a Farm at the Rack Rent of Two hundred Pounds a \ (reckoningthe Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner the or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equity to double the Amount of the like Farm at the Rack Rest, ) making a Livelihood solely by such his own Estate, or by Estate and Farm jointly, for every Horse, Mare or Gelding, b of the Height of Thirteen Hands or more, of Four Inches to 1 Hand, bona fide kept and used solely for the Purposes of Huita there shall be charged the annual Sums hereinafter mentioned; ( is to say) in respect of such Estate or Farm estimated as afon to be under the Value of Seventy Pounds per Annum, the $* Three Shillings for each such Horse, Mare or Gelding; inidp of such Estate or Farm estimated as aforeihid, to be of the Vdac Seventy Pounds and under One hundred Pounds per Anuwn % ! Sum ot Five Shillings for each such Horse, Mare or Gelding; in respect of such Estate or Farm estimated as aforeihid to be of Value of One hundred Pounds, and under the Value of One bund and fifty Pounds per Annum, the Sum of Seven Shillings and SixW for each such Horse, Mare or Gelding; and in respect of i Estate or Farm estimated as aforesaid to be of the Value of v hundred and fifty Pounds, and under the Value of Two hanl Pounds per Annum, the Sum of Ten Shillings and Sixpence for in such Horse, Mare or Gelding: Provided always that nothing ben before contained shall be construed to preclude any Occupier of Lfl before described from the Benefit of such reduced Affeflinem u a said by reaion that he or she may have an Annual Incomfll exceeding the Value of Ten Pounds Starling, arising from any J Source that as before mentioned, unkih such annual Income or i Part thereof, shall arise by lending or letting the Horses, Manl

A. D. 1816.

£6° GEO. III.

C.66.

979

Geldings, in respect of which such reduced Afleffiment shall be made, to Hire, or by using the same in any Trade or Employment for Profit: Provided alto, that any Tenant quitting the Occupation of Appeal, his or her Farm at or after Midsummer in any Year may appeal to the Commissioners for executing this Act, and on Proof to their

Satisfaction that he or she shall have ceased to keep or use any Horses, Mares or Geldings by him or her used in the Cultivation of the said Farm from the time of his or her quitting the said Farm,

shall be entitled to be relieved and discharged from one Moiety of the annual A(fe(Tment payable in respect of the said Horses, Mares or Geldings in the Year subsequent to the time of his or her so quitting the said Farm.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Horses used on Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, during the Continuance of this Act, any Person occupying a Farm at Rack r e Jomt' Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than Fifty Pounds a Year, and

making a Livelihood principally thereby, or occupying any Estate at the Owner thereof, or on auy other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent, or such other Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of Fifty Pounds a Year, reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent, and making a Livelihood principally thereby, and likewise a Profit by any Trade or Employment, for every such Horse, Mare or Gelding as in this Act is mentioned, bona fide used for the Purposes of such Occupation, and of such Trade or Employment jointly, or either of them Separately, shall be charged for each such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Duty, the annual Sum of Three Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Waggoners* Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, during the Hafts.

Period limited by this Act, the Duties chargeable on Horses, Mares

or Geldings used for the Purposes of Riding, shall also be discontinued in respect of Horses, Mares and Geldings used by common Carriers, their Waggoners or Drivers, in the manner hereinafter mentioned; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, during the Period limited by this Act, there shall be charged and paid for every Horse, Mare or Gelding, not exceeding the Height of Thirteen Hands which shall be used by any common Carrier, or his or her Waggoner or Driver, in or for the drawing of any Waggon, or to accompany the same, although the Carrier, Waggoner or Driver having the Care of such Waggon, shall ride on such Horse, Mare or Griding while driving the said Waggon, the annual Sum of One Pound and One Duty. Shilling.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Perfen chargeable to ProvUbfor

the said reduced Duties, according to the true Intent of this Act, Horses employ-(hall also during the Continuance of this Act, be exempted from the*" Hu1(b#D?3 Duties payable under the said several A ft, in respect of One Horse, U

Mare or Gelding, bona fide kept and usually employed for the Purposes of Husbandry on hk find Estate or Farm, although the same

may be used occasionally for the Purpose of riding thmon.

: v. Aud

*C» 66*

56° GEO. III.

A. %

Proviso for Horses employed in carrying Fuel.

Mules carrying Or«, dec.

Doty.

Certain Mares kept for Breeding.

Duty.

Duties how levied.

Rates carried to

Consolidated

Fund.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person feekrr her Livelihood by the Carriage or Conveyance of Coal, Wo< or Turf, for Consumption as Fuel in private Houses, and not any other Employment, nor any Estate which shall yield an Income of Ten Pounds or upwards, and keeping not mo Four Horses, Mares or Geldings, shall from and after the fai Day of April One thousand eight hundred und (lateen, deri Period limited by this Act, be wholly exempted from Da the said Four Horses, Mares or Gelaings, provided that ch Horses, Mares or Geldings shall truly ana without Fraud he i used for the Purposes aforesaid, and no other; and provided tfca Coal, Peat or Turf be loaded on the Backs of such Horses, M; Geldings, or in a Cart or Carts, each whereof shall be drawn by One such Horse, Mare or Gelding, and no more.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Cad Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fixteea, daring Period limited by this Act, every Person seeking his or her £ hood by the Carriage or Conveyance of Ore, Slate or Stow Coal or Culm, to or from the Mine or Pit, and keeping any 1 or Mules, being respectively under the Height of Tnirteea H for such Purposes, shall be charged for each such Mole the a Sum of Three Shillings, provided that such Coal, Culm, Ore, or Stone be loaded on the Backs of such Mules, and not others

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the

Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, 6 the Period limited by this Act, for all Mares which have been or be used wholly for the Purposes of Husbandry, and which at ary during the Continuance of this Act shall be kept for breeding, shall be charged the like Duties, and no other, as would have chargeable in respect of the same Mares if they had continued used for the said Purposes of Husbandry.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties be substituted for and charged in lieu of the said Duties chargi under the said several Acts, shall, during the Continuance 5 A ft, be assessed, charged, raised, levied, collected and applied b the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Directions and Exenpi contained in the several Acts in force at and immediately before passing of this Act, relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, is like manner as the several Duties thereby granted, and by thh discontinued and suspended, are thereby directed to be char raised, levied, collected and applied, except as herein is other provided; and the said Duties hereby substituted for and charge lieu of the said Duties chargeable under the said several Acts, < be consolidated with and deemed a Part of the said other Dohe Assessed Taxes to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Du hereby imposed had been granted under the said several Acts.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies irifing the Duties hereby imposed (the necessary Charges of nifing; accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be p together with the said other Dudes, into the Receipt of I

" at lVe/lminster$ to the Account of A Sr!

to and made Part of the Consolidi

Majesty's Ex<

Taxes, and shall be Fund of Great Britain

- X. A

JX1816. 56° GEO. III., C. 66.

t X. AW Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of IhMrt'sjle'gn, tituled An Act for repealing the Stamp Office hlmmJJvertifemsntsf Almanacks, Newspapers, Gold and Stiver b % Coaches and Licences for keeping Stage Coaches, now fdk m Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu mft it vh coacted, that from and after the Twenty fifth Day Merck One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all such Parts y Ad or A da of Parliament as authorized the Commissioners Jacknrr Coaches to license any Hackney Coaches to be used Stage Coaches, and as exempted the Owners of Hackney dm already so licensed from taking out Licences from the nmif&ooers of Stamps and from the Payment of the Mileage tin on Stage Coaches, should be repealed, and that the Owners Hackiey Coaches then employed as Stage Coaches should be ile to take out Licences from the Commissioners of Stamps, I he fufejed to such and the same Duties as the Owners of tfny tx Stage Coaches; And Whereas the Owners of Hackney ichet were, before the Dud Ad, exempted from certain idled Taxes in respect thereof, which Exemption ceased from I hid Twenty fifth Day of March; and it is expedient that 7 fcodd not be charged with such AiTeffed Taxes in respect the Period between the said Twenty fifth Day of March and ! Sixth Day of April following; 9 Be it therefore further \edf That all Owners of Hackney Coaches used as Stage fees, who have taken out Licences for the same from the Commen of Stamps, shall not be charged or chargeable in the at Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight ked and Seventeen, with any assessed Tax or Taxes from which f were exempted prior to the passing of the said Act, on account their having kept and used their said Coaches as Stage Coaches |he Interval between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the \hDtty of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and i they shall be freed and discharged from the Obligation imposed he Acts relating to the Assessed Taxes, of delivering to the Son thereof Lius or Notices of their said Coaches as having \ kept and used by them as aforesaid, prior to the Sixth Day of i/Om thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or any other Lifts or on of their keeping and oiing such Coaches in the manner afore-tiurn they would have been obliged to do in case they had m to keep and use the same on the Day after the passing of this; sod that they shall be indemnified from all Penalties (if any) h they may have incurred in consequence of their not having ered any such Lifts or Notices as aforesaid prior to the passing tis Ad.

^1. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing \ this Act, a certain A & passed in the Forty sixth Year of the ingn of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to grant certain AlUwuces out of the Duties under the Management of the Com-wjInert for the Affairs of Taxes, to Persons in respect of the Number tf thar Children; and also a certain other Act passed in the Fifty (ccoaiYear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for updating the Allowances granted out of the Duties of Assessed Taxes to Persons in respect of the Number of their Children, by an dSfftl in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, and for

extending

*81

SS G.J. ci8j.

ft «

Hackney Coaches, licensed as Stage Coaches, exempted from Doty of Assessed Taxes for the Current Year.

Indemnified from Penalties*

46 G. 3* c. 84*

Si G. 3. c. 147* granting Allowances of Duty in refj>e& of

Children, /* pe*W.

S8£

C.66, 67.

56# GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

Act may be

altered, .See.

Officer*, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, who have been employed in The King's Service since June 22, 1801, and have not since deserted, and also the Wive* and Children of such, may set up and exercise Trades in any Part of this Kingdom, and shall not be liable to be removed from thence to their last legal Place of Settlement, until they become actually chargeable to the Parish; and if sued, upon pleading the General lfTue, they shall be acquitted, and be paid Double Coda of Suit.

extending the Limitation mentioned in the fold AQ in proportion to the Incrtofe of the said Duties, shall be and the same are hereby respectively repealed*

XII. And be it farther enacted, That this A A, or any of the Provisiods thereof, may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session o{ Parliament.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners and Soldiers, as hare been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades. [22d June 1816.]

WHEREAS there have been and are divers Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, who have served His Majesty in the late Wars by Sea and Land, some of whom are Men that used Trades, others that were Apprentices to Trades who have not served out their times, and others who, by their own Industry, have made themselves apt and fit for Trades 5 many of whom, the Wars being now ended, would willingly employ themselves in those Trades which they were formerly accustomed to, or which they are apt or able to follow and make use of for getting their Living by their own Labour, but are or may be hindered from exercising those Trades in certain Cities and Corporations, and other Placet within this Kingdom, because of certain Bye Laws and Customt of those Placesfor Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aisembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That all such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, as have been at any time employed in the Service of His Majesty since the Twenty second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, and have not since deserted the said Service, and also the Wives and Children of such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, may set up and exercise such Trades as they are apt and able for in any City, Town or Place within this Kingdom, without any Let, Suit or Molestation of any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by Reason of the using of such Trade, nor shall such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers or Marines, or their Wives or Children, during the time they shall exercise such Trades, be removable from such respective Place or Places, to his, her or their last legal Place of Settlement by virtue of any Law now in being relative to the Settlement of the Poor, until such Person or Persons shall become actually chargeable to such Parish or Place; and if any such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or any Child of any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine, shall be sued, impleaded or in-difted in any Court whatsoever within this Kingdom for uling or exercising any such Trades as aforesaid, then the said Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or Child of any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine, making it appear to the same Court where they are so sued, impleaded or indisted, that they have served His Majesty at aforesaid, or that he, ihe or they is or are the Wife or Wives, Guild

or

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C.67.

or Children of such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, who shall have so served His Majesty, shall, upon the General I flue pleacted, be found not guilty in any Plaint, Bill, Information or Indictment exhibited again It them; and such Person or Persons who, notwithstanding this Act, shall prosecute the said Suit by Bill, Plaint, Information or Indictment, and shall hare a Verdict passed against him or them, or become nonsuit therein, or discontinue his or their said Suit, shall pay unto such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or Child of such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine respectively, Double Coils of Suit, to be recovered as any other Costs at Common Law may be recovered; and all Judges and Jurors before whom any such Suit, Information or Indictment shall be brought, and all other Persons whatsoever, are to take Notice of this present Act, and shall conform themselves thereto; any Statute, Law, Ordinance, Custom or Provision to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Place where any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine shall set up and exercise any Trade as aforesaid, to cause such Mariner, Soldier or Marine, to be summoned before them in the City, Town or Place where such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine shall set up and exercise such Trade as aforesaid, in order to make Oath of the Place of his last legal Settlement, which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer, and such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine, is hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly; and such Justices are hereby required to give an attested Copy of such Affidavit so made before them to the Person making the same, in order that he may produce it when required; which attested Copy shall at any time be admitted as Evidence as to such last legal Settlement before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace: Provided always, that in case any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then on such attested Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other Person on his behalf, such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such attested Copy of his Examination, if required.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and every Part thereof, shall extend to all Officers and Soldiers who have personally served in the Militia, or any of the Fencible Regiments, from the said Twenty second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, for the Term of Five Years, and have been honourably discharged.

IV. Provided always, That this Act shall not be in anywise prejudicial to the Privileges of the Universities of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them, or extend to give Liberty to any Person to set up the Trade of a Vintner, or to fell any Wine or other Liquors within the said Universities, without Licence first had and obtained from the Vice Chancellor of the same respectively.

38S

When any Two Justices shall summon such Persons to give Evidence as to the Place of Settlement, they shall make Oath accordingly

Attested Copy of Oath given them.

Proviso for Militia Men and Fencibles who have served Five Years.

Proviso for the Two Universities.

cap.

$84

C.68.

56* GEO. I1L

A.D. 1818,

18 Car. a. c.5. I. in part repealed

7 & 8 W. 3. c. i. § a. in part, and other as herein mentioned and

14 0.3. c. 42. $ a. in part repealed.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to provide for a New Silver Coinage, and to regulate the Currency of the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm.

[22d June 1816.]

WHEREAS the Silver Coins of the Realm have, by long Use and other Circumstances, become greatly dimim&ed in

Number and deteriorated in Value, so as not to be sufficient for the Payments required in Dealings under the Value of the Current 4 Gold Coins, by Reason whereof a great Quantity of Light and

Counterfeit Silver Coin and Foreign Coin has been introduced into 4 Circulation within this Realm; and the Evils resulting therefrom

can only be remedied by a new Coinage of Silver Money, to be

made andiffiied under proper Regulations for maintaining its Value 4 and preferring the same in Circulation$' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and 'Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this 'present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the patting of this Act, so much of an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for encouraging of Coinaget and also so much of all and every other Act and Acts as provide and enact that whatsoever Person or Persons, Native or Foreigner, Alien or Stranger, should bring any Foreign Coin, Plate or Bullion of Silver, in mass, molten or alloyed, or any Sort or Manufacture of Silver, into His Majesty's Mint or Mints within the Kingdom of JEngland, to be there melted down and coined into the Current Coins of this Kingdom, should have the same there allayed, melted down and coined with all convenient Speed, without any Defalcation, Diminution or Charge for the Allaying, Coinage or Waste in Coinage, so as that for every Pound Troy of Sterling or Standard Sflver that should be brought in and delivered by him or them to be assayed, melted down and coined as aforesaid, there should be delivered out to him or them respectively a Pound Troy of the Current Coins of this Kingdom, of Sterling or Standard Silver, and so proportionality for a greater or letter Weight, or more or less, in Proportion to the Excels or Deficiency in Fineness of any such Builion, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act for remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and also so much of all and every other Act and Acts as declare, ena& or provide, that the Weight and Fineness prescribed by any Indenture theretofore made with' His Majesty's Matter and Worker for making of Silver Monies at the Tower of London, shall be and remain to be the Standard of and for the lawful Silver Coin of the Kingdom; and also so much of an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to prohibit the Importation of Light Silver Coin of this Realm from foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to refrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum % as enacts that any Silver Coin of the Realm/ less in Weight than after the Rate of Sixty two Shillings for every Pound Troy, shall be forfeited; and

of

1.D.1S1&

56* GEO, III.

C.68.

3*5

; >£ any Act or Acts for renting or continuing or making wr-petual tkProvifiona of the said lafr recited Act in this respect, mall, nmi^er the puffing of this Act, be and the same is and are

And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year Erffli* present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to revive and con- jftab wntil the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred 'mi ninety nine, an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of Bit present Majesty, Chatter forty two; videlicet, on the Thtr-katb Day of January One tooufand/even hundred and seventy four, htstded ' An Act to prohibit the Importation of Light Silver Coin

tthit Realm from foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ire-d, mi to refirain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum, 9 and t§ Mend the coining of Silver, after reciting that His Mtj/ekf and appointed a Committee of His Privy Council to take tBto Coofideration the State of the Coin of this Kingdom, and the present Establishment and ConfBtution of His Maieity's Mint, and that Inconvenience might arise from any Coinage of Silver until such Regulations might be framed as should appear necessary, and that from the then low Price of Silver Builion, owing to temporary Caoe&mcts, a small Quantity of Silver Bullion had been brought lo the Mint to be coined, and that there was reason to foppofe dot a frill further Quantity might be brought, and that it was therefore necessary to lufpend the Coinage of Silver for the atfont, it was enacted, that from and after the passing of the lad Act, no Silver Bullion should be coined at the Mint, nor fcodd say Silver Coin that might have been coined there be delivered, any Law to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: And 1 whereas Regulations with respect to a Coinage of Silver cannot be 1 carried into Efieft by reason of the said Enactment in the said lafr recited AdBe it therefore enacted, That from and after the aSag of dm Ad, so much of the said lafr recited Act as enacts at no Silver Bullion shall be coined at the Mint, and that no Silver 'ain that may have been coined there shall be delivered, shall be and be same is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of his Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Mailer and Porker of the Mint, at His Majesty's Mint in London, to coin or mfe to be coined any Silver Builion, which, at any time before or ter the passing of this Act, shall have been or shall be brought to delivered or deposited at the said Mint, into Silver Coins of a amdard and Fineness of Eleven Ounces Two Pennyweights of fine Iter, and Eighteen Pennyweights of Alloy in the Pound Troy, and Weight after the Rate of Sixty six Shillings to every Pound Troy, hether the same be coined in Crowns, Half Crowns, Shillings or tipeoces, or Pieces of a lower Denomination; any thing in any or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland re-jeftwdy, immediately before the passing of this Act, or any thing n a#] Indenture with His Majesty's Mailer or Worker of the said Mktfor the time being, or any Law, Usage or Cullom whatsoever o the contrary thereof in anywise notwithfranding.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Days nd during such Period of time as shall be named and appointed in nd bj any Proclamation or Proclamations which shall be made and 56 Geo- HI. C c issued

38 O.3. c. $9-§ a. repealed.

The Pound Troy of Standard Silver, Eleven Ounces Two Pennyweights fine, ft r. may be corned into Sixty six Shillings.

Old Silver Coin of the Realm brought to the Mint, may be

s*

CM.

s&atio. fn.

A.!>. IBM.

irhan^ctf for iti jflued for that Purpose, Mr br on 'behklf of ftis Mkjesty, b7 and still nominal with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council, it shall and fnay

Value in new Silver Coin.

be lawful for any Person or Persons to bring and deliver into the said Mint any Silver Coin of this Realm heretofore coined and current, which shall by any Officer or 'Officers of the Mint to be appointed for that Purjpofe by the Master of the said Mint, be judged and deemed to be tuch Silver Coin of the Realm; and that 'there shall .be delivered out from the said Mint, to every Person bringing in and delivering such Old Silver Coin a Sum in New Silver 'Coins, of Crowns, Half Crowns, Shillings and Sixpences, to be coined pursuant to the Directions of this A A, fequal to the Amount of the Silver Coins so brought in and delivered as aforefaiS, according to the respective Denominations of fulh Silver Coins- so that every such Person shall have and receive a 'Slim of Motiey equal in its Denomination in the New Silver Coinage, to the Sum for which the Old Silver Coin brought in shall have patted, according to the Denomination thereof; and all such Old Silver Coin so to be brought and delivered into and received at the said Mint, shall from time to time be melted down and coined into New Silver Coins of this Realm, according to the Directions of this Act respecting Money to be coined from any Silver Bullionbrought into or depouted at the said Mint in manner aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That during the Period mentioned ip any such Proclamation or Proclamations, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to appoint any Number of Persons at any Place or Places throughout the United Kingdom, for the Purpose of receiving all such Old Current Silver Coin of the Kingdoin, as shall appear to any Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the Master of the Mint for the Purpose of inspeAing the same, to be such Old Current Silver Coin, and for exchanging the same for New Silver Coin, according to their respective Denominations in manner aforesaid; and that such Persons shall give such Security, and shall render such Account, and shall be subject to, and shall obey all such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Directions, as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall in that behalf order and direct; and that all such Old Current Silver Coin, so to be received by any such Person so to be appointed, shall be transxnitted in such manner and at such times as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct, to His Majesty's Mint in London, there to be melted down and coined in manner aforesaid.

...... VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expira-

ut die Period ap- 'tion of the Period to be mentioned in any such Proclamation or Pro-pointed for re- clamations as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Person9 whomsoever, and all Persons are hereby authorized and required, to cut, break or deface, or cause to be cut, broken or defaced, any Piece or Pieces of Old Silver Coin of this Realm current at any time before the passing of this A A, which shall be tendered to them or any of them in Payment, and which shall be of less Value than the Denomination thereof shall import, and the Person tendering the same fh^ll bear the Loss; but if any such Piece so cut, broken or defaced, shall appear to be of the full Value which its Denomination shall import, the Person who shall cut, break or deface the same,

shall

Treasury may appoint Persons to receivs Old Silver Coin, and exchange same for new, at any Places throughout the Kingdom.

After the End

ceiving Old Coin of the Realm at the Mint, all Old Coin deficient in Value may be cut by the Person to whgm it shall be tendered.

A.D. 1016.

56° GEO. III.

C.68.

387

flikll and he is hereby required to take and receive the same at the Rate it was coined for; and if any Question or Dispute shall ante whether the Piece so cut be of less Value than its Denomination shall import, such Question or Dispute shall be heard and finally determined by the Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Chief Officer of any City or Town Corporate where such Tender shall be made} and if such Tender shall be made out of any City or Town Corporate, then by some Justice of the Peace of the County inhabiting or being near the Place where such Tender shall be made; and the Evidence on said Mayor or other Chief Officer and Justice of the Peace respect- Oath, ively, shall hare full Power and Authority to summon any Person or Persons to appear and give Evidence before him or them, and to administer an Oath, as he shall fee convenient to any Person, for determining any Questions relating to the Value and lawful Currency of any such Piece of Coin.

VIII. And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made

for the Loss arising from the Deficiency and Recoinage of the

Silver Coin of the Realm / Be it therefore enacted, That it shall Proviso for Lots and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commif- from fioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and <jjiver required to issue and apply or cause to be issued and applied, from time to time as they shall fee Occasion, such Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, as shall appear to be the Amount of any such Deficiency or Deficiencies, according to such Accounts to be from time to time delivered to the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, by the Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall for that Purnofe direct and require; and like-wife any such Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear to them to be requisite to defray all Charges and Expences in melting down such deficient'Money, and casting the same into Ingots and allaying the same; and also to advance such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall Tee Occasion from time to time, to the Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint for and towards the several Expences to be incurred in and about the Coinage of Silver Coin under this Act; and also to grant a reasonable Reward to such Persons as shall be appointed as aforesaid throughout the Kingdom, for receiving Old Silver Com and exchanging the same for New Silver Coin, and to all other Officers, Clerks and Persons employed in and about the several matters relating to this Act; and to discharge fill such other incidental Expences as shall occasionally attend the Execution of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Pay as Atyn«Day to shall be named and appointed in and by any Proclamation* which appointed kf shall be made and issued for that Purpose, by or on behalf of Hie

Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Native or Foreigner, brought to the to bring any Foreign Coin, or any other Coin, or reputed Com, Mmt, to*be Plate or Bullion of Silver, in mass, molten or alloyed, or any Sort of coined at the Manufacture of Silver, and to deliver the same at His Majesty's Mint gh"^fSlrt^

inLondon, to be there melted down and coined into Current Silver pound^Troy of

C c 2 Coins Standard Sifrer,

388

C.68,

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 181S.

Eleven Ounces Two Penny, weights fine, fee.;

of which Sixty two Shillings per Pound shall be delivered to the Party bringing in the Builion, and Four Shillings retained for Allaying, Loft and Coinage.

Such Sums of 4*. per Pound applied to Expence of Coinage, and Surplus (if any) carried to the Consolidated Farid.

Gold Coin declared the only legal Tender;

being the Weight and Fineness of the Mint Indenture.

Coins of this Kingdom; and such Silver Coin, Plate, Bullion or Manufacture so brought or delivered, shall be allayed at the said Mint, and melted down and coined with all convenient Speed, into Silver Coins of a Standard in Fineness of Eleven Ounces Two Pennyweights of fine Silver, and Eighteen Pennyweights of Alloy in the'Pound Troy, and in Weight after the Rate of Sixty six Shillings to every pound Troy, whether the same be coined in Crowns, Half Crowns, Shillings or Sixpences, or Pieces of a lower Denomination; and that as soon as conveniently may be after any such Silver Coin, Plate, Bullion or Manufactnre respectively, so brought to the Mint, shall be melted and assayed, there shall be delivered to the Person bringing in and delivering the same a Sum in Silver Coins, of Crowns, Half Crowns, Shillings or Sixpences, after the Rate of Sixty two Shillings of the Standard Fineness and Weight hereinbefore mentioned, for every Pound Troy of Standard Silver of the Fineness aforesaid, by such Person brought and delivered into the Mint, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Weight; and that for the Defalcation or Diminution and for the Charge for the A flaying. Coinage and Wade in Coinage of all such Silver so to be brought to the Mint as aforesaid, these shall and may be retained at the said Mint the Sum of Four Shillings of the Standard and Weight aforesaid, for every Pound Troy of such Standard Silver so brought in and delivered, and so proportionably for any greater or lesser -Weight, making in the whole after the Rate of Sixty six Shillings for every Pound Troy of such Standard Silver; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain ox Ireland* immediately before the passing of this Act, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X, And be it further enacted, That an Account mall be kept at the Mint of the Amount of all Sums of Money arising from the Allowance of Four Shillings for every Pound Troy of Silver to be retained at the said Mint, in manner aforesaid; and that all such Sums so retained shall in the first Place be applied in or towards the Payment of the Expences of the coining of such Silver; and the Surplus thereof (if any) after the Payment of such Expences, shall be carried to and made Part of the ConfoUdated Fund*

XL And Whereas at various rimes heretofore the Coins of this, ' Realm of Gold and Silver have been equally a legal Tender for 1 Payments to any Amount, and great Inconvenience has arisen from 1 both those precious Metals being concurrently the Standard Mea-

sure of Value, and equivalent for Property; and it is expedient < that the Gold Coin made according to the Indentures of the Mint ( should henceforth be the foie Standard Measure of Value and legal 4 Tender for Payment, without any Limitation of Amount, and that 4 the Silver Coin should be a legal Tender to a limited Amount only,

for the Facility of Exchange and Commerce ; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Gold Coin of this Realm shall be and shall be considered and is hereby declared to be the only legal Tender for Payments (except as hereinafter provided) within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the said Gold Coin mall hold such Weight and Fineness as are prescribed by the present Indenture with His Majesty'a Mailer and Worker of the Mint for making Gold Monies at His Majesty's Mint in London, and with such Allowance, called the Remedy, as is given to the said Master by the said Indenture; which

Weight

D.181&

56° GEO. III.

9M

height mi fmentfs are hereby declared to be and shall remain for e tar todard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Readme so' fcvnfats to Gold Coins of the Denominations at present in life* rfjafcd in the said Indenture $ and in case any Gold Coin or Mm any other Denomination shall hereafter be coined at the

treader any future Indenture, such Gold Coin and Coins shall the like Standard in Finenefa as the Gold Coins of the present Umhatxras, and shall hold such Weight as shall be proportionate le Weight of the present Gold Coins, according to the Value for ieh (och Gold Coin or Coins of any new Denomination shall be laved to be current.

I'll. And Whereas it is expedient that the Stlrer Coin of the Realm ftoald be a legal Tender by Tale, according to its Deno-meataon, to any Amount not exceeding the Sum of Forty ShUing« f Be it therefore enacted, That from and after such Day as fl be for tint Purpose named in any Proclamation, which at any e after the passing of this Act shall be made and issued, by or on all of His Majesty, with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy ascii, so much and such Parts of the Act made in the Foilrteento ar of lbs present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to prohibit t Imfvtnton of Light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign marks into Great Britain or Ireland, and to refrain the Tender ntnf beyond a certain Sums as enacts or provides or may be con* Kd to eim& or provide, that any Tender in Silver Coin of the afa shall be legal to the Amount of Twenty five Pound* or a mder for any greater Sum, according to its Value by Weight, and so so much of asy Act and Acts whereby the said last recited Act is Kftmued, tetiwd or made perpetual, shall be, and the same is and re hereby repealed accordingly: And that from and afterf uch Day i (bail be for that Purpose named in any such Proclamation to be dr nod iffned as aforesaid, no Tender ot Payment of Money made the Silver Com of this Realm, of any Sum exceeding the Sum of Hty Shillings at any one time, shall be reputed a Tender in Law, r mowed to be a legal Tender within the United Kingdom of 'rent Britain and Ireland, either by Tale or Weight of such 3ver Coo or otherwise howsoever $ any thing in the said recited A of the Fourteenth Ifcar of His present Majesty's Reign, or in j other Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of s Act, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise not-ihfandingi

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing tins Act, no Person shall by any Means, Device, Shift or Con- taoce whatsoever, receive or pay for any Gold Coin lawfully cur-xt within the United Kingdom of GtetUt Britain and Ireland, any ire or left in Value, Benefit, Profit or Advantage, than the true irful Value which such Gold Coin doth or shall by its Denommatt import; nor shall utter or receive any Piece or Pieces of Gold Icmof this Realm, at any greater or higher Rate or Value, nor at sy kb or lower Rate or Value than the same shall be current for i hjttnt, according to the Rates and Values declared and set pon them porfuant to Law j and that every Person who shall offend erein fall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and ring thereof convicted by due courte of Law, shall fuller Impri-ament for the Tern of Six Calendar Mouths, and shall find Sureties C c ft for

14 G. 3. c.41# i s. and ocher Alts ms herein mentioned, repealed after a Day to be named in The King's Proclamation for that Purpose*

No Tender of* Silver Goin legaf beyond 40s.

Current Gold Coin shall not he receivtd or paid for more or lets than its Value, according to it a Denomination*

C.88.

5fl° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816,

«AA

OOV

for hiU or her good Behaviour for One Year more, to be computed from the End of the fasd Six Months; and if the same Person shall afterwards be convicted of the like Offence, such Person shall for such Second Offence suffer One Year's Imprisonment, and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for One Year more, to be computed from the Ead of the f*id lad mentioned Year; and if the same Person shall afterwards offend against this Act, and shall by doe course of Law be convicted of any fobfequent Offence, he or she shall be imprisoned for the Term of Two Years for every such subse-quent Offence*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be convicted of receiving or paying any such Gold Coin contrary to this Act, shall afterwards be guilty of the like Offence, the Clerk of the Assize or Clerk of the Peace for the County, City or Place where such Conviction was so had, shall, ac the Requed of the Prosecutor or any other Person on His Majesty's behalf, certify such Conviction, for which Certificate Two ShilhngB and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid; and such Certificate being produced in Court, shall be fumcient Proof of such'former Conviction.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person against whom any Bill of Indictment shall be found at any Affixes or Sessions of the Peace for any Offence against this Act, shall be entitled to traverse the same to any fubdequent Assizes or Sessions; but the Court at which such Bill of Indictment shall be found shall forthwith proceed to try the Person or Persons against whom the same shall be found, unkfs he, she or they shall shew good cause, to be allowed by the Court, why his, her or their Trial should be podponed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on any Piofecution or Trial of any Offender or Offenders hereafter to be

prosecuted or tried for any Offence against this Act, it shall not be necessary to prove that the Gold Coin received or paid or uttered contrary to this Act, is the Current Gold Coin of this Realm, but the same shall be deemed and taken so to be, if received or paid or uttered as such, until the contrary thereof shall be proved to the Satis-fadion of the Judge, JufHce or Court before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be prosecuted or tried.

All other Acts XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Ad and relating to Silver Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting C«unded^cu>in of this Realm, or the clipping, dinunishing or counterfeiting to " of the same, or respecting any other matters relating thereto, ana

all Provisions, Proceedings, Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments therein contained or directed, not expressly repealed by this Act* and not repugnant or contradidory to the Enadments and Provisions of this Act, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect j .. and shall be applied and put in Execution with respect to the

Silver Coin to be coined in pursuance of the Directions of this. Ad, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same were repeated and reenacted in this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect, alter Or repeal any Clause, matter or thing in any Act or Acts made or to he made in this present Session of Parliament, whereby it is or may be enftded or provided that the Promissory Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englindt expressed to be payable

to

Second Offence. PimUhmenc.

Subsequent Of*

fence.

Persons convicted being again guilty, Clerk of the Peace shall cer-lify former Conviction.

Indictments nut to be traversed.

Proviso*

On Profecutkm, ndt.necessary to srove Money lawful.

Proviso for Payments in Bank of England Notes.

56° GEO. III.

AJX 1$\6*

C. 68, 69# $$i

to Bearer on Demand (called Bank Notes) shall be received for any Period in any such Act mentioned in Payment of all Sums of Money which are or shall become payable for any Part of the Public Revenue, and shall be accepted by the Collectors, Receivers and other Officers of the Revenue authorized to receive the same, if offered to be so paid, fraftiooal Parts of Twenty Shillings only excepted.my thing in this Act before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided alto, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Proviso for Pay-contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to 3ter or repeal n, ent* J* j*e-any Clause, matter or thing in auv Act or Acts in force in Ireland, [n7rimnBa^nkand, whereby it is enacted or provided that all Sums of Money payable Tokens, in Ireland* for any Part of the Publia Revenue there, shall be accepted by the Collectors, Receivers and oilier Officers of the Revenue, itt Ireland authorized to receive the same, in Silver Bank Tokens of the Bauk of Ireland, for Thirty Penpp, Ten Pence, or Five Penes respectively, which shall be issued during the Continuance of the;

Rjistriction on Payments in Cash by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if offered to be 1q paid; any thing in tlii|

Act before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise uQtwi}h«

Handing.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to continue, until ftie Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Ditties of Custon*s on Maddef imported into Great BnT tain, and for granting other Dutips in lieu thereof.

[22d June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of $4 0.3.c.*& His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain,

4 and for fronting other Duties in lieu thereof to continue m force until 4 the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and feoenteen s 4 And Whereas another A ft was passed in the same Session of Par- o. 3. c. 27. 4 liament, intituled An Act to reBifj a Mistake in an Act of the present Sejfkm of Parliament* for repealing the Duties of (fnflome on 4 Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties 4 in lieu thereof: And Whereas it it expedient that the said first re- cited Act, as altered by the second recited Act, should be condnued ; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That the said first Recited Act recited Act, as amended by the said second recited Act, shall be continued* continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

C c 4

C A Pi

C.70.

56 GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

3?)'2

37 3*c*7*

w

4» O.3.C.57.

54 0.3*

CAP. LXX.

An A&t to alter and amend several Acts relating to the Redemption of the National Debt of Ireland, and to make further Provision inrespect thereof. [aad June 1816.]

WHEREAS the total Capital of the Debt of Ireland, funded in Ireland in perpetual Redeemable Annuities, exiting on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand feten hundred and ninety seven, amounted to the Sum of Five millions eight hundred and twenty nine thousand one hundred and fifty six Pounds ' Thirteen Shillings and Four pence: And Whereas by several Acts passed in the Reign of His present Majesty 5 that is to say, an Act 4 passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting a 4 certain Fund in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a 4 Tear % to he by them applied to the Reduction of the National Dehtf 4 and to direS the Application of additional Fundi in case of future Loans to the Vtle Purpose; an Act passed in the Forty second 4 Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend so much or the said recited Act of the Thirty seventh Year as relates to the Commissiogers for carrying the same into Execution; and an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An 4 A8 to enable the Lords of the Treasury of Ireland to issue to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt a Sum equal to One 4 per Centum on the Amount of Treasury Bills outfianding in every 4 Tear (a), various Provisions were made for the gradual Reduction 4 of the said Debt existing on the Twenty fifth Day of March One 4 thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, and of the Public Debt 4 of Ireland since contracted: And Whereas by virtue of the said vieveral Acts the Sum of Seven millions eight hundred and ninety / two thousand five hundred and thirty Pounds Eighteen Shillings 4 an^ Sixpence of Funded Capital of the said Debt had on or before 4 thd Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen 4 been actually purchased by and placed to the Account of the Coiq* 4 missionera for the Reduction of the said National Debt, and which 4 said Sum so purchased by and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, exceeds the total Capital of the t'erpetual Redeemable Annuities of the Funded Debt of Ireland 4 funded in Ireland % existing on the Twenty fifth Day of March One 4 thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, by the Sum of Two mil* 4 lion8 sixty three thousand three hundred and seventy three Pounds 1 Five Shillings and Two'pence, and also produces an Interest or 4 yearly Dividend superior in Amount to the whole annual Charge of the Public Debt or Irelandfunded in Ireland in Perpetual Redeemable Annuities existing on the said Twenty fifth Day of March .4 One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven: And Whereas 4 the Public Burthens may at thi6 Period De greatly alleviated, and 4 the whole of the National Debt of Ireland now existing may*nevertheless be redeemed within Forty five Years from the Penods of the respective Loans by which the same was created, and 4 the Reduction thereof may be accelerated, if the Provisions of the said recited Acts were altered and amended in the manner herein* («) lSiG^.e.ito.2

after

A.D. 1816*

56° GEO. III.

C, 1o.

sds

c after exprefiedBe it therefore enacted and declared by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That Capital Debt of for the Purposes of this Act, an Amount of Public Debt equal to Ireland existitfg the whole Capital of the Public Debt of Ireland in Perpetual Re- 0, 1 M*rch deemable Annuities existmg on the said Twenty fifth Day of March difciwed^ijd One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, shall be deemed to be stock placed to fhtisfied and discharged; and that so much of the Capital Stock so Account of purchased by and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners Commissioners as aforesaid, and now (binding in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of e 1

Ireland, as Parliament by any Act or Acts to be patted fof that Purpose shall or may direct, shall be cancelled i and that the Interest or Dividends which shall have been payable on such Stock shall thenceforth cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ire landy or to be charged on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and the Money which Would have been applicable to the Payment thereof Money formerly shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce oi the Consoli- applicable to dated Fund of Ireland^ in order to make Provision for the Charge of to be-

any Addition to be made to the Public Debt of Ireland by way of CoofoUdated Loan, or in any other manner for the Service of the present or any future Year; and that from time to time whenever such a further Divedionj w Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Ireland shall have been pur- Commissioners chafed by and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners as in making fas* shall be equal to the whole Capital in Perpetual Redeemable Annui-ties, amHhall have produced an Interest or yearly Dividend equal in un* Amount to the whole annual Charge 6f each Loan contracted since the said Twenty fifth Dap, of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, the said Commissioners shall thereupon from time to certificate pub-time certify and declare the same to the Lord High Tre&futer or ufked in London Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who shall cause and Dublin tile said Certificate and Declaration to be ptiblished in the London Gaxettes* and Dublin Ga % ettes> and to be laid before Parliament (if Parliament shall be then fitting), but if Parliament shall not be tlien fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament; and Whenever any such Certificate and Declaration shall have been so made, published and laid before Parliament a* aforesaid, the Amount of Public Debt to which such Certificate and Declaration shall relate, shall from time to time be deemed and taken to be wholly satisfied and discharged, and an equal Amount of Capital Stock standing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall be considered to be redeemed by Parliament, and shall from time to time be cancelled as above mentioned, at such times and in such Proportions as shall be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed for that Purpose in order to make Provision for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Debt of Ireland by way of Loan, or in any other manner, any thing in any Alt to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided neverthelect, Proviso for that out of any Capital Stock to be cancelled as aforesaid these Life Annuities* shall always be reserved such Sum or Sums as shall produce a yearly Interest or Dividend adequate to make Provision for the Payment of all Life Annuities which may then be payableout of the Six*'

394

C. 70.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.

Uadi Stock be actually cancelect, Dividends to he applied to Account of Cora millioners.

CommiflSoners to purchase Public Annuities equal to Debt which eiifted previous to June 22, i8oa, and also redeem fubTequent Debts, within certain Periods.

Quarterly Sums iffuedand applied pursuant to recited Acts, till Public Debt shall be paid within 45 Years from its Creation.

Fund of Ireland, in case nosufficient Reservation of Stock shal time theretofore have been made for that Purpose*

IX. Provided always and be it further enacted* That in q whenever any such Capital Stock which may have been deck be satisfied and discharged as aforesaid, or any Part of such ( Stock, shall not be actually cancelled ia virtue of any Ad q of Parliament to be passed for such Purpose, then and in such case the Dividends of all such, Capital Stock as mar oat been cancelled shall in the meantime and until the same fluBJ actually cancelled, continue to be iiTued at the Receipt of m chequer of Ireland, and be placed to the i\pcqunt of them missioners for the Reduction of the National Debt at then Ireland, and shall be applied by them in the Redemption A National Debt in such and the same manner iu all rdpeds« Dividends of any other Capital Stock Handing in dor Nuq applicable for that Purpose*

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Tint any i Capital Stock as aforesaid shall never be deemed to be hiiilxt discharged or be cancelled by Parliament, in such a manner or to such Latent as might not leave in the Hands of (be Cud Con fioners a §ura sufficient (together with the other Fundi cri Money appropriated to them) to redeem or purchase an f of redeemable Public Annuities equal to such Part of the i the redeemable Annuities of the Public Debt of Inlaid as < previous to the Twenty second Day of June One thousand i hundred and two, within Forty five Years from the said T second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, redeem or purchase an Amount of redeemable Public Annuities ei to such Part thereof as hath been or shall be created fuUqa to the said Twenty second Day of June One thousand eight barf and two, within Forty five Years from the respective Periods of Creation of such redeemable Public Annuities respectively.

IV. And in order to make more effectual Provision for del demption of the Public Debt of Ireland within the Period of Fl five Years from the time of its Creation conformably to the ltd and meaning of the said recited Acts and of this Act; Beil ther enacted, That all and every the quarterly Sum and Sums via by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, are directdtfl issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, to the Go*# and Company of the Bank of Ireland on account of the Comsshl for the Reduction of the National Debt, shall from time to timed tinue to be so issued, and shall be applied by the said Comni&tt pursuant to the Directioos and under and according to the Kdb) tions and Provisions of the said recited Acts, either in Pajn&stt the Redemption or in the Purchase of the several redeemable ftbl Annuities of Ireland, until the whole of the Perpetual Redceaah Annuities now or which may hereafter become charged up1«Public Funds of Ireland shall have been completely rekmed < purchased within Forty five Years from the Creation thereof; aforesaid, any thing in the said recited Acts, or any of them) to i! contrary thereof ia any wise notwithstanding*

sa* GEO. III.

an.

395

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for discharging certain Arrears of r Crown and CompoGtion Rents in Ireland.

[22d June 1816.]

WHEREAS m and by an Act pried in the Fifty first Year 51 g 3. of the Reign of Hie present Majesty, intituled An Act for i 1.

r etrtmm Arrears of Quit* CronvnanJ Comtofition Rents, t ken gromsmg dme tie Ireland j it is amonrft other things i fit it shall and may be lawful for every Period and Per-, BofiwPoGtic and Corporate, at any dme before the Twenty March, which will be in the Year One thousead eight feed ad twenty one, to prefer his, her or their Petition or Pfcti.

1 to Hh Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, thereby forth, that at! or some of the Lands, Restory, Abbey, j, Mmftery Lands, Tythes, Fairs, Tenements and Heredit-1 a Ireland, whereof he, (he or they is or are seised, is or or Gable to some certain Quit Rent, Crown Rent,

1 or other Chief Rent payable to His Majesty, his 1 ad Soccessors, which bath not been paid for the Space of Tten next immediately preceding the Twenty ninth Day'r in the Year One thou find eight hundred and ten, in r and Form, and containing such Particulars, as in and I the Witched Act is and are prescribed, directed and appointed)

1 lthstttVy Examinations in a Summary way it shall appear to the rat of Exchequer that no Quit, Crown or Composition Rents, r other Rots is aforesaid, hath been paid or accounted for by r ChDeftor of His Majesty's Revenue out of such Lands, Rec-ff Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tythes, Fairs, Tenements Hereditaments, within the Term of Twenty Years next before i Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred i tea, and that 00 Proceedings have been bad by or on behalf of i M&fty for Recovery of Such Rent within the said Twenty rs, the said Court is by the said recited Act authorized and I to make an Order that the said Lands, Restory, Ab-jjr, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tythes, Fairs, Tenements and He-''tunents mentioned in such Petition, and the Persons who from i to time respectively held and enjoyed the same, should be abfo-ly freed and discharged of and from all such Rent and Arrears t or in Arrear at any time before the said Twenty ninth Day of Umber One thousand eight hundred and ten; but where Pro-dug* shall have been had for Recovery of such Arrears within the ice of Twenty Years as aforesaid, and before any such Petition 1 be preferred, that then such Lands, Restory, Abbey, Priory,

|ooaftery Lands, Tythes, Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments,

1 the Persons who from time to time held and enjoyed the same,

& be discharged of and from all Arrears of such Rents to the 1 Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and 1 four: And Whereas it is expedient to amend the said AftBe it (More enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and.with tk Advkfc and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal

and

e. 91.

396

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Court of Chao* cry, in addition to Order to be made under recited Act, to direct Auditor General to enquire whether any Proceedings bad been taken for Recovery of Renti, and what Coda had been incurred, fee. Costs paid by Petitioners.

43 G.j.c. i*z.

a 71, 72.

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, in addition to the Order which the said Court of Exchequer is in and by the said recited Act authorized and empowered to make, upon any Petition or Petitions filed under the Provisions of the said recited Act, such Court shall and is hereby required to order and dirfcd shat the Auditor General or his Deputy shall enquire and certify to the said Court# by a certain Day to be appointed by the said Court, whether any and what Proceedings had been taken by or on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for Recovery of such Rents, at any time before such Petition or Petitions shall have been preferred as aforesaid, and whether any and what Costs and Expences had been incurred by or on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Recovery of such Rents, a Copy of which Order shall be served on the Solictor of The King's Rents Ten Days at the lead before the Day appointed for the making of such Certificate, and upon the Return of such Certificate the said Court of Exchequer is hereby authorized and required to make an Order on such Petition or Petitions; and that lueh Person or Perfoas, Bodies Politic or Corporate, so preferring his or their Petition or Petitions as aforesaid, after such Proceedings shall have been had or taken on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors as aforesaid, shall in all such cases pay to the Solicitor for His Majesty's Rents all such Costs and Expences as shall on such Certificate appear to have been incurred on such Proceedings, the same being duly ascertained and taxed by the proper Officers; and such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall pay such Costs and Expences accordingly, before the said Court of Exchequer shall make any Order on such Petition or Petitions to discharge such Arrears of Quit, Crown or Composition Rents, or other Chief Rents as aforesaid $ any thing in the said recited A ft to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to continue and amend so much of an Act of tho Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for authorizing the billetting and subjecting to Military Discipline certain Yeomanry Corps, and Officers of Cavalry or Infantry, as relates to such Corps in Ireland. [aad June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for authorizing the billetting of such Troop* of Teomanry and Volunteer Cavalry*a* may be dejirous of ajfcmbling for the Purpose of being trained together, in Great Britain and Ireland; and for subjeffing to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Teomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry at receive constant 4 Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers or Bmglei 'em serving therein, and receiving Pay at any Daily or Weekly Rate; and for the farther regulating of such Teomanry and Volunteer Corps; which Act was to continue and be in force during the Continuance of the 4 War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive 4 Treaty of Peace with France: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for co*

4 turning

A.D. 1816.

£6° GEO. III.

c. 72.

997

Unuing to much of the said recited Act at relates to such Corps

in Inland, the said recited Act was continued until the End of

this present Session of Parliament, and it is expedient that the same < foould be further continued, so far as relates to such Troops or

Corps in Ireland/' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That the said recited Recited Act, f# Act of the Forty third Year of His Majesty's Reign shall be and far a* relate* to continue in force, so far as relates to any such Troops or Corps Corpiin Ireland, in Ireland, from the time of the passing of this Act until the Ex- tlnued C°*" piration of One Year next after the passing of this Act, and from

thence until the End of the then next Semon of Parliament; and that ail such Provisions and Regulations in the said recited Act contained, so far as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland, as by the said Act are applied during War, or during the Continuance of War, or during the Continuance of the War and until Six Months after the Ratification of such Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall be in force, as amended by this Act, during the Continuance of the said recited Act as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall andmay be lawful to LardLkutentnt and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors m*Y

of Ireland for the time being, to make such Orders, Rules and m rela'-

Regulations, and from time to time to alter the same, in relation to cubing and the Pay, Clothing and Allowances of such Troops and Corps, or Allowance*, any of them, and also as to any Certificates, Vouchers, Receipts or Orders for the regulating or managing such Pay, Clothing or Allowances, or the Iftue of any Public Money from His Majesty's Treasury in Inland, or from any Fund whatsoever for or on account of any such Pay, Clothing or Allowances, and to require such Proofs or such Affidavits before any Justice or Justices of the Peace relating to the said matters, or any of them, as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think fit j every such Order,

Rule and Regulation, to he notified in the usual manner by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or, in his Absence, by the Under Secretary for the Military Department in the said Chief Secretary's Office.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Entry of any such Or- Entry of Regul-der, Rule or Regulation, in the proper Book to be kept for that at5oi1sn Book of Purpose in the said Military Department of the Chief Secretary's

Office, or an examined Copy of such Entry, shall, in all Courts Chief S^rnary whatsoever, and on all Trials and Occasions whatsoever, be deemed, fuffirient Evi- 1 taken and received as good and Sufficient Evidence of such'Rule, deuce.

Order or Regulation, and of the due and regular Notification thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Affidavits re-to and for any Justice and Justices of Peace, and they are hereby quired by such required, respectively, to take any Affidavit required to be taken or Re*ujJ*ll°T* made by or before a Justice or Justices of the Peace by any such 2ny Rule, Order or Regulation; and if any Person making such Affidavit juatre.

shall fwta* faifely therein, every such Person shall for every such Offence be deemed and adjudged guilty of wilful and corrupt Peijury, Perjury, and shall Suffer such Pains, Penalties and Punifoment as Persons guihy

of wilful and corrupt Penury shall be then by Law liable to.

V. And

56° GEO. III,

998

Continuance of

Aa.

What shall be deemed sufficient Evidence for Conviction.

C. 72, 73, 74.

A. D

V. And be it further eaacted, That this Act shall coni force until the Expiration of the Year next after die passing t and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia

CAP. LXXni.

An Act for removing Difficulties in the Conviction of ( ders Healing Property from Mines. [22d June (

WHEREAS the Minerals, and the Timber^ Iron vi\ 4 W Materials used in or for the working of Mines ae 4 exposed to Depredation: And Whereas great Difficubi 4 been experienced in prosecuting to Conviction and bragi 4 Justice Persons who have stolen such Property, by rnfoo ( 4 Rule of Law which at) present prevails throughout that ft 4 Great Britain called England, for fettine forth b bdidaait 4 Larceny the Names of all the Persons who may k the Owoc. 4 or are interested in the Property stolen: And Whotutk Ida 4 of such Property may be ascertained and deformed is efc&o 4 by averring the lame in such Indictment to be the Ptopetyoft 4 one or more of the Partners in such Mining Concern!, a&ti 4 his or their Partners or Co Adventurers, without naming! 4 other Partners or Co Adventurers; 9 Be it ena&cdby Tk hi Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content d Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present ft ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Tint fna after the passing of this Act it frail and may be lawful, and il deemed sufficient, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, fa Conviction of any Offender or Offenders charged b any Iodidi with Grand or Petty Larceny for or on account of ftealfaganyl^ rals, or any Timber, Iron or other Materials used b or fcr the vi ing of Mines, being the Personal Property of any Compay Adventurers carrying on the same, to alledge sad ever the Minerals, Timber, Iron or other Materials so notes are the Prop of some one or more of the Partners or Adventurers in I Mining Concern, and others his or them Partners or Co Adieu without naming such other Partners or Co Adventurers; and i such Form of describing the Property stolen from such Company Adventurers shall be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoew, valid and effectual in Law as if the same were averted to bet Property of all the Owners thereof, and as if the Names of dh Owners were particularly and distinctly set forth b such Indite any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any* notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for the Purchase of certain Lands, Tenements n Hereditaments at Sbeerne/s and Chatham, in the Const} < Kent, for the Use of the Navy. [24th June 1816

' \WHEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty fhouUbeo*Vy bled to purchase the Lands, Tenements and Hemtofi 4 hereinafter particularly mentioned and described, for the Pnrpd 4 of the same being added to or used with and for the Purpafesu 4 Service of His Majesty's Dock Yards at Sheenefi and Chnk4. respectivelyBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most &

15 ceiln

L

A.t>. 1*16.

56° GEO. III.

C. 74.

S9»

cellcnt Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords*

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall be lawful Tht Admiralty to and for the Lord High Admiral, or any Three or more of theutlJorj*€ Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of whh Owner* for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the time being, the Purchase of from time to time, by any Writing under their Hands, to authorize the Landthere-Sny Person or Persons to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners,D described. Person or Persons interested, for the absolute Purchase of all that Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground situate and being at a Place called Blue Town, in the Parish of Minjhrt in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, bounded on the North by the High Street, including the whole of that Street up to the Boundary Fence of His Majesty's Dock Yard at Sheerness, as far as the Road leading from the said High Street to the Garrison, and in other Part up to the Entrance of the said Road, and the Fronts of Houses and Buddings landing on Ground belonging to His Majesty, lately transferred or given up by the Ordnance to the Navy department, as far as the East Side of Chapel Street; on the South by the Boundary Ditch of certain Lands or Grounds belonging to or occupied by the Board of Ordnance; on the East, by Chapel Street, including all such Foot nnd other Pavement and Ground on the West Side of that Street, and lies to the Westward of a Line to be drawn parallel to the East Side of the Tame Street from the outermost Edge of the Foot Pavement at the South End, to the outermost Edge of the Pavement at the North End, and thence across the High Street to the said Ground and Buildings lately transferred to the Navy Department as aforesaid;

On the West, in Part by West Street, including the whole of that Street up to the Boundary Fence of the said Dock Yard, in Part,

*mi in other Part by the Embankment of the River Medway, together with all and singular the Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, and all other Ere&ions and Buddings eredfej} and built on the said Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, or any Part thereof 5 and also all that Pier or Jetty situate at Sheerness aforesaid, commonly called or known by the Name of The Sheerness Pier, or Blue Town Pier, and the Toll House thereto belonging, and all Eregions and Buildings whatsoever erected and built thereon; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Fresh Marsh Land, containing by Estimation Eighteen Acres and Thirty nine Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, with the Two Messuages or Dwelling Houses, and other Ere&ions Handing thereon, situate and being in the Parish of Gillingham, in the said County of Kent, bounding to the Piece or Parcel of Salt Marfti next hereinafter mentioned and described, or the Creek or Fleet separating the same from the said Piece of Fresh Marsh Land, towards the North, to Marsh Lands belonging to His Majesty towards the South, to the other Piece or Parcel of Fresh Marsh Land hereinafter mentioned and described towards the West, and to the Creek called Saint Mary's Creek towards the East, as the same Premises now are or late were in the Tenure or Occupation of John Bafeden, or his Under Tenants; and also all that Piece or Parcel of broken Salt Marsh lying and being on the East Side of the said Piece or Parcel of Fresh 'Marsh hereinbefore mentioned and 'described, and between it and the said Creek called Saint Mary's Creek; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Salt Marsh Land, containing

400

a 74.

56° GEO. III.

A-I;

Bodies Politic* &c. and incapacitated Persons may contract for the Sale.

taining by Estimation Seven Acres, Two Roods and Three ]1 or thereabouts, be the same more or less, situate and beiiq; Parish of Gillingham aforesaid, bounding to the River Mods i wards the North, to the Piece or Parcel of Fresh Marsh Land mentioned and described, or the said Creek or Fleet feparufcii same from the said Piece or Parcel of Salt Marsh, towards die i! to Land belonging to His Majesty towards the West, and to di Creek called Saint Mary* Creek, or the Entrance thereof ttl the East, as the same is now or late was in the Tenure or Otm of the said John Bafeden9 or his Under Tenants; and sli»fc| Creek or Fleet between the said Piece or Parcel of Fresh Mall and the said Piece or Parcel of Salt Marsh Land hereinbefaei tioned and described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Fresh 1 Land, containing by Estimation Seven Acres, One Rood sad T five Perches, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, wkk the S and other Ere&ions thereon, situate and being in the Por&h of lingham aforesaid, bounding to the said Piece or Pndl of Fi Marsh Land hereinbefore mentioned and described towarfe the No and East, and to Lands belonging to His Majesty towarfc the 8m and West, as the same now are or late were in the Tenure or I cupation of the said John Bafeden or his Under Tenants; aaAj all those Twelve several Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Hoi with the Yards, Gardens, Backsides and Appurtenances to thj severally belonging or appertaining, situate and being at so commonly called Tom-all-alone'* (and so me times called PrimcefitA near the said last mentioned and described Piece or Parcel of Marsh, and in the Parish of Gillingham aforesaid, as the same am or late were in the several Tenures or Occupations of George A dnn Rich Widow, France* Spencer Widow, Thomas Hartley»I Flewf Charles Plea/ance, Line Purcell, Thomas Clark9 Thomas J the younger, George Clark9 James Clark9 and Thomas Madcray* by whatsoever other Name or Names, Quantities, Qualities or I feriptions, Abuttals and Boundaries, the said several Pieces or Pm of Land, Messuages or Tenements, Iner or Jetty, and Premifo, any of them, or any Part thereof, may be better calied, known on tinguished, and all Ways, Paths, Pastages, Fleets, Creeks, Dkd Banks, Walls, Fences, Easements, Liberties, Privileges and Astt tenances what foe ver to the said several Pieces or Parcels of Lamm Messuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, Ere&ions, BsqUm Pier or Jetty, and Preroifes hereinbefore mentioned, every cri of them, or any Part or Parts thereof belonging or in any* appertaining.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for 1 Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and all Fedfc or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, and for aD To nants for Life and Tenants in Tail, and for the Husbands, Guardian Trustees, Committees, Curators or Attornies of such of the Owner or Proprietors of, or Persons interested in any of the Lands, Tew ments or Hereditaments aforesaid, as shall be Femes Covert, Infun Lunatics, Ideots or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapabl vf acting for themselves, and to and for all and every Person aJ Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or pofieffed of or 'i any wife interested in any of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditament* hereinbefore mentioned or described, or any Part thereof, to cootrtl

A.D. 1816,

56*G£0.IIL

C. 74.

401

Sftid agree with such Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid for the absolute Sale of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and to convey, fui-render or grant the same unto the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three or more of them, in Trust for His M&jesty, his Heirs and Successors accordingly, and all such Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, Surrenders, Grants and Agreements shall be viilid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Bodies, or other Persons hereby authorized to contract on behalf of themselves or others as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons interested in any of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Notice in Writing subscribed by such Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, shall have been given to the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body, or to such other Persons hereby authorized to contract on behalf of others, or interested themselves as aforesaid, 'or left at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, refuse or decline to treat or agree, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from receiving any such Notice, and from treating or agreeing with such Person gr Persons authorized as aforesaid or shall refuse to accept such Sum of Money as shall be offered by such Person or Persons, as the Consideration for the absolute Purchase of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid to require Two or more Justices of the Peace, or Three or more Deputy Lieutenants (One of whom shall be a Justice of the Peace of the said County of Kent) to put His Majesty's Officers into immediate Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which such Justices or Deputy Lieutenants are hereby required to do, and shall for that Purpose issue their Warrant under their Hands and Seals commanding Possession to be so delivered; and shall also issue their Warrant to the Sheriff of the said County of Kent to summon a Jury, and every such Sheriff for the time being is hereby authorized and required, on Receipt of any and every such Warrant, to summon and return a Jury properly qualified, of the Number of Twenty four, and in the manner required by the Laws of England* who shall meet at some convenient time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, out of whom a Jury of Twelve shall be drawn, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are drawn by Law in England; and in case a sufficient Number shall not appear, the said Sheriff shall choose others of the Bye Standers, or that can speedily be procured, being qualified as aforesaid, and the said Jurymen may be challenged by the Parties on either Side, but not the Array; and the said Justices or Deputy Lieutenants respectively may summon Witnesses and adjourn any such Meeting if Jurymen or Witnesses do not attend, and the Jury on hearing any Witnesses and Evidence that may be produced, shall, on their Oaths, (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Witnesses, the said Justices or Deputy Lieutenants respectively are. hereby empowered and required to administer, ) find tlte Compensation to be paid for the absolute Purchase of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of

66Cbo.UI. Dd Lord

Contract s valid.

In default of treating, Two Justicea may put His Majesty't Officer* in Possession.

Warrant to Sheriff to summon Jury.

If no sufficient Number than a Jury rfe circum-(Until; us.

Compensation to Owner*.

Parties dHTatk-fed with Verdict of Juxy, may

408

M'GEO.IIL

AD. IS

apply to Court of Exchequer, who may direct an Inqutfirion to be had before the Justices of Af-fixeand Nisi Prius, to ascertain Compete Cation.

Verdict of Jury returned to Court of Exchequer.

Jury also totf-certain the Proportion to ho paid to Leftees, Ac.

Jury on Enquiry 1 before Judge may alter Proportion*

C.74.

Lord High Admiral aforesaid, or any Ferfon interfiled therm, be dissatisfied with the VerdiA of any such Jury, it Audi be k for them or their Attornies to apply to the Court of Excheqw We/lminster, hi the Term neat after the Adding of any such Vm and to suggest to the said Court that they have reason to be A isfied with such Verdi A, and forthwith give Notice thereof It said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners, or Party (at thr 4 may be), and thereupon the Proceedings that shall have beenUl the VerdiA of such Jury shall be returned into the hud Court dfl chequer, and if it shall appear to the said Court to be proper, til gestion shall be entered on such Proceedings as aforesaid, at Writ shall thereupon, by Rule of such Court, bs directed tit Sheriff of the said County of Kent* to fumtnon either s Cason Special Jury, according to the Application that shall hare bees os in that behalf, and as the Court shall allow, and who (haJfir/peAiff be qualified according to Law to appear before the JaAioet ofAfiu and Nisi Prius of the said County of Kent, at the antAAm < Sittings of Nisi Prius, if the same shall not happen faoner da Twenty one Days after such Suggeition, otherwise at the nut hi ceeding Assizes or Sittings, and the Compensation to be peidford absolute Purchase of such Lands, Tenements or Hemfitiments k at such Assizes or Sittings be ascertained by such Jury in like ner as any Damages may he enquired of upon any InquiHbon <ri quiry of Damages by any Jury before any Judge of Afire el Prius, and the VerdiA of such Jury shall be returned to tki Court of Exchequer, and shall be final aa&condufive, unkfstki Court of Exchequer shall think fit, on any Application madeitt Four Days after the Commencement of the succeeding Tern Session, to order any new Trial in relation thereto.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it fid lawful for any Jury impannelled before any Jpftice of the Poet1 Magi fixates, or Deputy Lieutenants, or before any Judge of AS or Nisi Prius, to ascertain the Compensation to be paid for any Laj Tenements or Hereditaments under this A A, and they are heres required to ascertain and settle the Proportion to be paid out of k Compensation to any Person or Persons having any IntereitisLefi or Tenants for Years at Will, or otherwise, in any such Im Tenements or Hereditaments, and the Proportion to be paid in such Compensation shall be returned on the VerdiA: Provided^ that where any such Enquiry before any Judge of Assize or Prius shall be had on the Application of any such Lessee or nant for Years or at Will, or other Person having sny inferior terest in any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, who fll have been dissatisfied with the Proportion or Compensation settle by the Jury to be paid in respect of such Interefi, it shall not beW ful. for the Jury in any such case to alter the Amount of the entk1 Compensation awarded by any former VerdiA to be paid for l'oc Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, but only the Proportioste to be paid to tlje Person or Persons having a Separate Interrft therraj and it shall not be lawful for any Jury, on any Enquiry had any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius as to any such Compcnktioii fl the Application of the said Lord High Admiral, or Commffiona for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, to dj the Proportion that (hah have been settled by any such former Jfl at to any separate Interest in any such Lands or HereditiaeBts. 1

56° GEO. III,

403

G74.

jfodded also, and be it further emtcted, That it shall be W0*U fir the Court making any such Rule to require that the ffcflyraka& Application the reme shall be made shall give such tapfras shall to such Court feenr proper for Payment of Coftl, Track Ctrcmnftanoea aa shall be specified in any Rule made for

TOL And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Wf shall have been or shall be agreed, or shall have been or shall fcrad by the Verdict of any Jury to be paid or given for any of 1 lands, Tenements or Hereditaments hereinbefore mentioned and (abed, belonging to any Person or Persons under any Disability 1 licapadty, or abfont, or not having the absolute Interest therein, a same ftu be paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty'a Navy for tar hew into the Hands of the Deputy of The Kind's Re-hacpr of His Majesty's said Court ot Exchequer for the time mg for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons, and the said epety Remembrancer is hereby authorized and required to receive A to give a Discharge for the same, and upon the Receipt thereof fin a Certificate to the Barons or Judges of the said Courts of' aoeqwr raider his Hand, purporting and signifying that such faey or other Consideration was received by and paid to him 1 Punmnce of this Act, for the Use and Benefit of such Person r Persons who shall be named and described in such Certificate, and a hid Certificate shall be filed in the said Court of Exchequer, d a tree Copy thereof signed by the Deputy Remembrancer of A Coart shall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the vrposes hereinafter mentioned; and the faicj Deputy Remembrancer ft hereby required upon Receipt of any such Sum or Sams of Money*afoitdaid to pay the same into the Bank of England; and ip&-mdate/r upon the filing of such Certificate the said Lands, Tene-*dts and Hereditaments shall be and become veiled in or to the ffc of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors*

VIIL And be it further enp&ed, That the Barons or Judges of fi» Majesty's Court of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif for W time tang respectively, or any Two or more of them, shall be sixhtrut nereby authorized and empowered, ip a summary way, pm Motion or by Petition for and on behalf of any Person or Perns interested in or entitled to the Benefit of the Money so paid to d received by the find Deputy Remembraneer, or the Interest of educe thereof, and upon reading the Certificate deeded to be ped by the said Deputy Remembrancer concerning the same as ostbid, and receiving such further Satisfaction as they shall think stflary, to make and pronounce such Orders and Directions for lying the said Money, or any Part of the same, or for placing out eh Part thereof as shall be Principal in the Public Funds, or upon KntrmBeot or Real Securities, and for Payment of the Dividends r Interest thereof, or any Part thereof, to the respective Persons afttd to receive the same, or for laying out the Principal, or any Part thereof, in the Perchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, to conveyed and settled to, for and upon the same Uses, Trulls, intents and Purposes as the said Lands and Hereditaments so taken hood finltd at the time of the Payment of such Money as aforesaid, r at nor as the same can be done, or otherwise, concerning the dif-of the £«4 Mwey, or a»y J?*rt thereof, and tjip IntfTfft of D d 2 the

Security for Payment of Colts.

Money belong, ing to incapacit* ated Perfoos how drfposed of.

Court of Exchequer on Application of fu ch' Pertons for Dtf-position of such Money may give Direct ioov therein.

Securities, &c. to vest in Deputy Remembrancer for time being without any Assignment.

Where no Deputy Principal to here lame Powers.

lastead of the

Duties repealed, for erery La ft of Rape or Cole Seed imported.

New Duty.

Duties under Management ef Commissionert ef CuAoms.

C. 74, 75. 56° GEO. III. A.D.U

the same, or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Person or Tons entitled to and interested in the same respectively, or fa pointing any Person or Persons to be Trustee or Trustees fort any of lueh Purposea at the said Court shall think just and rafts

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death or Ret of any such Deputy Remembrancer all Stocks and Securities in him by virtue of this Act shall vest in the succeeding Da Remembrancer for the Purposea hereinbefore mentioned wrthm Assignment or ^Transfer; and all Monies paid into the ttj England in pursuance of this Act, or remaining in the Hum Deputy Remembrancer at his Death or Removal, and not the Funds or placed out on Securities as aforesaidi, shall be pride to the fucceeaing Deputy Remembrancer for the time being.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, Thatifin anyt The King's Remembrancer shall execute the said Ofice n Perl then and in such case the several Trusts, Powers and Aatborit by this Act vested in the said Deputy Remembrancer sod hi* Su cessors, shall, during such time as no Deputy Reraftnbmcer III be appointed, be veiled in and be executed by the fad ll| Remembrancer for the time being.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs upon the Import* into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed and Cole Seel* to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. [24th Jm M

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Customi«W payable upon the Importation into the United Kingk«of Rape Seed and Cole Seed should be repealed, and thitodj«Duties should be imposed in lieu thereofBe it therefore enft by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adnce^ Confentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, hi prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the ft* That from and after the First Day of July One thouundeighths dred and sixteen, the Duties of Customs payable by Law upoi d Importation into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed andColcS* thau cease and determine, fare ana except in all cases relating Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain uspRo to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which Ibfthaj been incurred at any time before the said First Day of July OwM sand eight hundred and sixteen; and that from and after tkfi( Day, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there IbM raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Hein Succeflora, for every Last of Rape Seed or Cole Seed imported k( the United Kingdom the Sum ot Ten Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties 1 shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England iHaDbeurit the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Enjb* for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Pat* Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of 4 Commissioners of Customs in Scotland for the time being; and M thereof as shall arise in that Part of the United Kingdom am Inland shall be under the Management of the Commiflwnm of tfc Customs and Port Dutici ip Ireland for the time bring.

Ill A*

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 75, 76*

#05

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be m*» Duds* tow naged, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered in fuchlevW* and the like manner as any Duties of Customs of a like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for Securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain or Ireland; and all Pams, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses,

Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full force and effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Puiposes, as if they were at large repeated and reenaCted in this A A.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from time to Application of time anting from the said Duties in Great Britain, the necessary Duties. Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted,

shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster % under the Head of Consolidated Customs, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and that all the Monies anting from the said Duties in Ireland\ the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being dedusted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of IrelandL

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, Act may to amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present altered, Sec. Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for repealing the several Bounties on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, from any Part of the United Kingdom, and for allowing other Bounties in Heu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

[24th June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the several Bounties respectively allowed on the Exportation, from any Part of the 4 United Kingdom, of Sugar in any way refined within the United*Kingdom shall be discontinued, and that other Bounties should be 4 granted and allowed in lieu thereofBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That from and after the Fifth Pay of July One thouund eight hun- Bounties now

dred and sixteen, the several Bounties on the Exportation, from any psysMe on Ex-

Part of the United Kingdom, of Sugar in any way refined within

the United Kingdom, allowed under or in pursuance of any Act or

Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the Fifth Day Scribed to

of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall cease, deter- TsMt anneisd

mine and be no longer paid $ and that instead and in lieu thereof to to paid.

there shall be paid and allowed the several Bounties on such Refined

Sugar exported from any Part of the United Kingdom as the same

are respectively described and set forth in the Table to this Act

annexed.

D d 8 II. And

C.79.

46* GEO. III.

A.D.II19.

Bounties subject to former Regulations.

Old Bounties on Sugar shipped before July 5, 1816, allowed.

Proviso for Deduction from Bounty on Sugar when exported in any other than a British VeflTel by 43 G. 3- c. 11. S3-

47 O.3. Se(T. i.

c. 19. $ 4.

Continuance of

a a.

Act may be altered, fcc.

II. And be it farther ertacted, That the several Bounties on Re-fined Sugar, by this Act granted, shall be paid or allowed in fbfch and the like manner irt every Refpest, and subject and under and according to the like Rules, Regulations! Restrictions, Conditions, Securities, Penalties and Forfeitures, (except where any Alteration is made by this Act, ) as any Bounties on Refined Sugar exported from any Part of the United Kingdom were paid or allowed before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the feveifel and respective Bounties on any Sort of Refined 8ugar exported from any Part of the United Kingdom, which from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, are by this Act repealed, shall be paid or allowed on any such Sugar Which shall be actually shipped for the Purpose of Exportation from any Part of the United Kingdom, on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, notwithstanding such Sugar may not be exported until after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal the Deduction to be made from the Bounty allowed on Sugar when exported from any Part of the United Kingdom, in another than a British Vessel .owned, navigated and registered according to Law, as directed by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for. disconttnuing certain Draw-bacltr and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and fir allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and finer; or by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty'8 Reign, intituled An Act to provide more ejfeSually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and fir allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

TABLE to which this A & refers.

Whatever may* be the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar -

Bounty on Refined Sugar catted BfcftarOf, ar Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, or being ground or powdered Sugar. Boerity on other Refined Sugar in iioaf complete and whole, ftr Lumps duly refined, or on stich Sugar pounded, era (bed 6r broken; nd on Sugar Gandy. Additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar.

50#. (he Cwt. 46*. the Cwt. 8/. the Cwt.

66* GEO. III.

C. 77.

*07

CAP. LXXVII. its repeal certain Duties granted by an Act passed in f fast Session of Parliament, for repealing the Provisions Ffbrmer AflU granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to»South Sea Company. [74th June j 816. j

rHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to refeal the same of former AQe granting exclusive Privilege* of Trade to

m__1 Sooth Sea Company $ and to indemnify the feed Company for the

jZaftoffmh Privileges; it is enacted, that there shall he raised, le-coBe&ed and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-f' tntin, apon all Goods, Wares and Merchandizes imported into Alt of the United Kingdom from any Place within the Li-

jMi of the foie and exclusive Trade heretofore granted to the said 1 Company (except Blubber, Train Oil, . Head Matter, or Whale

Fins, Sal Skins, and other Produce of F.ifh or Creatures living in v, the Seas, taken and caught by the Crews of British and Irish built or Vessels) a Duty of Customs of Two Pounds upon every K Bandied Pounds Value of all such Goods, Wares and Merchan.dkea, ad apon Ships or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof, ? ttarilf outwards or inwards at any Port within the United King* dm to or from any Port or Place within the Limits of the faiA '--fie and exclusive Trade £0 heretofore granted to the said Com-1 rftay as ifarrsaid, a Duty of Customs of One Shilling and Six*

tore upon every Ton Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel: And

Whereas it is expedient that Bullion and Foreign Cota of Gold and

fiver should be imported from any Plaoe within the Limits of the

fie and exdafive Trade heretofore granted to the said Company JDuty five y* Be k therefore esxaded by The King's Most Exoel-|w Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords fcntoai ami Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament hfcuMcd, and by the Authority of the same, That so rnneh of the fifolAA as impedes or authorizes the raising, levying or cd-]Hog my Duty of Customs upon Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold Ml Sdver imported from any Forts or Places therein described, shall kiad the fine is hereby repealed accordingly.

4 II. And Whereas it is also expedient that the find Duty of Two 1 Pounds upon every One hundred Pounds Value ihouid not be le-1 aed, upon or m rdpc& of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, as 1 warehoused under the Provisions of any Act of Parfcament for 4 hpofitmg Goods in Warehouses and thereafter takes out for Ex* 4 Potation f Be it therefbmenacted, That from and after the puffing "tins Ad, the said Duty of Two Pounds upon every Hundred ^oods Value of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall not

ruled, levied, coBcfted or paid for or in iwfps&of any such Goods,

or Merchandize departed under the Provisions of the Acts ^hiisnwut for depositing Goods 10 Warehousev, and which shall Rafter be taken out of the Warehoustt for Exportation, and ^exported according to Law, and under such Regulations and Mriftens as me explicable to like Goods taken out of Warehouses* Exportation; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary

III. Ahd

55 O > c#57*

15-

Bullion sad Foreign Coin imported, re* pealed.

Duty of si. on every tool. Value of Goods warehoused for Exportation, not to be levied in future:

Dd 4

*0#

C. 77, 78,

56 GEO. III.

A.D.

Duly of is. 6<L per Ton on Ships imputing only Blubber, Stc. by

55 G.3.C.57. §5

not to be raised in future.

frith Acts, 38 G. 3. and 40G.3. and

55 G.3. t. lift, repealed.

Exception.

III. And Whereas by the said recited Act, Blabber,

Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins, Seal Skins, and other Pr»

of Fish or Creatures living in the Seas, taken and caught b

Crews of BritUh and Jrtjb built Ships or Vessels, is excepted

the aforesaid Duty of Two Pounds upon every One hundred Pc 4 Value on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and it is expedient«the Ships or Vessels importing the said Blubber and other Alt 4 should alfobe excepted from the aforesaid Duty of One ShiUtar 4 Sixpence upon the Ton Burthen of such Ship or Vessel ; A: therefore enacted, That from and after the pamng of this Act I said Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence shall not be raised, W collected and paid upon the Ton Burthen* of Ships or Veflek porting only Blubber, Train Oil, Head Matter or Whale JFia* I Skins and other Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the & taken and caught by the Crews of British and 'frm built Sh or Vessels, and no other Cargo as Merchandize; anything in the £ recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVin.

An Act for the better regulating and securing the CollectV of the Duties on Paper in Ireland, and to prevent Frau therein. [a4th June 18U

4 WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate the Laws as*; 4 W force for regulating and securing of the Collediaa 4 A 4 Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds then 4 and to amend the same Be it therefore enacted by The Kat Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coolest of 3 Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeot Pi liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That fin and after the Commencement of this Act, Two several Acts m in the Parliament of Ireland, One made in the Thirty eighth Ye of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled /in AS to secure tie Cdk turn of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Free therein, and the other made in the Fortieth Year of his bid Mae!y Reign, for amending and continuing the said Act of the TWrt eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign; and also an Act made is ft Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelai'i the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the better ns*/ ating and securing the Collision of the Duties on Pater made niR land, and to prevent Frauds therein, shall cease ana determine, as shall be and the same are hereby repealed; except so far as the £0 recited Acts, or any of them, repeal or repeals any former Ad 0 Acts; and also save and except so far as the said recited Acts, 0 any of them, relate or relates to the charging, recovering, levyisg, paying or accounting for any Duties on Paper made in luted, on any Arrears of such Duties, or any Fine, Penalty or Forfdtore relating to the same, or for making or allowing any Abatement of such Duties which shall or may have been incurred or become due, or to which any Person may have become entitled, or as they or any of them relate or relates to any Drawbacks to which any Person nay have become entitled on or before the Commencement of this Act; and that all and every the Regulations and Proviiio&t, Powen and Authorities, contained in the bid recited Acts, or any of tin,

{ball

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 78i

409

shall be and remain infull Force and Effect for the charging, recovering, levying and paying the said Duties and Arrears thereof, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and for making or allowing any such Abatement or Drawback as if this Act had not been made: Pro. vided always, that nothing herein contained Audi extend to repeal or affect so much of an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, recited and referred to in the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, as makes perpetual an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of his said Majesty's Reign relating to paper Hangings printed, painted or stained in Ireland Provided also, that so much of the (hid Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, relating to Paper Hangings printed, painted or stained in Ireland, and u> made perpetual by the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, shall, save and except as the same is altered by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to make further Provisions for colleBing and feeuring the Duties of Excise on Pater printed or stained in Ireland, to for* for Hangings or other lffos % oe and remain in full Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Paper (other than such Brown Paper as is hereinafter described and mentioned) and not being Glazed Paper for Clothiers or Hot Preflers Use, or Sheating or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board, shall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Paper of the First Class; and' all such Paper herein described to be of the First Class shall be liable to and shall be chargeable with a Duty of Three pence per Pound Weight Avoirdupoife thereof, chargeable on Paper made m Ireland\ in and by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majedj certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in refpcB thereof in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Taxes and Drawbacks, and shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be Paper of the Description therein charged with the said Duty of Three pence per Pound; and that all Brown Paper made of Old Ropes or Cordage only or of Old Ropes or Cordage mixed with refuse Materials only without wa(hing or whitening the same, or any of them, and without Separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar, or any Part therefrom, or from any of them; and all Button Paper or Button Board shall be refspectively denominated, deemed and taken to be Paper of the Second Class, and shall be liable to and chargeable with the Duty of One Penny per Pound, mentioned in the said last recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid, and shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes respectively to be Paper of the Description therein charged with the said Duty of One Penny per Pound; and that all Pasteboard, Millboard and Scale-board, and Paper commonly called by the Name of Sheating or Sheathing Paper, and all Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Preflers Use, shall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Paper of the Third Class, and such Pasteboard, Millboard and Scaleboard, and Sheating or Sheathing Paper, shall be liable to and chargeable with the Dutjc of One Pouna British Currency for every Hundred Weight mentioned in the said last recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid; and such Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Pfeifers shall be liable to and chargeable with the Duty of Five

Shillings

Proviso for 47 0*3* Seff-i. c. 38. § x. making perpetual

4J O'3* C.YO& i x — 5. relating to Paper Hangings, lavras altered by 55 O.3. c.106.

Paper of the First Class:

47 G.3.8tffii*

c. x8.

Sch. (A.) tit. Paper Manufacture.

Of the Second Class:

Of the Third Clafa.

1

C.78.

56" GEO. III.

4.1X1

Before Licence granted, Paper Maker to deliver to Officer of

atvc, flee.

-What to be fpedfied in Ac-

Shillings for every Hundred Weight mentioned in the faid} cited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid; and that all which shall be made in Ireland Audi be claffod and denial accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall keep a Mill or Mills containing toy Engine, Vj w w Prese, Utensil, or Vessel for making Paper, shall make out, DistriK*Account deliver to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the - of Mill, Appar- of the District in which the Mill or Mills of such P< situate, an Account in Writing, to be entered and Office of Excise of such DiuriH, containing his or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, and the Place where such Mill or Mills shall be (ituate, and spec and every Work House, Drying House, Store Ho belonging or appertaining thereto, and the Situation thereof ively, and also specifying the Number and Skiadoa of CK&" every Engine^ and of each and every Vat, Wet FidtiUteifl j Vessel respectively kept in any such Mill or Mills, and the $£ of Cubic Feet in every such Engine, computed in maxmaaam| by this Act is directed$ and if any Paper Maker (ha& knpi Store or Warehouse for the daring or keeping of any Paps, I Store or Warehouse not belonging to hit or her Mill, every! Paper Maker shall also (pecify in such Account every such, and Warehouse, and the Place where the same is ated; and in such wntten Account the Person making fe shall distinguish every such Mill, Work House, Warehouse,House, Store House or other Place, and every such Enghfc Wet Preis, Utensil and Vessel, by Separate Numbers xelating ts in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One; sail same visible Part of every such Engine, Vat, Wet Preis, IN and Vessel and upon the Door of every such Mill, Work H< Warehouse, Drying House, Store House or other Place, dull or cavfe to be painted with Oil Colour in Black upon Ground, or White upon Black Ground, and shall keep tl painted in a visible and legible manner, the Number of each Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel, beginnii with Number One, and of each such Mill, WorkHoule, Wank Drying House, Store House or other Place respectively, k on mity with such Account, begmningin like manner as aforesaidl Number One and the Collector ofjExcise or other Officer ia ch of the Collection of the District shall file or enter and rc&eri Account in the Office of Excise of the Diflxidy and shall gm Certificate of such Account and Registry by giving a Copy 1 figaed by him; and before any Licence shall be granted to an/ J fan to keep a Mil or Mills for making Paper, Inch Perfos i make out, sign and deliver such Account as aforesaid, and fad Cei tificate as aforesaid shall be produced to the Person empovoedts grant such Licence.

__________ IV. And be it further enacted, That before any Licenoe ftiUk

enter into Bond, granted to any Person or Persons in Ireland, to keep a Mill or Mist for nuking Paper, the Person or Persons requiring such Lkeao shall with Two fuficknt Sureties execute a Bond to His Majesty h the penal Sum of Three hundred Pounds for each and every tagi* intended to be kept by fooh Person-or Persons copditiooed to ptjr iB

Number panted on Engines, ftc.

Account registered at Excise Office.

Certificate.

Paper Maker to

A.D. 161&

66° GEO.IIL

C. 78i

411

such Sum and Sums of Money as, by virtue of this Act or any other Act or Acts in force or to he in force in Ireland, such Person shall be chargeable with, and also to pay and fetisfy all Penalties to which such Person shall or may become liable under this Act or any other Act or Acts to be in force, relating to the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland / and in every such Licence shall be expressed the Number of Engines intended to be kept by such Person or Peiions.

V. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person shall make any Paper of any Sort or kind whatever, or shall make use of any Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utenftl or Veflei, or any Mill, Work House, Warehouse, Drying House, Store House or other Place, for die making, drying or keeping of any Paper whatever, before such Person shall have made out, signed and delivered such Account as aforesaid, or shall omit to paint or cause to be painted in manner hereinbefore directed, or to keep painted in a visible and legible manner upon each such Mill, Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil and VeflW, Work House, Warehouse, Drying House, Store House or other Place respedivtly, the Number thereof respectively in conformity with such Account, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and that all Paper of every Sort or kind whatever, which (had be found in any Mill, Warehouse, Work Hoose, Drying House, Store House or other Place, of which such Account shall not have been made out, signed end delivered, as is by this Act required, shall be forfeited, and may be feiaed by any Oft-cer of Excite kt Ireland $ and that if any Person shall keep any such Mitt or Milk as aforesaid and shall omit to make out, sign and deliver such Account as is by this Act directed, of each* and every Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Uteafil or VdW, or of the Number of Cabic Feet in each and every Engine, or shall make or deliver any faHe Account of any Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil or Veflei, or of the Cubic Feet in any Engine, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with each every Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil usd Veflei, whereof no such Account or any false Account flttH have been made.

VI* And be it farther eaacted, That if any Person shall make any Paper of any Sort or kind whatever, or shall make use of any Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil or Veflei, or any Mill, Work House, Warehouse, Drying House, Store House or other Place for making, drying or keeping of any Paper whatever, without such Person having fifft had and obtained a Licence according to Law to keep a Mm or Mitts for making Paper, and having the same in force, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel for making Paper, and au Paper of any Sort or kind whatever, and all Materials for making Paper, which shall be found in any Mill for which a Licence in force shall not have been duly granted, or in any Work House, Warehouse, Drying House, Store House or other Place belonging or appertaining to such Mitt, or belonging to any Paper Maker, (nail be forfeited and may be feiaed by any Officer of £*cife.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Paper Maker shall from time to time intend to alter the Dimension of any Engine of Which such Account at aforesaid shall have been delivered, or if any

Paper

Licence toer-prefi Number of Engine! kept.

Using Engine or Utensil before delivering Account to Officer,

Penalty,

Neglecting te mark the Number; or giving in a Mb Account.

Penalty,

Licence to be taken out before making Paper.'

Penalty.

Notice of Intention to alter Dimenfiooaof Engines, or of

C* 78*

56° GEO. lit

AJXlMflU

inareaHog their Paper Maker shall intend to keep or make use of any Engine or

#umb*r. Engines, Vat or Vats, Wet Press or Wet Presses, in Addition to or

in the Stead or Place of any Engine or Engines, Vat or Vats, or Wet Press or Wet Presses, or any Utensil or Vessel, or any Work House, Warehouse, Drying House, Store House or other Place of which such Account as aforesaid shall have been delivered, it shall and may be lawful for such Paper Maker so to do upon giving Notice ia Writing to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and also to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Mill of. such Paper Maker, and upon an Account being made out, iigned and delivered, in manner aforesaid and registered as aforesaid, and specifying the Number of Cubic Feet contained in any such Engine, and also act such other Particulars as are required as aforesaid. Six Days at the lead before such Paper Maker (nail make use of any such Engine, Vat or Wet Press, Uteniil or Vessel, or Work House, Drying House, Store House or other Place; and such Paper Maker shall in such Notice and Account respectively hereby required to be given of such altered or other Engine, Vat or Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel, or Work House, Warehouse, Drying House or other Place, express that the same is or are, as the case may be, an altered Engine, and also the Number thereof, or an additional Engine, Vat or Wet Press, Utensil, or Vessel, or Work House, Drying House, Store House, or f Sis. other Place, f is or are intended to be kept or used in the Place and Stead of a former Engine, Vat or Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel, or Work House, Drying House, Store House or other Place; and such additional or other Engine, Vat or Wet Press, Uteniil or Vessel, or Work House, Drying House, Store House or other Place, shall be numbered in manner before directed.

Notice before VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Maker shall, before commencing to work any Engine at any time after the Commencement of this Act, or at any tune within any Year for which such Paper Maker shall be licensed to keep any Mill for the making of Paper, and so in like manner before recommencing to work any Engine after any Discontinuance in such Year as hereinafter provided,

f've Six Days' Notice in Writing to the Commissioners of Inland xdfe and Taxes in Ireland* and to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Mill of any such Paper Maker, distinguishing each such Engine by the Number and Content thereof, as the same is described in the Account by this Act required to be made out by such Paper Maker, and setting forth the Day and Hour when such Paper Maker intends to commence or recommence so to work any Engine; and any such Paper Maker who shall make any Paper, or fhau have any Stuff or Material in Process for making the same into Paper, without having given such respective Notices in manner by this Act directed, shall, for dvery such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and no other Day shall be mentioned in any such Notice of Commencement or Recommencement to work any Engine other than the Sixth Day of some Month in the Year; and the Officer shall attend at the Day and time which shall be specified in any such Notice of Recommencement, and shall open the Lock and Fastenings of such Engine.

Engine exceed* IX. And be it further enacted, That if the Content of any Engine mg Three Cubic of which an Account, Return or Notice shall have been so given. Feet beyond "foall

to work Engine, to Commissionenand to Cofle&or, fcc.of District.

Penalty.

The Period to be die Sixth of the Month.

A/D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 78.

418

shall exceed by Three Cubic Feet the Number of Cubic Feet which 9utnt*ty shall have been mentioned in such Return, Account or Notice, as ^oned in Return, being the Content of such Engine, the Paper Maker in whose Mill burge on in-fuch Engine shall be found of such greater Content, shall for every chafed Concert such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and a new and coitcct of such Eogins. Return shall be forthwith given by such Paper Maker; and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excite whatever, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of any Month in which it (lull have been or shall be discovered that such Engine of such greater Content fcs aforesaid was worked or used, to make a Return to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Mill shall be (ituate, of all such Sum or Sums of Money as such Paper Maker would be chargeable with in respect of such increased Content of such Engine, for the Period or Periods from the time mentioned in the previous Notice of the commencing or recommencing the working of such Engine to such Fifth'Day of the Month on which it shall have been discovered that such Engifae was so worked or used, and such Return shall be a Charge on every such Paper Maker, who shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return to be due and payable, within Fourteen Days next after such Return shall have been made, or in Default of such Payment, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double Penalty, the Duty so returned and charged.

- X. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer may ea- Officer or Officers of Excise at any time in the Day time to enter ter Mi, la >nd into any Mill of any Paper Maker, and to measure and take an Account of each and every Engine, Vat and Wet Press in such °5*

Mill; and if any Paper Maker, or his or her Servant, shall not on Demand made by any Officer of Excise at such Mill or at the Dwelling House of such Paper Maker admit such Officer and Officers into such Mill, or shall not permit such Officer and.Officers to view, measure and take an Account of all and every such Engines,

Vats and Wet Presses'as aforesaid; or if any Paper Maker shall not ObUru^oa. on the Demand of any Officer of Excise clear or cause to be cleared all Stuff and Materials out of each and every Engine which such Officer may require so to be cleared in order to enable him to measure the same, every such Paper Maker shall for every such Neglect or Refusal by him or her, or his or her Servant, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Penalty. Pounds

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Account of

Officer or Officers of Excise from time to time and at all times by,

Day or by Night, but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a officer at iall Constable or other Officer of the Peace, to enter into jXt and every

the Mills, Work Houses, Warehouses, Drying Houses, Store Houses, Rooms or other Places of any Paper Maker, and by Weighing, Tale or otherwise, as to such Officer or Officers shall seem meet, to take an Account of the kinds and Quantities of the Paper,

Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which (haD be found therein, and to make Returns pursuant to this A A.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Com- P*p« Maker mcncement of this Act, every Paper Maker in Ireland shall for and for eac^, EDgj^' in respect of each and every Engine kept or used by such Paper, ^r'the Rate of Maker for the making of Paper of any Sort or kind whatsoever, or Xoi.for every

which

C.7*, 75.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Securities, Ac. to rest in Depot? Remembrancer for time being without say Affignmcm.

Where no Deputy Principal to have same Powers.

Indeed oi the

Duties repealed, for every Left of Rape or Cole Seed imported,

Hew Duty.

Duties under Management of CommKfioners of Custoroi.

the same, or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Person or Per. fons entitled to and interfiled in the same respectively, or for appointing any Person or Persons to be Trustee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposes as the said Court shall think just and reasonable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death or Removal of any such Deputy Remembrancer all Stocks and Securities veiled in him by virtue of this Act shall vest in the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned without any Afiignment or ^Transfer; and all Monies paid into the Bank o€ England in pursuance of this Act, or remaining in the Hands of any Deputy Remembrancer at his Death or Removal, and not veiled in the Funds or placed out on Securities as aforesaid, shall be paid over to the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer for the time being.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That if in any case The King's Remembrancer shall execute the said Office in Person, then and in such case the several Trails, Powers and Authorities by this Act veiled in the said Deputy Remembrancer* and his Suc-cefiors, shall, during such time as no Deputy Remembrancer shall be appointed, be veiled in and be executed by the said King's Remembrancer for the time being.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed and Cole Seed, and

to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. [24th June 1816.]

'll 7 HERE AS it is expedient that the Duties of Customs now

W payable upon the Importation into the United Kingdom

of Rape Seed and Cole Seed should be repealed, and that other ' Duties should be imposed in lieu thereofBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Duties of Customs payable by Law upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed and Cole Seed shall cease and determine, fare ana except in all cases relating to the Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and that from and after the said Day, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Lad of Rape Seed or Cole Seed imported into the United Kingdom the Sum of Ten Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise' in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ihati be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties ip Ireland for the time being.

III. And

A J). 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C7«>76.

405

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties Audi he ma- Dutiat how oaged, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered in such ^v, #d* and the like manner as any Duties of Customs of a like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain or Ireland; and all Pams, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses,

Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full force and effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Puiposes, as if they were at large repeated and reenacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from time to Application of time arising from the said Duties in Great Britain, the necessary Duties. Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted,

shall horn time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, under the Head of Consolidated Customs, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and that all the Monies arising from the said Duties in Ireland\ the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the lame being deducted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, Ad may to amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present altered, fcc. Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for repealing the Several Bounties on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, from any Part of the United Kingdom, and for allowing other Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

[24th June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the several Bounties respedively allowed on the Exportation, from any Part of the 4 United Kingdom, of Sugar in any way refined within the United 4 Kingdom shall be discontinued, and that other Bounties should be 4 granted and allowed in lieu thereof $' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice ana Confient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

S'* nt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

from and after the Fifth Pay of July One thouund eight hun- Bounties now dred and sixteen, the several Bounties on the Exportation, from any payable on Ex-Part of the United Kingdom, of Sugar in any way refined within po^tkmofRe-the United Kingdom, allowed under or in pursuance of any Ad or£4 Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the Fifth Day Jescribed In of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall cease, deter- Table annexed mine and be no longer paid; and that instead and in lieu thereof to to paid, there shall be paid and allowed the Several Bounties on such Refined Sugar exported from any Part of the United Kingdom as the same are respectively described and Set forth in the Table to this Act annexed.

D d 8 U. And

C.78.

58* GEO. III.

A.D. 181&

Engine* to be fattened and locked at the time specified for Discontinu* tucc.

Pemky.

Obstrudting

Officer.

Engines afterwards found not fattened, f Sic.

Penalty.

Roliers, dec. of Engines on discontinuing working to be removed, and Cent to Excise Office, ^required.

except only the Fifth Day of the Month; and that the Hour of the Day to be specified in such Notice shall be some Hour before Twelve of the Clock at Noon on such Day $ and at the Day and Hour specified in such Notice the Officer in charge ofTuch Paper Mill shall attend and fee that such Engine is no longer at work; and the Officer in charge of the Paper Mill shall not charge the Paper Maker with any Duty, in refjpetl of such Engine so discontinued as aforesaid, for any Month in which the working of such Engine shall be discontinued in manner aforesaid, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That at the time specified in any such Notice of Discontinuance it shall and maf be lawful for any Officer of Excise, and he is hereby required to fallen and lock each and every Engine, the working of which shall be intended to be discontinued, in such manner as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, shall have directed and appointed, or shall direct and appoint; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, from time to time to make and issue such Orders and Directions as they shall think expedient to the fevera] Paper Makers and Officers for the fattening or locking of any Engine, and all and every such Orders and Directions shall be complied with and obeyed by every such Paper Maker and Officer; and if any Paper Maker shall refuse or neglect to comply with or obey any such Orders or Directions which shall have been or shall be made and ilTued, every such Paper Maker shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer shall be prevented by any Person at such Mill from fattening and locking any Engine, the working of which shall be so intended to be discontinued, or in case of such Mul being locked, and no Person appearing to give Entrance to such Officer, or if any such Engine shall in any Event not be fattened or locked in manner aforesaid by Default of such Paper Maker, or if at any time subsequent to the time any such Engine shall have been faltened or locked, any such Engine (nail be found not f be fattened and locked pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or if any Roller, Plate, Lighter or Brattles shall be found in any such Engine, unless due Notice shall have been given, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, of the Intention of recommencing to work such Engine, every such Paper Maker shall, in each and every the respective case and cases aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Paper Maker shall discontinue the working of any Engine, such Paper Maker shall, before the time specified in any Notice for dif-

continuing the working of the same, displace and remove or cause to be displaced and removed clear out of each and every such Engine, the Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brattes belouging to such Engine, and shall, if thereto required by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, by an Order issued by them, fend or convey each and every Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brattes, within such time as shall be limited and appointed by such Order, other than and except such as shall be then in use with any Engine of such Paper Maker which shall be then chargeable as working, to the Ex*

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C; 78.

417

cife Office of the District in which the Mill of such Paper Maker shall be (ituate, there to be kept until the same shall be returned to the Proprietor thereof, on his or her giving Notice pursuant to this Act of his or her Intention to work such Engine; and if any Paper Maker shall not, before the time which (haul be so specified in any such Notice, displace and remove, or cause to be displaced and removed in manner aforesaid, every such Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brasses, or shall not fend or convey all and every Roller, Plate, Lighter or Brasses, except as aforesaid, to the Excise Office as aforesaid, within the time which shall be limited and appointed by such Order aforesaid, every such Paper Maker shall for such Default or Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time subsequent to the Day and Hour mentioned in any such Notice of Discontinuance, the Engine, of the discontinuing of the working of which such Notice shall have been given, shall be worked or used in any manner whatsoever in the Process of making of Paper (unlefs under a Notice of Recommencement of working in manner in this Act mentioned), the Paper Maker in whose Mill the same shall be worked or used shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall also be charged and chargeable with all such Sums of Money and Charges as he would have been liable to have been charged with under this Act in case no such Notice of Discontinuance had been given in manner aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise whatever, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of any Month in which it shall have been or shall be discovered that such Engine was worked or used contrary thereto, to make a Return to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Mill shall be (ituated, of all such Sum or Sums of Money as such Paper Maker would* be chargeable with for the Period or Periods from the time mentioned in the Notice of the discontinuing the working of such Engine to such Fifth Day of the Month in which it shall have been discovered that such Engine was so worked or used, and such Return shall be a Charge on every such Paper Maker who shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return to be due and payable within Fourteen Days next after such Return shall have been made, or in Default of such Payment shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged.

Paper Maker not removing Roller, See.

Penalty.

Working Engine after time mentioned in Notice of Dif-cootinuance.

Penalty.

Return of Duty chargeable on Paper Maker for Period from time of Notice.

Penalty.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Maker shall Fafteninga and from time to time provide such Fattening* or Locks and Keys to Lock* to be pro-each and every Engine in his or her Mill, and shall keep the same jj£^yPaper in good and sufficient Order, in such manner as shall be approved M"*r" of by the Surveyor of Excise in .charge of such Mill, or (nail par for such Fattening, Locks and Keys, as shall be provided by such Surveyor; and if any such Paper Maker shall neglect to provide, Negledb repair or pay for such Fattening, Locks and Keys within such time as shall be required by such Surveyor, every such Papet Maker shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence. Penalty.

XXL And be it enacted, That all Paper, Patteboard, Millboard, Directians far Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button making up Paper Paper or Button Board whatsoever, made in Ireland* shall be made up .

by the Maker or Makers thereof in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, all such Paper when made shall be immediately made paftebaardt, ftc; 56 Gso. III. E c up into Parcels.

C7».

Se^GEO.IIfc

A.D.

Penalty.

Notice when Paper it to be weighed.

Paper, See. to be produced, and tied up in manner herein directed.

Diife&iont ' not complied with, &c.

tip into Quirts or Half Quires, edch such Quirt to ctwSft of 1 four Sheets, and each Half Quire to consist of Twelve Sheet such Quires or Half Quires shall immediately afterward* be 0 into Reams, each such Ream to consist of Twenty such Qn of Forty such Half Quires; and all such Paper, Pastebotrd, board, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing ] Button Paper or Button Board respectively, shall be imad made up into Pareels, and such Parcel containing even Do0 Sheets, not left than Twenty four nor more than Seventy tnt each Pareel; and all Qnires and Reams of Papet, and all FW Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Ska| Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall whha meaning of tins Act be deemed to consist of such Quantrbe fpe&rvely, abd of no other; and if any such Maker ef Paper neglect so to make up, or shall at any time make of any Pi Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Shntingor Six mg Paper, Button Paper or Button Board made fa /rtfod, cootj to the Directions aforesaid, such Maker shall for each ad mj i Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and also all tkh Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheath) Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, 1 up contrary to the Directions of this ACL

XXII. And be it enacted, That every Paper Maker Ml or Mills shall be situate in any City or Market Town, or vftsC Mile thereof respectively, shaft give or cause to be giioM four Hours' previous Notice in Writing, and every Piper HI whose Mill or Mills shall be situate in any other Part of InUI give or cause to be given Forty eight Hours' Notice to theOfid charge of such Mill or Mills rtspectively of the particular Iky Hour when any Paper of any Sort, Class or Kind whatever to be weighed, and the Officer shall attend accordingly; udi and so soon as such Officer or Officers shall so attend, such P Maker, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall produce bring to fbch Officer or Officers all the Paper, Pasteboard, MiBbd| Scaleboard or Glazed Board, Sheating or Sheathing Piper, Btl Paper and Button Board respectively, for or in respect whoesfl Duty is then intended to be charged, which Paper, PasteboriJ board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper* Sheating or Sheathing M Button Paper and Button Board mall be brought inclosedorw in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, all futh Piper d First Class and all such Paper of the Second Chris dull be incU and tied up with a String in several Covers or Wrappers, cart .One Ream of Paper each, and not more or less; and all Paste Millboard, Scaleboard and Gkzed Paper, Sheating or She Paper, Button Paper and Button Board respectvdv, flail b up with a String in such Parcels as aforesaid^ and mat thedri Parts of such String shall pass over and across the Ends od of such Ream of Paper or Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, ! board or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Piper, Batten or Button Board respectively; and in case any Paper Maker fa at the time mentioned in such Notice produde to (bcbOflu Officers all the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Sealebstrfl or G Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button 'Paper and B( -Board for or in respect whereof any Duty k then to be da

419

66° GEO. III.

C, 7$.

v&bjK, Pribboard, IMiUboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, for Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board re-tf, bang tied up, and the proper Cla(s and other the matters prescribed, marked, written or printed on the Cover or r of each such Ream of Paper, and on each such Parcel of 1, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Shearing or _ Paper, Button Paper and Button Board respectively, ac-j to the Directions of this Act, then every such Notice shall Tthe same is hereby declared to be null and void; and every llhper Maker shall be obliged to give a fresh and like Notice an Inch Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed nr, Sbeatpg or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, tube takes an Account of and charged with Duty; and before he fc Jbafl remove, carry or fend away, or suffer to be removed, rnd or feat away any inch Paper, Pastebpard, Millboard, Scale* an!or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper i Bat too Board, from the Mill where the same shall be made. XX11L And be it further enacted, That on every Cover or nppeT of any Ream of Paper of the First Class, or of Paper of e Second Oafs, before any such Paper shall be brought or produced > ay Officer of Excite to be weighed, there shall be marked, men or printed by the Maker thereof, or by his or her Servant brge and legible .Characters, and V1 Wqrds at length, the Name d Jtumaiqe of such Paper Maker, or instead of Uiqh Name and usane there shall he marked such Mark or Device as shall be from KtQ appointed or approved of by the Commissioqers of In-id Exob and Taxes in Ireland* or any Three of them, for dif-Vfsitetng such Paper to be the Manufacture of such Maker thereof, nth* Word* " £jrft Glafr, '' or M Second Class, 199 dHtinguishing the o/ihperincWed in such Cpver qr Wrapper, and according to keb the jputy in respect of the same is chargeable; apd upony such Co^er or Wrapper shall also be written the Day of the hub and Year denoting the Month and Year in which such Paper rihavefceco made into Reams; and after fuqh Date there shall e written ia Figures the true Number of such Ream of Paper ac-*4ng to the Numbers of such Reams of each .such Class, such inter tpbe in Arithmetical Progrqfhon, beginning with Number according to the Number of Reams of Paper of each Class irged with Duty .at each MiU, in fuqh Month; and that on each Pa&eboaed^Millboard. Seaboard or Ql^zed Paper, Sbcat-{ «r Sheathing Paper, Button Paper qr Button Bpard, there shall Hke manner, before the £ajqe shall bn produced or brought to the for to be weighed, be marked, written or printed in large and pUe Chambers, and in ^Tprds at.length, the Name and Surname the Maker thereof, or instead of such Name and Surname, there ^be Ifieh Mark or Device as shall be from time to time

jested or appeared of by the fsid Commissionprs of Inland Exted Taxes, or apy Thri of them, for distinguishing such Pafle-^ Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheath-ng Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, to be the Manufacture of k Maker thereof, and the Description of fwch Pareel, and whether Parcel is Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard pr Glazed Paper, bating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, andM«iufar of .Shqtta.ga , eaqh such Pareel, with the Date of the £ e 2 Month

Notice void.

How Wrapper of Ream of Paper to be marked and numbered before it is weighed*

Words f< Flift

Clals, " ac.

Parcels of PalU-board, &c. to be also marked and numbered.

*20

C.78.

56* GEO. I1L

AJ

Kcglea.

Pen*lty.

Officer may open Reams and take

Samples.

Paper found to be of a different Claft.

Forfeiture.

Penalty.

Paper Maker to provide Scales and Weights.

Neglea.

Penalty.

False Scales and Weights; or ob* finding Offices;

Month and Year in which such Pasteboard, Millboard, Sc or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button I Button Board shall have been made into Pareels; and af Date there shall be written in Figures the true Number of ft cel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, { or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, accordia Numbers of such Parcels of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scalebct Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button ftj Button Board respectively, such Number to be in Arithmeba gression, beginning with Number One according to the Nfl Parcels of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button charged with Duty at each Mill in such Month; and if any of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Piper, ing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, Mo to mark and number the said Reams or Parcels is manner 1 directed, or to cause*the same to be marked and numbered as a said, every such Paper Maker shall for every such Offence Wei Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall sod maybe

ful for any Officer or Officers of Excise at all times to unb open any Ream or Parcel of Paper having any Class of Pxpe< minated, marked, written or printed thereon, or on the Wnfp Cover inclofinjjr the same, and to take thereout by way of & One or more Sheet or Sheets of Paper, not exceeding One 9* of each Quire, paying for such Sheet or Sheets of Paper M fif demanded) the Market Price thereof; and if any such 0| shall discover in any Ream or Parcel of such Paper any Pape Papers of a different Class than that which (half be dcDorna marked, written or printed thereon, or on the Cover or Wrap? which such Paper shall be inclosed, then and in such case every Ream and Parcel respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and ca seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Paper Mak whose Possession the same shall be found shall for every such Oil forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.*J

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Mil and he or she is hereby required, at his or her own Expend vide and keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights, fubfi fixed or erected at his or her Mill or Place where be or make or produce to be charged any Paper, Pasteboard, M Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Paper and Button Board, or shall keep the same, or any of and also to permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise the same for the Purpose of ascertaining the respective Wd such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed. Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Bard, if any Paper Maker (nail neglect to keep such Scales and We or either of them, so fixed or erected at such Place or Races said, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer of Excise to a same for the Purpose aforesaid, he or she shall for each and such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds j and Par >er Maker shall provide or make use of, or cause or pnxffi suffer to be provided or made use of, any false, unjust, or infui Scales or Weights, or shall practise or cause or procure to be

56° GEO. III.

C. 78<

421

i*fArU Device or Contrivance, by which any such Officer oay be hindered or prevented from or deceived in taking I true Weight of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scale*

Ghzed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, on Board, then and in every such case such. Paper Maker mall and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty, together with all such false, unjust or inefficient Scales and mpe&vely, and the same shall and may be seized by any v Officers of Excise-

And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Officers Allowance of shall in the weighing and reweighing of all Paper, Paste-*>. on eveiy JfiDboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheath- th^Turn ST"* 9^ Button Paper and Button Board, for the Purpose of the Scale. j the Duty of Excise thereon, give the Turn of the Scale in of the Crown, and in lieu thereof, shall allow the Paper rTwo Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, upon each and every One*Pounds Weight on the Amount of the Weight of such Paper,

\ Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or v Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, respectively, so i or reweighed, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser

rll. Provided neverthelect, and be H enacted, That no No Weight left Maker shall, in the weighing or re-weighing of any Paper, xU>*10* Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or u&d*

Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, for the Purpose kg the Duty of Excise thereon, make use of, or cause,

Tnffer to be used, any Weight less than a Pound Weight, of forfeiting the said Allowance, any thing herein before Forfeit of All 1 to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. lowaoce.

TL And be it enacted, That every Paper Maker shall, so Paper Maker to i he or she shall be thereunto required by any Officer or Officer in of Excise, bring or cause to be brought and put into and wei8hin* at of the Scale all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard'

Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or i Board respectively, which such Officer or Officers shall be s to weigh or to reweigh; and shall also, at the Request. of i Officer or Officers, by himself or herself respectively, and with.

"dent Number of his or her Servants, aid and assist, to the: of his, her or their Power, such Officer or Officers in weigh- kind in reweighing all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scale-and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button or Button Board respectively, in such manner as such Officer link most convenient, on pain of such Paper Maker forfeiting Penalty. tv Negledfc or Refusal thereof the Sum of Fifty Pounds-

I. And be it further enacted, That no Paper, Pasteboard, Paper, &c. not to _ J, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing be removed for r. Button Paper or Button Board, shall be removed or conveyed Hour?

the Mill or other Place, where the same shall have been so '

bed, by any Officer of Excise, for the Purpose of charging the separate; y, before the Expiration of Twenty four Hours next after the - fell have been so weighed; and every Paper Maker shall from to time keep all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Board respectively, which shall have been so weighed, fepa-E e 3 rate

42 2

C.18.

56° G0. III.

£.D.i8i«.

if on re weighing, it be found to weigh more, Duty to be paid accordingly.

Penalty.

Officer to ft amp Wrapper, or affix a Label to denote the Duty, and mark other Particular! theteon.

Officer to write his Name on WTapper,

rate and apart from all other Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Beak-board and Glated Paper* Sheating or Sheathing Paper, But toft Paper and Button Board, for the Space of Twenty four flours from the time when the same shall have been so weighed, to the end that an Inspector, Surveyor or other proper Officer of Excise may have an Opportunity to reweigh the same; and if upon the reweighing of any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, any additional Weight (half be found, such Paper, Paste* board, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be liable to and chargeable with the reipeftive Rates dnd Duties of Excise, by Law imposed, according to such last mentioned Weight; and if ahy such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, ffudl be removed contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or if any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board refpieft-ively, which shall have been weighed, shall not be kept separate and apart from all other Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board respectively, in manner hereinbefore directed, the Paper Maker shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Officer of Excise attending to charge such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, shall be satisfied that the federal'Conditions by this Act specified have been fully complied With according to the Diteftidns of this Act, and shall have aHo after-tamed the trtte Qualities, Qualities and Weights of all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board respectively, such Officer shall forthwith stamp or mark each and every Wrapper or Cover inclosing Paper of the First Class, and every Wrapper or Cover inclosing Paper of the Second Class, and every such Parcel of Paste-board. Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, with the proper Stamp or Device, to denote the Duty of Excise imposed for or in respect of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board fe-spectiveTy* duly charged; or shall affix to each and every such Ream of Paper, or to any Inch Parcel of Pafleboahl, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper aftd Button Board, a proper Label to denote the like Duty being so charged; and such Officer shall Forthwith also write his Name and Surname on each and every fttch Wrapper or Oovbr, and on each and every such Parcel of PastebOard, Millboard, Scafebo&rd and Gkzed Paper, Sheating Or Sheathing Paper, Bhtton Paper and Button Board respectively, together with the Date of the Day, Month and Year on which the Duty was changed for Or in tefpeft thereof respectively; and if any Person or Persons shall WilnlHy deface, obliterate or alter any of the respective matters or things hereinbefore pTescribed to be denominated, marked, written or printed

on

A-D-1816.

56* gecx in*

C. 78*

*2g

ob the Wrapper or Cover of any Paper, or upon aoyParcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sbeating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, or any Part thereof, after the respective Stamps, Marks or Labels shall have been put thereon by any Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully deface or obliterate any Impression of any such Stamp or Mark, or shall wilfully deface* obliterate or alter the Name or Surname of any such Officer, or any Part of such Name or Surname, or any such Date or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which shall have been charged and damped, marked and labelled as aforesaid, by any Officer of Excise, shall at all times be kept separate and apart from all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, which shall not have been charged and stamped, marked or labelled by any Officer of Excise; and ml Paper which shall have been so marked, lumped or labelied, of One Class, shall also be kept separate and apart from all other such Paper so marked, stamped or labelied, of any other Class, on Pain that the Paper Maker shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Paper shall be removed from any Mill in any less Quantity than a Ream, nor any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, in any less Quantity than the entire Parcel on which the Duty was charged, upon Pain of the Paper Maker forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and all Paper which shall be removing or removed from any Mill in any less Quantity than a Ream, and ul Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, which shall be removing or ct* moved in any less Quantity than such entire Pareel, shall be for# feited, and may be leized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXXIII. And be it further eaacted, That if any Ream of Fquer shall be found removing or removed without having thereon the Cover or Wrapper in which such Paper was charged with Duty, or if any Ream of Paper or Parcel of Pasteboard, Millhoard, Scale* board or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be found removing or removed without the Impression of the proper Stamp or Label, or without dm Officer's Name and Surname, together with the Day, Month and Year when the Duty in respect thereof was charged, or without having the several matters hereinbefore in that behalf prescribed, marked, written, printed or fixed on such Cover or Wrapper, containing such Ream of Paper, on such Parcel of Pasteboard* Millboard* Scale-board or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, every such Ream of Paper, and every such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glased Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, together with the Package or Packages containing the same reflectively, which f^all be so foupd remaining or removed contrary hereto, shall be forfeited, together with the Morfee or other Cattle, Qar-

E e 4.riages.

PemUjh

Paper, Sec. fa marked to be kept separate from the rest, and in their different Cladcs.

Penalty.

Paper not to be removed in a left Quantity than a Ream; nor Pasteboard left than a Pareel;

Forfeiture.

Paper or Pasteboard removing without the pro* jer Stamp and

Forfeiture Sebum.1

424

Piper Makers removing from Mill such Paper, &c. until Officer has taken the Account, and weighed and stamped the lamey&c.

Penalty.

Paper may be removed to another Mill to be fixed, &c. on giving Notice.

Subject to Pe* Dairies as if not removed.

Specimen Papers to be furuiftied on which Officer shall enter his Vifittat the Mill, Notices of weighing, &c; Paper Maker to hang up the lame in a con-fpacuous Part of the MilL

It, lr,

penuty

C.7 B. 56° GEO. III. A.D.ISJ

riages, Boats, Bams, or other Vessels, used in removing or car the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Offiot Excise.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Piper M shall remove, carry or fend away, or permit or suffer to be reno carried or sent away, any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Soldi or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Pap, Button Board, from the Mill in which the same shall be 4 until the proper Officer shall have taken an Account thereof^ such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed h Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Bum have been duly weighed and charged, and stamped, marked or bm as by this Act is directed, or without having the Officer1! Nisei Surname, together with the Day, Month and Year, when the D in respect thereof was charged being written or printed thereon p suant to this Act, every such Paper Maker shall for enrjfuch Offci forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in tl Ad contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to atcod hinder or prevent any Paper Maker from fending such Paper food Mill where the same shall be made, upon Forty eight Hours'Nod in Writing being previoufty given to the proper Officer of Excfc charge of such Mill, to any other Mill to be iized or finished ftj Use, in order that such Officer may attend and take an ham thereof, and provided that such Paper be removed with a props(k tificate from such Officer expressing the Class and Quantity dU Paper; and that when such Paper shall have been so remowdtoi Mill or Place where the same is to be iized or made fit for life, h same shall be at such Mill or Place under the like Directions, at {lamping, marking or labelling, and all matters and things, niffs Paper had been finished and iized at the Mill where made, and fa Maker shall for the Breach of any of the Directions aforesaid, I subject to the like Penalty as he or she would have been subject to the said Paper had not been removed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That Papers called Spedne Papers shall be furnished to every Paper Maker by any Office« Excise, in order that every Officer of Excise visiting the Mill offad Paper Maker may enter on such Specimen Paper his Visit and Vft at such Mill, and of all Notices given of the weighing of any ftp and of the Quality and different Gasses, Denomination and kinds Paper weighed, stamped, marked or labelied, by the Officer, anis all such other matters and things as the Officer or Officers shall tW fit, or be directed to make Entries of; and every Paper Milffti* shall from time to time be furnished with any such Specimen P*H shall cause the same to be fixed on a Board conveniently made fortm Purpose, and shall cause such Specimen Paper so fixed tobeconMr hang, jpafted or put up in some public and conspicuous Pk* # such Mill, and shall preserve and keep such Specimen Papcrfoboog: up, pasted or put up, in such manner that any Officer of Eiafej visiting such Mill may view such Specimen Paper, and make Entries thereon; and if any such Paper Maker shall not hang up, poll, p* up or preserve such Specimen Paper in manner therein directed (uc-avoidable Accident excepted, the Proof whereof shall Ik on foci Paper Maker), he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sua of Fifty Pounds.

XXXVII. Afld

D.161&

566 GEO. lit

C.78.

425

RUfcRVIi. And be it further enacted* That in case any Officer of - litany time neglect or omit to make a Return pursuant

_nfioos of thii Ad against any Paper Maker* or shall at

tktre committed any Error in any Return at aforesaid, by f or charging in such Return a greater or less Quantity of r a greater or less Amount of Duty than ought to hare been lor charged by him against any such Paper Maker according sdioos of this Act* it shall and may be lawful to and for r, or for any other Officer of Excise* and such Officer is r scfpedirely required to make a Return in case no Return eve been made* or to rectify such erroneous Return as may vttn made* as speedily as may be convenient* and to report the ip to the Commissioners of Excise; and in case of a Return mad* Moe of an Omission in the Officer in charge of the Paper Manu-flkvyof such Paper Maker to make a Return pursuant to the Prolans of this Act* or if it shall appear that the Amount of Duty mged in any erroneous Return as aforesaid against any Paper Uer was mater than the same ought to have been, it wall and lamral for the said Commissioners of Excise* and they are jpby itqnued to make an Allowance forthwith to such Paper ffer of the Amount of Duty so overcharged; and if it shall Martha the Amount of Duty charged in any Return against any Maker was less than the same ought to have been* or in case

i Return made as aforesaid by reason of the Omission of the Officer Oake a Return pursuant to the Provisions of this Act* it shall and tjbe lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise* and they are ffeby reqaired to give notice to such Paper Maker of the Amount I the Duty contained in such Return so made as aforesaid* by reason # the Onffion of a Return in pnrfuance of the Provisions of this or of the Deficiency of the Duty in consequence of such is Return; and if such Paper Maker shall not within One r month after such Notice shew sufficient Cause to such Com-i of Excise why he fhotyld not be charged with and pay the tamed in such Return or such Deficiency* it shall be lawful the bid Commissioners of Excise to order a Return to be made the Cdfledor of the District within which the Mill of such Paper Ifter k fknate* of the Amount of such Duty or Deficiency* and rDuty fpedfied in such Return shall be a Surcharge on such per Maker; and if such Paper Maker shall not upon Demand* or '' i Ten Days next after pay the full Amount of such Duty so irged, such Paper Maker shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds* I a Sum equal to Double the Amount of Duty which shall be I returned and fur charged, provided that no such Return shall be a lorcharge on any Paper Maker* unless it shall have been made and if Amount thereof demanded within Nine Calendar months after the fate of the original Return* or after the Expiration of the Ten Days bthio which the same ought to have been made.

XXXVIII. Provided always* and be it enacted, That every Notice or Notices for any of the Purposes in this Act mentioned* which ball be given or served by or on behalf of any Paper Maker* upon my of the Persons upon whom the same ought to be given or served, ball* according to the true Intent and meaning of such Notice or Notices* be taken to be good and effectual as against such Paper Maker* although such Notice or Notices shall not be in the

Form*

Returns to be made' when Returns have been omitted.

Errooeous Returns to be rest tied.

Allowances for Overcharges.

Deficiencies to be charged. Cause to be shewn.

Penalty for not paying the Surcharge.

Notices not invalidated for want of Form.

426

C17S.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1&1&

Form* or contain the several Particulars, or shall not be given or served on all the Perfant, or within the time or times by this Act dzre&ed, prescribed, limited and appointed for giving or serving the same, and upon the Trial of any Information, or on any other Proceeding relating to or in any manner touching or concerning any such Notice or Notices, it shall not be competent to or for such Paper Maker, or his or her Sureties, to aliedge any Imperfe&iom or Btfeft in any such Notice or Notices, or in the giving or serving of the same*

Officer to make XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Oficer in charge Charges from of the Paper Mitt of any Paper Maker, (hsU he removed from tbs the Books of the same, or fit all die, it shall and may he lawful to and for the Officer ^ededL.*6^w^° shall fuoceed the Officer who fhatt be fb removed or shall die, to

make out and return any Charge again & such Paper Maker from the

Books and Papers kept and Entries made by such Officer who shall he fb removed or shall die, relating to such Papsr Mill, and to the State thereof, and every such Charge so made out and returned from such Books, Papers or Entries, mail be a Charge on such Paper Maker, who (halt pay the Duties so charged and returned, under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Penalties, as if such Books, Papers and Entries, were the Books, Papers and Entries of the Officer who shall make such Charge, and as if such Officer had been placed over such Paper Mitt at the time such Entries had been made.

Abatement for XL. And be it farther enacted, That when any Paper Maker in the time snjr Inland shall by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident have been Engine bas been prevented from working any Engine kept by such Piper Maker prmrented from^whole or any Part of any Month for which such Paper

* Maker shall by Law be chargeable with Duty, it shall and may be

& lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland*

or any Three of them, on Proof on Oath made to their Satisfaction that the Fatality or Accident was unavoidable and not owing to any Default or Negligence, to make any proportionate Abatement of any Charge of Duty which shall have been returned against such Paper Maker, for and in respect of the Engine which such Paper Maker shall be so prevented from working.

Commissioners XLI. And be it epacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and to provide pro- for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland* or per Sumps, Ac. any Three of them, from time to time to provide proper Stamps, Marks, Devices or Labels, for (tapping or marking all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Soaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board respectively, made tn Inland, and they shall cause such Stamps, Marks, Devices or Labels, to be distributed to the respective Officers of Excise, for Sumps, frc. si- Ike Purposes of this Act, and the said Stamps, Marks, Devices or tered, renewed, Labels respectively, or any of them, may be altered or renewed from time to time as the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them, shall think fit, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be the proper and lawful Stamps, Marks, Devices and Labels for the Purposes of this Act.

Sumps, &c.now XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Stamps, feufetobeused, Marks, Devices or Labels in use at the time of the raffing of this Act for denoting the charging of the Duties payable on F»ptn Pasteboard, Millboard, Scateboard and Glased Papery Sheating or

Sheathing

A.D. 1S10.

56° GEO. III.

C.78*

427

Sheathing Pipe#, Button Piper and Bat con Board, ft all, until the until altered, same shall be altered or renewed as aforesaid, continue to be used, and (halt be deemed and taken to be the proper and lawful Stamps,

Marks, Devices and Labels for the Farposes aforesaid.

XL! II. And be it enested, That if any Person shall counterfeit. Forging Stamps, or cause to be counterfeited, any Stamp, Mark, Device or Label, provided or directed to be used m purfinance of this Act, or shall counterfeit, forge or resemble the Mark or Impression of any such Stamp, Mark or Device upon any Coter or Wrapper of or belonging to or nfed with or upon any Label affixed to any Ream or Quantity of Paper, or upon any Pasteboard, Millboard, ScaKeboard or Glared Paper, Sweating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Bntton Board, or shall have in his or her Custody any fttch counterfeit Stamp or Hiving in Pof-Device, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall have in his or <* ^*>1 her Custody or Possession, or shall atter, vend or fell any Paper with a for*cd Counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression of any Inch Stamp or Device on the Cover or Wrapper of such Paper, or on any Label counterfeit affixed thereto, or any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glaxed Stamp*.

Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board,

With a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression of any such Stamp cfr Device upon such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glased Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board,

Or upon any Label affixed thereto, knowing the same to be counterfeited or forged, or shall upon any Ream or Quantity of Paper which had not been duly entered with the proper Officer and charged with the Duty of Excite imposed for or in respect of fttch Paper, know-iftgly put Or place any Cover or Wrapper hating thereon such Or putting counterfeited or forged Mark or Impression, or any such counterfeit Wrapper on Label, or shall knowingly wrap or cover any Ream or any Quantity PaPer»&c-Of Piper in any Cover or Wrapper used before as a Cover or JjS? S?-Wrapper to any other Quantity of Paper, or shall knowingly affix, tie up, put, place or add any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, having thereon the Impression of any such Stamp or Device or any Label, whether such Stamp, Device or Label shall be true or i ounterfeited, to any Pasteboard, Millboard, 8cafeboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board which had not been duly entered with the proper Officer and charged with the Duty of Excise imposed for or in respect thereof, then and in every Inch case every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Penalty, hundred Pounds.

XLIV. And be it dracted, That in all cases where any Duties Collector may payaMe by any Paper Maker shall be unpaid at the time when such distrain for Duty Duties are or shall be by Law made due and payable, it shall and in Arrear' may be lawful for the Oolleftor of Excise, or other Officer in charge of the Chllcftion of the District in which such Duty shall be charged and payable, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to empower any Perron or P«fons to take and distrain all or any Paper and Materials for making Paper, of or belonging to such Paper Maker, wherever the same may be found, and afi or any Engines, Vats, Wet Preffec Or other UtenfHs for making Paper, in any Paper MSB or other Place used by any such ftroer Maker, and to cause the same to be sold by public Auction, giving Six IDayV previous Notice thereof t Sale.

and

428

C.78.

56° GEO. I1L

A.D. 1816V

Surplus to Paper Maker.

Provifa

Engiues, See. and Paper found in Mill, ,

Cable for Duty and Penalties.

In Questions as to Class to which Paper belongs, Proof on Owner.

Paper, See. fraudently concealed.

and if after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Paper Maker, together with the Costs and Expences of such Taking, Distraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus arising from the Side thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Paper Maker or his Representatives: Provided always, that when any of the Articles aforesaid shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Paper Maker, or his Representatives, at any time or times before the time appointed for the Sale thereof, to require the same to be delivered up to him or them, upoa his or their paying to the Collector or Officer in charge as aforesaid, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, together with the Costs and Expences as aforesaid, the real Value of such Articles as he or they shall desire to have delivered up, and the same may be delivered up accordingly.

XLV. And be it enacted, That all Engines, Vats, Wet Prefles and Utensils for making any kind of Paper in any Mill, and all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, 6caleboard, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, and Glazed Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and act the Materials for making thereof, which shall be found in such Mill, or into whose Hands soever the same shall come, and by whatever Conveyance or Title the same shall be claimed, shall be liable and subject to, and the same respectively are hereby made chargeable with all Duties in Azrear, and owing by the Paper Maker who used such Mill, or which shall be in Arrear or owing by such Paper Maker, and shall also be subject and liable to (atisfy all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or which shall be incurred by every such Paper Maker for any Offence against this Act or any Act or Acts in force or to be in force relating to the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and it shall and may be lawful in all such cases to levy such Duties and Penalties on all and every such Engine, Vat, Wet Press and Utensil, Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board and Materials, or any of them, and to use such Proceedings as may lawfully be done, in case such Debtor or Debtors, Offender or Offenders was or were the true Owner or Owners of such Engine, Vat, Wet Press or Utensil, Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scdeboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, or Materials respectively.

XLV I. And be it enacted, That if any Question shall arise whether any Paper is really and bona Jide of or belonging to the Class marked, written or printed on the Cover or Wrapper containing the same, although such Paper should appear to nave been entered or kept in the Officer's Book or Books as being of or belonging to such Class, the Proof of such Paper being really and bona Jide of and belonging to the Class marked, written or printed on the Cover or Wrapper containing the same, shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Paper, and not on the Officer or Officers.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That in case any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, made in Ireland*, shall be fraudulently deposited, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty of any of the Duties imposed thereon, all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard,

Scale-

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.78.

429

Scaleboard and Glided Paper, Sheating and Sheathfrig Paper, Button Paper and Button Board respectively mail be forfeited, together with Forfeited, the Packages containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and to enable such Officer or Officers Search under to discover such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Warrantof* Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, 'Button Paper or Button Board Just, ce' respectively, which may be so hid or concealed, if any Officer of Excise shall have Cause to suspect that any such Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper,

Button Paper or Button Board, shall be so deposited, hid or concealed, then and in every such case, upon Oath made by such Officer Oith by Officer, before any Justice of the Peace, setting forth the Ground of his Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice of the Peace before whom such Oath shall be made, if he shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and empower any Officer or Officers, by Day or by Search in what Night, but if in the Night then in the Presence of a Constable or in prefcncc other Officer of the Peace, to enter into every such Place where he °*Peace 0fficc*' or they shall so suspect such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, to be depoiited, hid or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard,

Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, which he or they shall find so hid or concealed, together with the Packages containing the same; and all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Pasteboard,*

Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board forfe, ted* respectively, together with the Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by such Officer of Excise 5 and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Officer Stock to be of Excise shall have entered into the Mill, Warehouse, Drying lhewn to Officer. House, Storehouse or other Place belonging to any Paper Maker, such Paper Maker, or some Person employed on behalf of such Paper Maker, shall, on Demand of any such Officer, shew or canfe to be shewn to such Officer all the Stock then on Hand of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed' Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and shall give or cause to be given to such Officer a Declaration of the same, that is to say, that the Stock so shewn is all the Stock of Paper, Pasteboard,

Scaleboard, Millboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, of or belonging to such Paper Maker; and if such Paper Maker, or some Person on his or her False Declar-behalf, shall not, on Demand made by any such Officer, forthwith aiion.

shew or cause to be shewn such Stock, or make such Declaration as aforesaid, or if such Paper Maker, or Person shewing Stock, or making such Declaration, shall make any false or untrue Declaration of such Stock, such Paper Maker shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Officer or Penalty. Officers of Excise shall upon Search discover any Paper, Pasteboard, paper, &c. Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, found.

Button Paper or Button Board, belonging to such Paper Maker, which (half not have been duly shewn or declared, then all such

Paper,

*so

C.7S.

36° GEO. III.

Forfeiture.

Seisure.

Stock of Paper fob than Quantity which ought, by Stock Account, to be in

PefielOon.

Penalty.

Paper found charged with Duty, greater in Number and Weight than appears by Stock Account, Paper equal to the In-craafe forfeited*

t Sit.

Stationers not to receive any Paper left than a Ream properly stamped and marked.

Penalty.

Wrappers not to be returned to Paper Makers by Stationer J

44>'1« 16-

Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or'Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board fb di{covered shall be forfeited, and may he seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XLIX. And be it futher enacted, That in every case where the Stock of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper# Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which Audi hayq been damped, and purporting to have been charged with Duty, in the Possession of any Paper Maker, shall be less than the Quantity of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper; Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which, by the Stock Account of such Paper Maker kept by the Officer of Excise, ought to be in the Possession of such Paper Maker every such Paper Maker, for every time such Decrease shall appear, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Ream of Paper, and for every Parcel of Pasteboard* Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which shall be so deficient*

L- And be it further enacted, That whenever there shall be found in the Mill of any Paper Maker any Ream or Reams of Paper, or any Parcel or Parcels of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, stamped and purporting to have been charged with Duty greater in Number or Weight than the Number or Weight which, by the Stock Account kept by the Officer of Excise, ought to be in the Pdfieffian of such Paper Maker, it shall and may be 'lawful for any Officer of Excise to seize, out of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed B^per, Shearing qr Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, in the Mill of such Paper Maker, orf Quantity of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board* equal to the Quantity Co found mcfeased, and the same shall be forfeited.

UX. And be it enacted, That no Paper Stainer Stationer or Dealer m Paper, shall receive into his or her Custody or Pofieffipn any Paper made in Irtbrnd* which shall not at the time of his er herfo receiving the same be an entire Ream of Paper duly stamped and marked for denoting the Duty of Excise imposed thereon to thave been charged for or in rtfpe& of such Paper, oqt, without the Officer's Name and Surname, together with the Day, Month effd Year when such Duty was charged, nor without the Class directed to be marked, written or printed thereon, at the time of such Duty being charged, or any Paper without such Permit for the Remowl thereof as by Law required, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with all such Paper which shall be so received by any such Stationer or Dealer in Paper contrary to the Directions of this Act, and all such Paper Audi and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LII. And be it enacted, That if any Stationer or Dealer in Paper, or any other Person, shall restore, return, redeliver or»fend* or procure, permit or suffer to be restored, returned, redelivered or feat to any Paper Maker, or to any Mill, Work House, Storefioafe, Room or other Place, to any such Paper Maker belonging, or to any other Place or Places whatever, to or for the Use.of any .Maker

of

A.D. 181*.

*6° GEO. III.

C.7S*

*3J

of Paper, any Wrapper or Cover which had been before used as a

Wrapper or Caver to any Paper, and marked, damped or labelled

with (he Mark, Stamp or Label dirfefted by this Act; and if any but destroyed.

Stationer or Dealer in Paper shall not upon the opening of any Ream

of Paper forthwith destroy or cause to oe destroyed the Wrapper or

Cover in which such Paper was inclosed, or deface or cause to be

defaced the Impression of the Mark or Stamp, or the Label put

thereon by the Officer of Excise according to the Dineftiont of this

Act, and if any stamped* marked or labelled Cover or Wrapper,

which had before contained any Paper, shall be found conveying or

conveyed* the same shall ber 1'1 11 - cer

or Officers of Excise; and or

other Person, shall for each and every the respective Offences afore-

said forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds 4 and if any Paper Penalties.

Maker shall receive, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be re- Makers receir-

cerved, restored, returned, redelivered or feat to him or her, or to be ing Wrappers,

dsept or deposited at any Mill, Work House, Storehouse, Room or &c*

other Place to him or her belonging, or at any other Plaoe to or for

baa or her Ufo, any such Wrapper, Cover or Label, which had been

before used, every such Paper Maker fhadl forfeit for every such

Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every such Wrapper, Penalty.

Cover, Label and all Paper of any Sort or kind which shall or may

be conveying or conveyed therein or therewith shall be forfeited, and

may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise 5 and all and Wrappeiyfcc.

every Carriage in which or on which any such stamped marked fcixed*

Cover, or Wrapper, or Label, which had before contained any Paper, or had been affixed to any Paper, shall be found in the Course vf Conveyance, and every Horse or Beast of Burthen attached to And Horses, any such Carriage, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Carriages, ate. Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, that nothing herein Prorifc. contained shall extend or be deemed to extend to inflict the £ud Penalty of One hundred Pounds for or on account of the not defboyiag or returning any Wrapper or Cover which shall have been opened, containing therein the same identical Ream of Paper which was removed, earned or lent away by the Maker thereof, and which shall hove bsrn^retnrned to him or iter on account of the same being diffiked and refused by the Person or Persons to whom the same was font, or for or on account of the not destroying or returning of any Label affixed to such Wrapper or Cover; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enOsted, That it shall not be lawful for Paper, Sec. not any Paper Maker to fend or deliver any Ream of Paper, or any 10 removed Parcel of Pastebotord, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, without Permit. Shearing or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board, out of the Mill or Manufactory of such Paper Maker, without a Permit for the Removal thereof, signed by the Officer in charge of such Mill or Manufactosy, or other Officer authorized in that behalf by the Commissionen of Inland Excise and Taxes in Irtlandy and that every such Permit shall be written or printed in plain legible'Cha-Tafters, and shall contain such Particulars as shall from time to time be diiefted by the Conkmiffioiters of Inland Excise and Taxes in jrdand, for any Three* of them, and also the several following Particulars.; 'that is to say, 'the Date and Number of such Permit, and Permit to con-the Diftaftt from whence ftfatd, and th&Flaoe to which such Paper or tain certain par-

Paste- ticehrs.

C.78-

56° GEO. III-

A-D.1816-

Seizure if Permit be not produced.

ProvifOi

On Trial for Forfeiture, Proof to lit on Claimant.

Fiditious Names or Placet inserted in Permit; Expiration of time.

Schure and Forfeiture.

Time for Permit to to in force.

Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button, Paper or Button Board, therein mentioned, are intended to be carried, and shall particularly express the Marks, Weight, Package, Quality and Denomination of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, according as the same is commonly and usually called and known, so intended to be conveyed under such Permit, and shall likewise contain the real Name and Surname, and Place of Abode, of the Paper Maker, and the Situation of his or her Mill or Manufactory, and the real Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons to whom, and the Place or Places to which such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazfed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, as aforesaid, is intended to be lent; and in every such Permit shall be expressed and set forth the Date of the Month and Year when such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, was weighed and charged with Duty by the Officer; and if any Ream of Paper, or Parcel of Pasteboard, Mill-hoard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be conveying or carrying, or carried or conveyed, from the Mill or Manufactory of any Paper Maker, the same shall be forfeited, and may he seized by any Officer of Excise, unless the Carrier or Person conveying the same, or the Person in whose Possession the same shall be, shall, on Demand made by any Officer of Excise, produce a Permit under the Hand of the proper Office# of Excise, authorizing the Removal of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, respectively, and upon the Trial of any Information for the Forfeiture of any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respedivdy, which shall he found conveying or conveyed without such Permit as aforesaid, the Proof of the Person from and to whom, and the Place from and to which such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, as aforesaid respectively, shall he conveying or conveyed, shall lie upon the Claimant or Claimants, and not on the Officer or Person prosecuting such Information; and in case any fictitious Name or Names* or the Name of any Person from or to whom such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, as aforesaid, mentioned in any Permit, shall not he intended to be lent, shall be inserted in any Permit or Permits, or in case such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, shall be delivered from or to any other Person or from or at any other Place than from or to the Person or from or at the Place mentioned in the Permit, such Paper, Pasteboard, Scaleboard, Mill-board or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, mentioned in such Permit, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise; and in every such Permit shall be likewise mentioned some reasonable limited time for such Permit bring in force for the Conveyance of the Paper,

13 Paste.

A»D.1816<

56° GEO. III.

C. 78.

43*

Pasteboard. Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid therein mentioned, from one Place to another, and after the Expiration of such limited time such Permit shall not be in force for protecting the Conveyance of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, and the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise; and every such Permit in which there shall be any Erasure, Interlineation or Aiteration, shall be null and void, and the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board conveying or conveyed, for the Protection of which any erased, interlined or altered Permit shall be produced, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and no such Permit shall be granted by any Officer, unless a Request Note or Requisition in Writing, duly stamped according to Law, and containing such Particulars as hereinafter required, mall have been delivered by or on behalf of the Party requiring such Permit, and every such Request Note or Requilition shall, contain the Name and Surname of the Paper Maker, and Situation of the Mill or Manufactory of the Paper Maker fending such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, and the Name and Surname of the Person to whom intended to be sent, and specifying the Trade, Occupation or Calling of such Person, and also the Place to which such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid is intended to be lent; and such Requilition or Request 'Note shall particularly express the Marks, Weight, Package, Quantity and Denomination of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheating Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, according as the same is commonly and usually called and known, and the Date of the Month and Year the same was respedrively weighed and charged with Duty.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That on Oath made by the Carrier or Person in whose Possession any Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, for which a Permit shall have been granted, of the Loss of such Permit, and by the Paper Maker who shall have sent the same under such Permit, before any Commissioner or Sub Commissioner of Excise, that such Permit was taken out, and was not used or intended to be used to his Knowledge or Belief fraudulently to cover or protect any other Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board whatever, but was taken out for the particular Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, so seized as aforesaid, for want of Permit, in such case the Entry of such Permit in the Books of the proper Officer, or a Copy thereof duly attested, shall be Evidence of such Permit having been taken out, and such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, shall thereupon be restored to the Owner or Proprietor thereof: Provided always, that if the Car-56 G*0. III. F f riage

Erasure, &c. in Permit void.

Goods forfeited.

Request Note for Permit to ba stamped, and to contain certain Particulars.

What Evidence (bail he given if Permit be loft.

Entry or Copy of Permit.

43*

C.7S.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1II6.

Time of Permit m*y be enlarged on proper Notice.

riage of any such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glased Paper, Cheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, shall be prevented from being fully performed within the time knitted in such Permit by any unavoidable Accident, then on Notice being immediately given by the Owner or Carrier of such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shea ting or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, to any Officer of Excise, and Rest or Stay being made of such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board at aforesaid, at or near the Place where such Accident fitaU happen, the Officer of Excise to whom such Notice shall be given, shall without Delay repair to the Place where such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, wail then be, and if such Officer shall find upon View or Enquiry that such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforesaid, were flopped or delayed in their Carriage by Accident, then such Officer (hah thereupon by Indorseraent on such Permit enlarge the time for the Carriage of such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or But* ton Board as aforesaid, to the Place of their first Destination; and if any Officer of Excise shall wilfully or negligently omit or refuse to do his Duty therein according to the Directions aforesaid, such Officer shall, on Proof thereof being made to the Satisfaction of the Coimnissioners of Excise in Irehnd, or any Three or more of them, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LV. And bt k enacted, That k shall be lawful for any Officer granting or renewing any such Permit, to examine upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby authorized to adsaaifter, any Person or Pferfont applying for such Permit, whether the Duty was a&uxlly charged or paid for the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board for which such Permit shall be so demanded, and as to the Identity of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaldboard or {Hazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board m aforesaid, and to all such matters os shall appear to fudh Officer or Officers necessary to satisfy him or them that the Duties payable oa such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard dr Glazed Papor, Sheating or Sheathing Pttpexv Button Paper or Button Board nr aforesaid, had been duly charged or paid.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person being aSta-livered to Officer tioner or Dealer in Paper, or a Paper Stainer, or Maaufatihner of w<lthiV8 Hi0Ur" PaPer> to whom any such Paper, Pasteboard, M&lboard, Scaleboard p " Ifhn'ikfii Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or on finding Paper* Button Board, shall be sent, shall, wkhm Forty eight Hours after the Arrival thereof, or after the Expiration of the time hooked in such Permit, repair with such Permit to the Surveyor or Gauger of the Walk in which such Person shall reside^ and shall present and deliver the same to such Officer, who shall wxthm Twenty four Hours examine such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, and shall without Fee or Reward, if such Officer fhaD find

that

Indorsedon Permit.

Officer neglecting.

Penalty.

Officer granting or renewing Permit to examine oil Oath whether Duty hat been paid

Permit to be de-

to correspond with Permit* certify same on Back thereof, ficc.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 78. MS

that such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glased Paper,

Shotting or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, cor-refpood with such Permit, certify on the Back thereof that such Permit was presented to him, and that, having examined the Paper,

Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively al-ledged to have been conveyed under such Permit, he found that such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board to corre-spond therewith, and such Officer shall sign and date such Certificate, and shall thereupon redeliver such Permit, with such Certificate indorsed thereon, to the Party, and such Permit, with such Certificate thereon, shall be a Protection for such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard,

Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board; and if any such Paper, Pasteboard, Mill- Permit and Ccr-board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, tificate not pro-Button Paper or Button Board shall be found in the Possession of duced* such Stationer or Dealer in Paper, or Paper Stainer, after the Expiration of such Forty eight Hours respectively as aforesaid from the Arrival of the Goods, or from the Expiration of the time limited in the Permit nnder which such Goods were conveyed to such Stationer or Dealer in Paper or Paper Stainer, and such Permit, with such Certificate as is thereon herein directed to be indorsed thereon, shall not be produced on Demand of any Officer of Excise, then all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which shall have been so conveyed under such Permit, and which shall Paper, Sec. (or-be found without such Certificate, which shall be so found, shall be fcstednd fc, zed* forfeited, and may be seized by any such Officer.

LVII. And be it enactced» That if any Person or Persons shall at Forging, or ufin* any time counterfeit or forge any Permit or Let-pafs for the Car- p*rro, tF* riage of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper,

Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, or shall counterfeit any Impression, Stamp or Mark, provided or appointed or to be provided or appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties respectively for the time being, or any Three or more of them respectively, to be put to or upon such Permit or Let-pass, or shall make use of any such counterfeit or forged Permit or Let-pass, with such counterfeit Impression, Stamp or Mark, knowing the same to be counterfeited, such Person or Persons being thereof legally convicted shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be Felony, transported for the Space of Seven Years.

LVIII. And Whereas it ia expedient that an Allowance should < be made for Paper used in printing Bibles, Te ft ament a, Psalm*Books and Books of Common Prayer, by The King's Printer in«Ireland; 9 Be it therefore enacted. That it shall and may be lawful Drawback of to and for the Commissioners of Inland ExcHe and Taxes in Ireland Du'y on ?"Per for the time being, upon being satisfied that the Duty of Excise shall Bible*"*"by* have been folly paid for any Quantity of Paper of the First Class Ring's Primer hereinbefore mentioned used by The King's Printer in Ireland, in in Ireland, to be the printing of Bibles, Testaawnts, Psalm Books and Books of «Uowed on cer-Commoti FVayer of the Church of England and Ireland, to pay and tam Condllwn5» allow to such King's Pastors, or to the Person or Persons by them

F f 2 respect-

436

C. 78.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1846.

Paper to have Date of Year in the Water Mirk.

Notice of Quantity of Paper printed, &c.

Scales and Weights to he provided.

Notice when impression printed off*.

Officers to attend and inspecti dec. and give Certificate.

Oath to ceetain Particulars.

respectively authorized to receive the same, a Drawback or Allowance of Three pence per Pound Weight for all such Paper so used as aforesaid, under the Conditions and Regulations hereinafter mentioned and expressed: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to entitle the said King's Printer, or any Person or Persons whatever on his behalf, to any such Drawback or Allowance for or in respect of any such Paper used in the Printing any such Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books or Books of Common Prayer, unless the said Paper shall have visible in the Substance thereof a Mark, commonly called a Water Mark, of the Date of the present Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixteen in Figures, or of some subsequent Year of our Lord; nor unless the Manager of the Press of such King's Printer shall, at lead Forty eight Hours before any such Paper is begun to be prepared for printing, give or cause to be given to the Surveyor of Excise of the District a Notice in Writing of the Intention to print such Paper, specifying in such Notice the Number of Reams or Bundles of such Paper so intended to be printed, and whether the same is to be printed for Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books or Common Prayer Books, and of what Size the in* tended impression or Edition thereof is to consist; nor unless all such Paper shall on the Attendance of such Surveyor or some other Officer of Excise, be produced to such Surveyor or Officer inclosed in the original Covers or Wrappers in which such Paper was charged with Duty with the impression of the Officer's Stamp, and his Christian and Surname, and the Date of the Charge of the Duty with the Class of such Paper, and the several matters hereinbefore prescribed and directed to be marked, written or printed, remaining on such Covers or Wrappers respectively; nor unless such Chief Manager of the Press of such King's Printer shall provide good and sufficient Scales and Weights, and shall permit and assist such Officer to use the same for the Purpose of ascertaining the true Quantity and Weight of such Paper; nor unless the Chief Manager of the Press of such King's Printer shall in like manner, within One Month next after the whole of such impression or Edition shall have been printed off, dried and' finiftied, give or cause to be given to the Surveyor of Excise of the DistriA Forty eight Hours' Notice in Writing of such impression or Edition being printed off, dried and finiftied, and thereupon such Surveyor or some other Officer of Excise shall attend and inspest, examine and weigh the whole of such impression or Edition, unbound and in Sheets, and shall thereupon give and deliver to such Chief Manager of the Press of The King's Printer a Certificate in Writing of his hating so done, specifying therein the Name of such Book, together with the Size thereof, and the Number of Copies of which such impression or Edition consists, and the Weight of the Paper on which the same is printed; but if such Weight shall exceed the Weight of the Paper actually produced to and taken account of by the proper Officer previous to the printing thereof as aforesaid, then and in such case such Weight, previous to the printing thereof, shall be inserted in such Certificate, and the Allowance shall be made for no greater Quantity or Weight than the Weight specified in such Certificate, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding s Provided also, that no such Allowances shall be made for or in respect of any such Paper used in

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 78.

487

the printing any such Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books or Books of Common Prayer, unless the Chief Manager of the Press of such King's Printer shall make and subscribe, on the Back of such Certificate, an Oath in Writing before the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Twp or more of them, (which Oath they the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to administer, ) of the Quantity and Weight of the Paper actually made use of in the printing of any such Impression or Edition of the Bible, Testament, Psalm Book or Book of Common Prayer, as the case may require, and that such Chief Manager of The King's Printer believes that all Duty by Law imposed for or in respect of such Paper used in the printing of such Impression or Edition has been fully paid, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been before claimed or paid for or in respect of such Paper or any Part thereof, and that the whole of the Impression or Edition of such Bible, Testament, Psalm Book or Book of Common Prayer, has been printed by The King's Printer at his usual and ordinary Printing House on his or their own Account, under and by virtue of the exclusive Patent, Authority or Privilege belonging to him as such King's Printer, and for his foie and entire Benefit, Profit, Emolument and Advantage.

LIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person to export as Merchandize from Ireland any Paper made in Ireland\ upon which Paper all Duties chargeable by Law shall have been duly paid and satisfied, and under, subject and according to such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, so far as the same respectively are applicable thereto, as are enacted by any Act or Acts for obtaining a Drawback on the Exportation of any Article or thing subject to a Duty of Excise; and such Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, shall moreover make Oath that he believes that the Duties of Excise imposed on such Paper in respect of the Quality and Weight thereof, or a Sum or Sums equal in Amount to such Duties, have been fully paid for such Paper, and thereupon a Drawback of the Duty so paid shall be allowed, on the said several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as far as the same respectively are applicable thereto, shall be in full Force, and shall be and the same are hereby directed to be observed, practised, applied and put in Execution, upon such Exportation of any such Paper, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same respectively had been reenacted in this Act.

LX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed to extend to entitle any Person to any such Drawback for any such Paper, unless the Officer of Excise who shall attend to fee such Paper packed up in order to be exported, shall then find such Paper inclosed in the Cover or Wrapper in which the same was charged with Duty with the Im-

?ression of the Officer's Stamp, and his Name and Surname, with the )ate of the Charge of the Duty on such Paper, and the Class thereof, together with the several matters hereinbefore prescribed and directed to be marked, written or printed, remaining on such Cover or Wrapper; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Officer who shall attend to fee such Paper packed up as aforesaid, and such Officer is hereby required to take off or to fee taken off all and every'F f 3 the

Paper made in Ireland may be exported from Ireland.

Drawback.

Drawback not allowed unless Officer find Paper inclosed in Wrappersin which same was charged with Duty, &c.

498

C. 78.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

v the' Impressiona of the Officer's Stamp or Label from every Ream of such Paper intended to be packed up in order to be exported before the lame shall be so packed.

Book* bound or LXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any unbound be person to export from Ireland, as Merchandize, any Books, either exported. unbound, or bound with any Materials respectively liable to any

Duties of Excise, and for which the Duties of Excise imposed for or in respect thereof have been paid, and such Books being made up or composed of Paper made in Ireland of the First Class, and for ail which Paper so to be exported the Duty of Excise shall have been paid, and under, subject and according to such Rules and Regulations, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures as aforesaid, as Exporter making far as the same or any of them can or may be applied thereto; and Oath that the such Exporter or his Clerk or Manager shall, in case such Books Duty has bten shall be to be exported, make Oath that he believes the Duty of to Drawback*^-xc^e hath been rally paid for such Paper, and also that he believes that no Drawback haul been before received bjr any Person for or in respect of such Paper, or any Part thereof; and in case such Books, bound with any Materials as aforesaid, shall be to be exported, then such Exporter or his Clerk or Manager, shall make further Oath that he believes the several Duties of Excise, by any Act or Acts of Parliament imposed for or in respect of the Materials of which the Binding is composed, have been paid, and that a Drawback, equal lo the Duty by Law payable by Weight on Paper of the First Class, shall be allowed for and in respect of all such Books, under and subject to the said several Rules, Regulations, Restrictiont, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and which Rules, Regulations, Reflridions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, so far as the same respectively can or may be applied to the Exportation of such Books, shall be extended to the same respectively, as fully and effectually as if the same respectively had been reenacted in this Act.

Foreign Vapcr LXI I. And in order to secure the due Payment of the Duties on Importation payable upon the Importation of Foreign Paper, be it enacted, to be stamped. That the Officer or Officers of the Customs at the Port or Place

Stamps to be provided.

Boreign Paper imported in left Quantity than a Ream, forfeited.

where any Foreign Paper shall be imported, shall cause such Paper, whether in a Ream or exceeding a Ream, to be marked, stamped or sealed in such manner as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties, or any Three or more of them, Audi direct; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to provide proper Stamps, Marks or Seals, for marking, damping or leafing all Foreign Paper imported, to denote the charging the Duties thereon, and the same to cause to be distributed to the proper Officers of the Customs for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, which Officers are hereby required and enjoined to mark, damp or seal the same, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall from time to time think fit to direct; which Stamps, Marks or Seals to be provided in pursuance of this Act may be altered or renewed from time to time, as the said Commissioners shall from time to time think fit to direct.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Foreign Paper shall be imported into Ireland in any less Quantity than a Ream, each such Ream containing Twenty Quires, and eacn Quire thereof

Twenty

439

A.D. 1816. 56 GEO. III. 0.78.

Twenty four Sheets, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Revenue.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty of any of the Duties imposed upon Paper, wilfully cut out, obhterate or deface, or wilfully suffer to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced the Stamp, Mark or Seal put by any Officer of the Revenue upon such Foreign Paper, to denote the charging of the Duty on such Paper, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Ream or other Parcel of Paper on which the Stamp, Mark or Seal put by any such Officer shall be so wilfully cut out, obliterated or defaced.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or cause to be counterfeited any Stamp, Mark or Seal provided by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit, forge or referable the Mark or Im-pression of any such Stamp, Mark or Seal upon any Paper, or shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession any such counterfeit Stamp, Mark or Seal, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or shall utter, vend or fell any Paper with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Im-pression of any such Stamp, Mark or Seal thereon, knowing the same to be so counterfeited or forged, or shall, upon any Ream or Quantity of Foreign Paper which has not been duly entered with the proper Officer or Officers of the Revenue, and charged with the Duty payable upon the Importation of such Paper, knowingly put or place the Impression of any such counterfeit or forged Stamp, Mark or Seal, or shall knowingly affix upon any Ream or Quantity of such Paper, any Stamp, Mark or Seal which shall have been before affixed, marked, stamped or sealed, upon any other Ream or Quantity of Foreign Paper, then and in every such case every such Person so offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That no Paper imported into this Kingdom fit for or capable of being used for the Purposes of Writing, Printing or Drawing, shall be entered under the Denomination of Card Paper, or Cap Paper, but the same shall be entered by the Pound Weight, and be charged with such Duty as all other Papers so to be entered are or shall be subject to.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That every thing in this Act contained, relating to any Paper or Pasteboard, or to any Paper Maker, shall be deemed and construed to extend, and shall extend to all Paper of every Sort and kind, and to all Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Gl&zed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and to every Maker and Manufacturer of every Sort and kind of Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and that every thing in this Act contained relating to any Paper Mill shall be deemed and construed to extend, and shall extend to every Manufactory and Place in which the making or manufacturing of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be carried on, or in which arty Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be dried

F f 4 or

Defacing Stamp denoting the Duty.

Penalty.

Forging Stamp, Sec.

Having forged Scamp in Custody, or felling Paper, Sec. with forged Stamp.

Penalty.

Paper imported

entered by Pound Wtkhr, and so charged.

Act to extend to Paper, Sec. of all Son*, and to all Makers and Mills, See*

56° GEO. III.

Perform taking false Oaths.

Perjury. Recovery of Penalties in British Currency. Application.

14 5c 15 Car. 2.

PO

46 G.3. c. ic6.

Appeal.

Commencement of Act.

Act may be altered, &c.

C. 78, 79.

A.D. 1816*

or kept, as fully as if such matters and things had been repeated and expressed throughout the Body of this Act.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this Act required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm fal&ljr thereon, any such Person being duly convicted thereof shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Oath or Affirmation, any such Person being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning shall for every such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Disabilities as Persons convicted of Subornation of Peijury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be paid ami payable in British Currency, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied, in such manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions as are appointed, directed and expreifed for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impofl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Succejffors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an A-d made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several A3s relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the CommifJioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland 5 or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein repeated and re-enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years .of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

LXX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That this Act maybe altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Rape Seed Cakes, Linseed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fisti, except Whale Fins, imported into Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[25th June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Customi payable on the Importation of Rape Seed Cakes, Linseed c Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fish, except

Whale

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 79.

441

Whale Fins, into Great Britain, should cease and determine) and

that other Duties of Customs should be imposedin lieu thereof )' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act the several Duties of Customs imposed upon the Importation of Rape Seed Cakes, Linseed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fines, by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting certain additional Duties of Customs imported into and exported from Great Britain, shall cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may on the passing of this Act remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon all Rape Seed Cakes and Linseed Cakes imported into Great Britain, a Duty of Customs of Two pence for every Hundred Weight; and upon all Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fins, so imported, a Duty of Customs of One Pound for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof; which Value shall be ascertained according to the Declaration to be made by the Owner or Proprietor or his known Agent, in like manner and Form, and under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, and such Goods shall be subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed and directed for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; or by any subsequent Act or Acts relative thereto in force on or immediately before the palfing of this Act.

III. And De it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs granted by this Act shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered in such and the like manner as the Duties on Rape Seed Cakes, Linseed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fins, hereby repealed, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, cof-leded, answered, paid and recovered, and the Goods shall be subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures and Forfeitures, as such Goods were subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

Duties imposed on Rape Seed Cakes, 8cc. by 49 G-3* c.98. Sch. (A.) Inwards, and 53 G-3- c. 33* to cease, except Arrears.

New Duties ti» be paid.

7 G.3. c.13.

Duties hoyr levied.

IV. And

4*1*2

C.79, 80*

56° GEO. III.

AD. 1816.

Application of Dudes.

Act may be altered, &c.

Principal Offi-ctrs and Cun-r.i ill!oners of the Navy tt Foreign Stations may gram Certificates of Stores fcM by them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties imposed by this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster> and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties of Customs imposed on the like Goods, under the Head of Permanent Duties, were directed to be appropriated and applied.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to enable the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy resident on Foreign Stations to grant Certificates of Stores or Goods, which may be sold by such Officers or Commissioners at such Foreign Stations.

[25th June 1816.]

WHEREAS divers salutary Acts of Parliament have from time to time been passed for preventing the Embezzlement*of His Majesty's Naval Stores and Goods, marked as is therein*mentioned: And Whereas by the said Acts, or some of them, the*principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy are au-< thorized to sell and dispose of any of the said Stores or Goods so9marked as aforesaid, and to grant Certificates under their Hands to 4 the Purchasers of such Stores or Goods, as in the said Acts is men-9 tioned: And Whereas the principal Officers and Commissioners of 4 His Majesty's Navy resident on Foreign Stations have frequently occasion to sell and dispose of such Stores or Goods, and the same9may be brought by the Purchasers thereof into this Kingdom; but9fuen Commissioners on Foreign Stations not having the Power to9grant Certificates to the Purchasers of such Stores or Goods, of9their having purchased the same, or the Certificates granted by such Commissioners resident on Foreign Stations not being of such and9the same Force and Effect as such like Certificates granted under9the Hands of Three or more of the said Commissioners in Bug* 4 land are of, the Purchasers and Owners of the* said Stores or9Goods may be endangered by the Possession thereof in such Parts 4 of His Majesty's Dominions to which the said Statutes extend For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every or any One of the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy resident on any Foreign Station, to grant Certificates under his or their respective Hand or Hands for any such Stores or Goods which shall hereafter be sold by or by the Order of any such principal Officer or CQmmissioner at any such Foreign Station, of such and the same or the like Tenor and Effect, and that the same Certificates so to be granted as aforesaid shall be in all Places of such and the same Force and Effect as Certificates under the Hands of Three or more of the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy in England are of, for any such Stores or Goodl sold by or by the Order of the said Commissioners in England.

CAP.

A.D. 1816.

*6° GEO. III.

C. 81, 82.

445

CAP. LXXXI.

An A £t to alter the Period during which Manufacturers of Oil of Vitriol are to deliver in their Accounts.

[25th June 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His 500.3. c.40* present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for discontinuing 4 tie Bounty on Exportation of Oil of Vitriol, and allowing a Draw*

4 book of a Proportion of the Duties paid on tbs Importation of Foreign 4 Brimfioue used in mating Oil of Vitriol j it is enacted, that every $

Manufacturer of Oil of Vitriol intending to claim any Drawback*or Repayment under the above recited Act shall make an Entry of*his Name and Place of Abode with the Collector of the Customs of the Port within or nearest to which his Work shall be carried on,

and shall once in every Month enter in a Book to be kept for that

Purpose an Account of the whole Quantity of .Foreign Brim (tone

4 used and consumed in his Manufactory within the preceding

Month; and at the End of the Year, to be computed from the

Date of such Entry as aforesaid, shall deliver the said Account to

< the Collector of the Customs with whom he shall have made such

< Entry as aforesaid: And Whereas it has been found by Experience

that Difficulties arise in delivering such Account at the End of the

Year Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent

Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing Accounts to be

of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Manufacturers of Ou delivered within

of Vitriol to deliver the Account required by the aforesaid recited s*x Months

Act to the Collector of the Customs with whom they shall have made of Year!*"

the Entry as required by the said recited Act, witnin Six Months

after the Expiration of the Year, computed from the Date of the

Entry.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be requilite for ln wha5cafe the Manufacturers of such Oil of Vitriol after the First Entry of his aft*r7rrt5"? Name and Place of Abode to make any further Entry of the fame n ry

unless any Alteration shall take Place in the Firm of such Manufactory, or where more than One Year has been suffered to elapse without manufacturing any such Oil of Vitriol, any thing in the before recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Manufacturers of Oil of Vitriol shall be entitled to the like Drawback on the like Conditions, and shall be liable to the like Forfeitures for delivering.false Accounts, as were provided by the aforesaid recited Act.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to render valid the judicial Acts of Surrogates of Vice Admiralty Courts abroad, during Vacancies in Office of Judges of such Courts. [25th June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is requilite that due Validity Should be given to the judicial Acts of Surrogates who have executed the 4 Offices of Judges in the Courts of Vice Admiralty established in 4 His Majesty's Plantations and Colonies, during Vacancies occalion-, cd by the Deaths or Refignatien or other Removals of the said '

Judges,

4H

C. 82, 83.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Acts of Surrogates appointed by Judges, or by Governors of Plantations and Colonies, valid.

43 G. 3. c. j6.

44 G. 3. c. 44.

Maflcr of Vel-i'els to enter into £ond not to tike more Paf-fenteri than by Ad allowed.

4 Judge#, or who also shall hereafter execute the same during such ' Vacation Be it therefore enacted by The King'# Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all judicial Acts of Surrogates having been appointed to act as Judges during such Vacancies, either by Judges of the said Courts previously to their Removal, or, in Default of such Appointment, by the Governors of the Plantations and Colonies in which such Courts shall be, shall have the same Force and Validity, and shall be subject to the same Course of Appeal, as if the said Acts had been done by the Authority of Judges regularly appointed by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty*

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for regulating the carrying of Passengers to and from 1 the Island of Newfoundland and Coast of Labrador.

/ [25th June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to Hit 4 Majesty's Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign Parts,

4 with respeS to the Number of such Passengers: And Whereas an*Aa was passed in the Forty fourth Year of His said Majesty*#

4 Reign, to exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the 4 Provision8 of the above recited Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, whereby the Conveyance of Passengers 4 from the United Kingdom to Newfoundland and Labrador is no, longer subject to any legal Provisiona: And Whereas it is expedient 4 to make special Regulations for the Intercourse between the-United 4 Kingdom and the Idand of Newfoundland and Co^ft of Labrador,

4 so far as regards the Conveyance of Passengers and the providing 4 them with proper Accommodation, and an adequate Supply of 4 Water and Provisions 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mod; Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That before the failing of any Ship or Vessel from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom to Newfoundland or the Coast of Labrador, with Passengers, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, and the Owner or Owners thereof, shall enter into Security by Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs _ and Successors, in the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, with Condition that there shall not be taken on board any such Ship or Vessel any more such Passengers than are hereinafter permitted and allowed; which Bond shall be taken by and deposited with the Colledtor and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs at the Port from which such Ships or Vessels shall fail; and the Master or other Person, having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel previous to his leaving the said Port, shall and is hereby required to deliver to the said Cofledtor and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs at the said Port, a List containing the Number of the said Passengers, with their Names,

Ages

56 GEO. III.

C.83.

445

Ages and Descriptions, Tor the Purpose of being registered at fitch Lift of Paffen-

Port, together with a Copy of the same, which Copy shall be certified E-r* delivered

by the said Officers as being correA and true, and deliver to the 10 Collector.

Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command

of such Ship or Vessel to be by him kept on board the said Vessel,

and subject to the InspeAion of any of His Majesty's Ships of War

or Vessels in the Service of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, during

his Voyage to Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador; and upon On Arrival Copy

the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at either of the aforesaid Places, of Lift delivered

the said Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or lo 1 c Governor

Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall deliver the aforesaid Copy of

the Lift to the Governor of such Place or other Person aAing for

him, or to the Naval Officer or Chief Officer of the Customs at the

Port of Arrival, or to the nearest Justice of the Peace, who shall be

required to examine the Passengers within Twenty four Hours after

their Arrival; and no such Passenger as aforesaid shall be allowed Landing Paf-

to land until such Lift is compared with the Passengers by the Go- fenger*.

veraor or other Person aAing for him, or some Person authorized by

either of them for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the Mailer or other Person Takir.* more having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, l^J*n dumber shall take or have on board his Ship or Vessel, or if the Owner or*W€*Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall engage to take on board more

Persons than the Number allowed, they shall respectively forfeit the Penalty.

Sum of Ten Pounds for each Person so taken or engaged to be taken on board.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Number of Psf*

of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel from any allowed

Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or from ghi'ng to

Guernsey and Jersey, to carry to any Part of Newfoundland or Coast of Labrador a greater Number of Passengers than in the following Proportion; that is to say, any British Ship or Vefifl having a Second Deck may take Passengers at the Rate of One for every unoccupied Space being Six Feet in Length by Two Feet in Breadth, and being of the full perpendicular Height between the Two Decks; or any British Ship or Vessel which shall have only One Deck over her Hold may take Passengers at the Rate of One for every Space between the Cargo flowed in the Hold and the Deck, being Six Feet in Length and Two Feet in Breadth, and being the Height of Five Feet perpendicular above the Cargo, and being independent in either case of the Space which may be requisite for the Stowage of the Water and Provisions and Baggage of the Passengers, and the full Space before mentioned shall accordingly be allotted for the Accommodation of each Passenger so taken on board.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Ship or Vessel shall be furnifited at the time of her Departure to commence the Voyage, with at lead Ten Weeks' Supply of good and wholesome Water, so as to furnish a Supply of Five Pints of Water per Day for every such Passenger, exclusive of the Crew, and the said Supply of Water shall be flowed below the Deck; and every such Ship or Vessel shall also be furnished with such a Supply of Provisions as will afford an Allowance for every such Passenger, exclusive of the Crew, during the said Period of Ten Weeks, o? One Pound of Bread or Biscuit and One Pound of Beef, or Three Quarters of a Pound of

Pork

Quantity of Provisions to be on board.

426

C7&

56° GEO. III,

(

(

i

i

i

i

AJX 1816,

M" GEO. III.

C.83, 04.

447

Surrogate Court or Courts of Session, having Jurisdiction in the I {land of Newfoundland i and such lad mentioned Penalties and Forfeitures as mall be recovered in Newfoundland shall be paid to the Governor of Newfoundland for the time being, or other Person acting for him, or some Person authorized by either of them for that Purpose; to be applied under the Direction of such Governor or other Person acting for him, or some Person authorized by either of them for that Purpose, for defraying the Pafiage home of such Per*

Tons as ought to be sent to that Country to which they belong.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Act not to af-this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Convey-Conveyance of any Persons on board of any such Ship or Vessel, «ncc of Person* whether Fithermen, Youngsters or others, being Hired Servants to be

employed on the Edabliihment of their respective Mailers or Hirers in the Prosecution of the Fisheries carried on from Newfoundland or the Coad of Labrador

CAP. LXXXIV.

An AQt for the better Accommodation of His Majesty's Packets within the Harbour of Holyhead, in the Hland of Anglesea; and for the better Regulation of the Shipping.therein. [25th June 1816.]

WHEREAS the Pier within the Harbour of Holyhead, in the

* Island of Anglesea, has been erected at the Public Expence,

chiefly for the Accommodation and safe lying of His Majesty's

Packets s And Whereas great Inconvenience has arisen, in confe-

quence of the occasionally crowded State of the Harbour, and the

Want of Regularity in mooring the Vessels therein Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Logds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act it shall Poftmaften and may be lawful for His Majesty's Podmader or Podmaders Ge- Gen?ral may nendot Great Britain (with the Consent and Approbation, of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer) ur 3 er' from time to time, to appoint a Person to act as Harbour Mader

within the said Harbour, and to remove any Harbour Mailer so appointed, and to appoint another in his room or dead as they shall fee fitting.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Harbour Mader Power of Hat-(hall have full Power and Authority to direa the mooring, unmoor- bour rag, moving and removing of all Ships or other Vessels, coming into, lying or being in the said Port or Harbour of Holyhead, or any Part thereof, or any Place being within the Distance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the bid Harbour; and to appoint and segulate the time or times, and the manner of their Entrance into, lying in or going out of or frm such Harbour, save and except an stormy or tempestuous Weather; and to regulate and determine the Petition of such Ships and other Vessels; and in case any Owner,

Mader or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or other Vessel shall refuse or negie€t to moor, unmoor, place, more or remove his Ship or Vessel according to such Direction, immediately whan Notice to him or them (had he given or left with any

Person

428

C.78.

56° GEO. III.

Surplus to Paper Maker.

Frovifa

Engiues, fcc. and Paper found in Mill, ,

liable for Duty and Penalties.

In Questxms as to Clift to which Paper belongs, Proof on Owner.

Paper, &e. fraud endy concealed.

4A

and if after die Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties d < such Paper Maker, together with the Costa and Expencei < 3 Taking, Didraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus arifil, the SJe thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and such Paper Maker or his Representatives: Provided alwi when any of the Articles aforesaid shall be so taken and & j it shall and may be lawful for such Paper Maker, or 1is fentatives, at any time or times before the time appointed for thereof, to require the same to be delivered up to him or thl his or their paying to the Collector or Officer in charge as 4ft towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, together Costs and Expences as aforesaid, the real Value of such Arfl he or they shall desire to have delivered up, and the same delivered up accordingly. I

XLV. And be it enacted, That all Engines, Vats, Wet9and Uteniils for making any kind of Paper in icy U31, a Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Shearing or She Paper, and Glazed Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, si the Materials for making thereof, which shall be found inn Mill, or into whose Hands soever the same shall come, and by t ever Conveyance or Title the same shall be claimed, shall br and subject to, and the same respectively are hereby made cbJ with all Duties in Arrear, and owing by die Paper Maker d such Mill, or which shall be in Arrear or owing by tdtt Maker, and shall also be subject and liable to satisfy ailh and Forfeitures incurred or which shall be incurred by ewt Paper Maker for any Offence against this Act or any A ft of in force or to be in force relating to the regulating and feani Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and it (hi may be lawful in al^such cases to levy such Duties and Peril all and every such Engine, Vat, Wet Press and Utensil, 1 Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Sheris Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board and Mated any of them, and to use such Proceedings as may lawfully be in case such Debtor or Debtors, Offender or Offenders was or the true Owner or Owners of such Engine, Vat, Wet Pfl Utensil, Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed f Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Bofl Materials respectively.

XLV I. And be it enacted, That if any Quefbon dull whether any Paper is really and bona Jide of or belonging t Class marked, written or printed on the Cover or Wrapper taining the same, although such Paper should appear to have entered or kept in the Officer's Book or Books as being of c longing to fuen Class, the Proof of such Paper being really and jide of and belonging to the Class marked, written or printed <* Cover or Wrapper containing the same, shall lie upon the OwtfJ Claimer of fuen Paper, and not on the Officer or Officers.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That in case any Paper, Pasteboard Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathicg Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, made in Ireland^ dull be fraudulently deposited, hid or concealed in any Place or Plats whatsoever, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty of any of tie Duties imposed thereon, all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard,

Scale-

56° GEO. III.

C. 85*

449

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of In what winner

this Act it shall and may, be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs ?c,ures

and Port Duties, and for the Commissioners of Inland Ezcife and pofe(jf U" Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them respectively, and they are P

hereby authorized in cases appertaining to the Customs or Excise respectively, to direct any Foreign Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, which shall be seized, and shall be condemned as forfeited under any Alt or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, to be sold either for Home Consumption or Exportation, if under all the Circumstances it shall appear to the said Commissioners respectively, to be most conducive to the Protection of the Revenue so to do; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively from time to time to give such Directions for the Removal of any such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, and to make such Regulations for the ascertaining the Value of such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, or to fix any average Value thereof, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Rewards to which the Informers or Officers or Persons seizing the same respectively may be entitled, and as to the time and manner of paying the same, as to such Commissioners respectively shall seem fitting, and also to regulate the Amount and Mode of Distribution of Rewards to any Commissioned or Non Commissioned Officer or Private Man of His Majesty's Foroes, or any Commissioned Officer, Petty or Warrant Officer, or Seaman of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, as shall appear to be reasonable, and the time and mode of paying the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Rewards herein- Rewards for after mentioned shall be paid and allowed for and in respect of all Seizures, how Seizures of Foreign Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, which (haul be made aPJ»rt, on«d and from and after the passing of this Act, that is to say, in'the case of app , e'Seizures of such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff made at Sea, or in any

Port or Harbour of Ireland\ if the Officer of Customs or Excise, or other Persons making such Seizures, shall also arrest, flop and detain the Persons, or some or one of them, who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized, or in unlacting, removing or carrying away such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, and shall take or convey, or cause every Person so arrested, flopped or detained, to be taken or conveyed before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law, or being a Seaman or Seafaring Man found on board-fuch Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall take and carry him to any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Service, or into the Custody of any Officer employed in His Majesty's Impress Service, then and in any such case such Officer of the Custom6 or Excise, or other Person so making Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco orv Snuff, shall be entitled to and shall be paid One Moiety of the Value at which such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall hava^Seen respectively estimated or fixed by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, in pursuance of the Powers veiled in them by this Act; and in the case* of such Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff made on Shore, if the Officer of Customs or Excise, or other Per-

son making the same, shall also flop, arrest and detain the Persons or some or one of them from whom the same shall be seized, and shall 56 Geo. Ill* G g take

Arresting Persons from whom Goods feir.ed.*

C. 85.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

Ship, See. in which Goods were, seized, &c. and not arresting the Person.

Share of Officer to Seizure.

Seizing G«>ods, hut not taking the Ship or the Person.

Share of Seizure.

take or carry, or catife every Person so arrested, flopped or detained to be taken or carried before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace to be dealt with according to Law, then and in such case such Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person so making seizure of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, shall be entitled to and shall be paid One Moiety of the full Value at which such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall have been so estimated or nxed as aforesaid; and im the case of such Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, whether on Sea or on Shore, if the Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person making the same, shall also seize and prosecute, or cause to be prosecuted, the Ship, Vessel or Boat on board of which such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized, or the Cattle or Carriages used or employed in moving or conveying the same, but shall not also flop, arrest and detain the Persons, or some or one of them, who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized, or in unlacting, removing or carrying away such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, or the Persons, or some or one of them, from whom the same shall be seized and taken, or carry or cause all and every such Persons so flopped, detained or arrested to be taken or carried before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law, then and in every such case the Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person making such Seizure, shall be entitled to and shall be paid only One Third Part of the Value at which such Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff shall be so estimated or fixed as aforesaid; and in case any Officer of Customs or Excise, or other Person, shall make Seizure of any Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, and shall neither seize and prosecute, or cause to be prosecuted, the Ship, Vessel or Boat, Cattle or Carriage, in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff shall be or or shall have been brought, found or seized, or which shall be used or employed in removing or conveying the same, nor shall flop, arrest and detain the Person or Persons, or some or one of them, who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized, or in unlacting, removing or carrying such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, or from whom the tame shall be seized or taken, or shall not carry and convey, or cause all and every such Person so arrested, (lopped or detained before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, then and in such case the Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person making such Seizure, shall be entitled to and shall be paid only One Fourth Part of the Value at which such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be so estimated or fixed as aforesaid; and in all cases where any such Officers or Persons shall seize, within the Limits of any of the Ports of Ireland> or in any Part of the Irish Channel, or elsewhere on the High Seas within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Irt-land> any Spirits which shall have been funk or concealed under or in the Water within such Limits or Distance, every luck Officer and Person so feiziag such Spirits shall be entitled to and fall be paid One Moiety off the Value at which such Spirits ffiaU be so estimated or fixed as aforesaid.

IV. And

56° GEO. III.

C.8S.

451

t IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited

fi Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, whereby

i it is enacted, that an Allowance at the Scale shall be made of Eight

k Pounds for Draft of every Package that shall contain Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight of Tobacco, or more, and Two Pounds i for every such Package for Nailage, shall be and the same is hereby

i repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, the proper

r Customs Landing Waiter and Landing Waiters shall, in the weighing: and taking Account of all Tobacco and Snuff respectively, give the

i Turn of the Scale in favour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof shall

s allow Two Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, and no more for Draft

of every Package which (nail contain Four hundred and fifty Pounds, Weight, or more, of Tobacco or Snuff respectively, any Law, Usage k or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of

this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs, and Port Duties in Ireland, to permit the Importation into Ireland

of Tobacco, Spirits, Teas, Wines or Coffee, at any such Ports or

r Places in Ireland as the said Commissioners shall think fit, under and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions in other Refpefta as .Tobacco, Spirits, Teas, Wines or Coffee may by Law be imported into Ireland; provided it shall be made to appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Port or Place is, with respect to the Trade and Commerce carried on therein, and from the Nature of its Situation, a Port or Place at which it would be just and reasonable to permit such Importation.

VI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this A ft it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, to permit all Staves of Wood not exceeding One Inch and a Half in Thickness, being of the Growth and Production of the United States of America, or of the Growth and Production of East or West Florida, and imported from thence respectively into Ireland, on Payment of One Third Part only of the several Duties of Customs charged on Staves in and by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Rates and Duties, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise y imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties; and in and by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to impose certain Duties on the Import at ion9and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Wood into and from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Sorts of Wood; and to indemnify Per font who have admitted certain Sorts of Wood to Entry, on Payment*of a Proportion only of the Duty imposed thereon, and the Schedules to the said Acts respectively annexed; any thing in the said recited Acts or either of them, or in the Schedules thereto annexed, to the contrary in any wise not-with {landing.

VII. And, for the better securing the Collection of the Duties payable on Auctions in Ireland, be it further enacted, That upon the Trial of any Complaint or Information against any Auctioneer (who shall have delivered or caused to be delivered, or who shall deliver or cause to be delivered any Catalogue of any Sale by Auction, intended to be held by such Auctioneer) for the Recovery of any

G g 2 Penalty

46 G. 3. c.87. $ 98. repealed.

Allowance.

Commissioners of Customs may permit Importation of Tobacco, Spirits, See. into any Irish Port.

Staves not exceeding 1$ Inches thick of the United States, Stc. may be imported on Payment of One Third of the Duties under

54 G. 3. €.129. and

55 G. 3. c. 14.

Auctioneers to prove no Sale took place under Catalogue iu any Action for Non Delivery of Sale Accounts

J

56° GEO. III.

A.D.V

Seizure if Permit be not produced.

Proviso.

On Trial for Forfeiture, Proof to lie on Claimant.

Fiditiout Names or Places inserted in Permit; Expiration of time.

Seixure and Forfeiture.

Time for Permit to W in force.

C.78.

Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheaii Sheathing Paper, Button, Paper or Button Board, therein men are intended to be carried, and shall particularly express the > Weight, Package, Quality and Denomination of Paper, Paftd Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Ska Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, according as theft commonly and usually called and known, so intended to be cm under such Permit, and shall likewise contain the real Nar| Surname, and Place of Abode, of the Paper Maker, and lb I ation of his or her Mill or Manufactory, and the real Nor I Surname and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons to rimJ the Place or Places to which such Piper or Pasteboard, Mix Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Piper, ft Paper or Button Board, as aforesaid, is intended to be lent; t every such Permit shall be expressed and set forth the Date oi Month and Year when such Paper or Pasteboard, Millboard, & board or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button P or Button Board, was weighed and charged with Duty by Officer; and if any Ream of Paper, or Parcel of Pasteboard, J board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing ft Button Paper or Button Board, shall be conveying or cairyi^ carried or conveyed, from the Mill or Manuta&ory of any Pi .Maker, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by uyQi of Excise, unless the Carrier or Person conveying the same, m I Person in whose Possession the same shall be, shall, on Demi* by any Officer of Excise, produce a Permit under the Huidl proper Office# of Excise, authorizing the Removal of fudty Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Siwag Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, respedivdy, upon the Trial of any Information for the Forfeiture of auyf Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheat or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respedw which shall be found conveying or conveyed without such retail aforesaid, the Proof of the Person from and to whom, and the PI from and to which such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaiebo or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper Button Board, as aforesaid respectively, shall be conveying era veyed, shall lie upon the Claimant or Claimants, and not«4 Officer or Person prosecuting such Information; and in aft*fi£ritious Name or Names, or the Name of any Person frea or whom such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Gin Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Bott Board, as aforesaid, mentioned in any Permit, shall not be intend to be sent, shall be inserted in any Permit or Permits, or in cafef# Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Skt or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as shall be delivered from or to any other Person or from or at an other Place than from or to the Person or from or at the Ph< mentioned in the Permit, such Paper, Pasteboard, Scaleboard, Mi board or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Pap or Button Board as aforesaid, mentioned in such Permit, shall I forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise; iodine* such Permit shall be likewise mentioned some reasontble limited for such Permit bring in force for the Conveyance of the P*i*

13 ft

AiD. 1816.

56°QEO. 111.

C. 85, 86.

453"

and Port Duties in Ireland, to admit to Entry and Importation from Great Britain into Ireland\ free of Duty, any Gold or Silver Plate, or Printed Books bound, being the Private Property of any Person or Persons in Ireland\ and being for the private Use of such Person or Persons, and not for Sale, under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties shall from time to time think fit to make in that behalf; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That on the Trial of any Complaint or Information, or other Proceeding whatever, for any Penalty or Forfeiture for or on account of any Offence, matter or thing incurred or committed against or concerning any of the Provisions of any Act or Acts in force, or hereafter to be in force, relating to any of the Revenues, matters or things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or either of them, where it may be necessary to prove any Person acting as a Sub Commissioner, or as an Officer of Customs or Excise, or as an Officer acting under or employed by the said Commissioners respectively, an attested Copy of the Registry or Entry of the Commission or Appointment of such Sub Commissioner or Officer in any of the Books of or belonging to the said Commissioners respectively, or in any of the Books of the Collector of Customs and Port Duties, or of Inland Excise and Taxes for the District within which such Person acted as a Sub Commissioner or other Officery signed by the Secretary, or Person acting as Secretary, to the said Commissioners respectively, by the Chllcftor of Customs andPort Duties, or Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes of the District, or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District within which such Person acted as aforesaid, or signed by any Person employed by and in the Office of such Collector of Customs and Port Duties, or Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, or other Officer in charge as aforesaid respectively, shall be admitted as sufficient Evidence that such Person was duly appointed and was a Sub Commissioner or other Officer, without producing the Commission or Appointment by which such Person was appointed; and that when it may be necessary to give in Evidence before any Court in Ireland, any Decree, Order or Proceeding of the Commissioners of Appeals in Revenue cases in Ireland, a true Copy of any such Decree, Order or Proceeding, attested by their Registrar for the time being, shall be admitted as sufficient Evidence as if the original Decree, Order or other Proceeding of the said Commissioners of Appeal were produced and proved.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain cases, for Two Years from the passing of this Act, and until the End of the Session of Parliament in which the said Two Years shall expire, if Parliament shall be then fitting. [26th June 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases Be it enacted

by

imported from Great Britain to Ireland, Duty free.

Attested Copy of Registry of Appointment of Sub Commissioners or cf Officers of Customs or Excite, sufficient Evidence.

Copy of Decree, See. of Coinmissionen of Appeals, Evidence of Original Decree, Sic.

C.86.

56° GEO. III.

A. D. 1816.

Aliens not departing this Realm, when ordered by Pro-danution^c.

committed to Gaol.

Aliens disobeying Proclamations, &c.

Penalty.

Aliens may be given in charge, by Warrant of a Secretary of State, to be conveyed out of the Kingdom:

But if sufficient Realon bo

by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when and so often as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall by his or their Proclamation, or by his or their Order in Council, or Order under his or their Sign Manual, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council, of that Part of this Realm or United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, shall by Proclamation or by Order of Council, direct that any Alien or Aliens who may be within this Realm, or who may hereafter arrive therein, shall depart this Realm within a time limited in any such Proclamation or Order respectively, and any such Alien shall knowingly and wilfully refuse or neglect to pay due Obedience to such Proclamation or Order respectively, or shall be found in this Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, as the case may be, it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or for any Justice of the Peace, or for any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City or Place, to cause every such Alien to be arrested, and to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he or she shall be so arrested, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or she shall be taken in charge for the Purpose of being sent out of the Realm under the Authority hereinafter given for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Alien so knowingly and wilfully refusing or neglecting to pay due Obedience to any such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or being found in this Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, and who shall be lawfully convicted thereof in His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench in Westminster or in Dublin, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery in England or Ireland, or Great Sessions in Wales* or Court of Justiciary in Scotland, may, at the Discretion of such Courts respectively, be adjudged to fufier Imprisonment for any time not exceeding One Month lor the First Offence, and not exceeding Twelve Months for the Second and any subsequent Offence.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, in any case in which he or they shall apprehend that any Alien will not pay immediate Obedience to any such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or in any case when any Alien shall have been arrested or committed for Refusal or Neglect to obey any such Order, or shall have been convicted of such Refu&l or Neglect, and either before or after such Alien shall have suffered the Punishment in Aided for the same, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to give such Alien in charge to One of His Majesty's Messengers, or to any other Person or Persons to whom he shall think proper to direct such Warrant, in order to his or her being conducted out of the Kingdom, and such Alien shall be so conveyed accordingly: Provided always, that where such Alien (not having been convicted as aforesaid) shall alledge any Excuse for not complying

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III*

C. 86.

4 51

with such Proclamation or Order, or any Reason why such Proclamation or Order should not be enforced, or why further time should be allowed him for complying therewith, k shall be lawful for the Lords of His Majesty's Privy Council, in Great Britain or Ireland, to judge of the Sufficiency of such Excuse or Reason, and to allow or disallow the same either absolutely or on such Conditions as they shall think fit; and where such Alien shall be in Custody under such Warrant of any of His Majesty's Secretaries of State as aforesaid, the Messenger or other Person in whole Custody he shall be, forthwith upon its being signified to him that such Excole or Reason is alledged by such Alien, make known the same to the said Secretary of State, who, upon receiving such Notification, or m any case m which he shall be informed that any such Excafe or Reason is alledged by or on behalf of any Alien under Proclamation or Order to quit the Realm, shall forthwith suspend the Execution of such Proclamation or Order until the matter can be determined by the said Lords of His Majesty's said Privy Council, and such Alien, if in Custody under any such Warrant, shall remain in such Custody until the said Lords shall have signified their Determination thereon, unless in the mean time the said Secretary (kail confer* to, or the said Lords shall make Order for the Release of such Alien, either with or without Security.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel which shall arrive in any Port or Place of this Realm, mall immediately on his Arrival declare in Writing to any Inspector of Aliens appointed by His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, resident at or near such Port or Place, or where no such Inspector shall be so appointed and resident, to the CoHe&or or Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Customs at or near such Port or Place, whether there are or is, to the best of his Knowledge, any Alien or Aliens on board his said Vessel, or who have, to his Knowledge, landed or been landed therefrom at any Port or Place within tins Realm; and shall in his said Declaration specify the Number of Aliens (if any) on board his said VefW, or who have, to his Knowledge, landed or been lo landed therefrom, and also specify their Names and respe£rive Rank, Occupation or Description, as far as he shall be informed thereof.

V. And be it further eaa&ed. That the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel so arriving as aforesaid, who shall refuse or nejrieA to make such Declaration as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for each and every Alien who shall have been on board at the time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel, or who shall have, to his Knowledge, landed or been landed therefrom as aforesaid, whom he shall wilfully have refilled or neglected to declare as aforesaid; and in case such Master or Commander as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay such Penalty as he shall be adjudged to pay in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Inspector of Aliens as aforesaid, or for any Officer of the Customs, as the case may be, to detain such Ship, Vessel or Boat, used in landing the lame as aforesaid, until the same shall have been paid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any

G g 4 Mariner

given for not complying with Proclamation, See. Privy Council may allow same.

MeflVnger, &c.

in such case to fufpenJ the Execution of Proclamation.

Master* of Vessels on Arrival, to declare in Writing to Inspector of Aliens or Officer of Customs, Number of Aliens on board, specify ing Names and Ds-feriprious.

Matters neglecting to make such Declaration. Penalty.

Ship, Ac. detained.

ProVifo for Mariners cef*

436

C. 78.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.

Paper to have Date of Year in the Water Mirk.

Notice of Quantity of Paper printed, dec.

Scales and Weight* to he provided.

Notice when Impression printed off.

Officers to attend and inspedi dec. and give Certificate.

Oath to ceetatn Particulars.

respectively authorized to receive the same, a Drawback or I ance of Three pence per Pound Weight for all such Paper so u afore laid, under the Conditions and Regulations hereinafter men and expressed: Provided always nevertheless* that nothing in thi contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend toe the said King's Printer, or any Person or Persons whatever on & half, to any such Drawback or Allowance for or in respect d such Paper used in the Printing any such Bibles, Testamenti, f Books or Books of Common Prayer, unless the said Piper I have visible in the Subfiance thereof a Mark, commonly dh Water Mark, of the Date of the ppefent Year of our Lord ooetl sand eight hundred and sixteen in Figures, or of some fubfq Year of our Lord; nor unlef9 the Manager of the Press of i King's Printer shall, at lead Forty eight Hours before any i Paper is begun to be prepared for printing, give or cade to be gj to the Surveyor of Excise of the Di drift a Notice in Writing the Intention to print such Paper, specifying in such Notice I Number of Reams or Bundles of such Paper so intended to printed, and whether the same is to be printed for Bibles, Tdbnn Psalm Books or Common Prayer Books, and of what Size foe tended Impression or Edition thereof is to consist; nor unless all & Paper shall on the Attendance of such Surveyor or some other Oft of Excise, be produced to such Surveyor or Officer incloWit original Covers or Wrappers in which such Paper was charpiri Duty with the Impredion of the Officer's Stamp, and his Dub and Surname, and the Date of the Charge of the Duty rift 4 Class of such Paper, and the several matters hereinbefore prefab and directed to be marked, written or printed, remaning on ft1 Covers or Wrappers respectively; nor unless such Chief Manager the Press of such King's Printer shall provide good and fuller Scales and Weights, and shall permit and affid such Officer to ( the same for the Purpose of ascertaining the true Quantity*Weight of such Paper; nor unless the Chief Manager of the Pii of such King's Printer shall in like manner, within One M« next after the whole of such Impression or Edition shall hare k printed off, dried and' finished, give or cause to be given t Surveyor of Excise of the Didnft Forty eight Houri* Not Writing of such Impredion or Edition being primed off, dm finished, and thereupon such Surveyor or some other Officer d cife shall attend and inspest, examine and weigh the whole of Impression or Edition, unbound and in Sheets, and shall there give and deliver to such Chief Manager of the Press of The K Printer a Certificate in Writing of his hating so done, fpedi therein the Name of such Book, together with the Size thereof, the Number of Copies of which such Impression or Edition cos and the Weight of the Paper on which the same is printed; b such Weight shall exceed the Weight of the Paper actually i*«l to and taken account of by the proper Officer previous to foe p ing thereof as aforesaid, then and in such cale such Weight, vious to the printing thereof, shall be inserted in such Certificate, the Allowance shall be made for no greater Quantity or WrigM the Weight specified in such Certificate, any thing herein conti to the contrary notwithfsanding: Provided also, that no foeftj lowances shall be made for or in respect of any such Piper ofa

D .m

56° GEO. III.

C. 78.

487

bepribgzoj such Bibles, Testaments, Pfelra Books or Books of !«m Prayer, unless the Chief Manager of the Press of such Ef*; footer shall make and subscribe, on the Back of such Cer-San Oath in Writing before the said Commissioners of Inland fefcud Taxes, or any Two or more of them, (which Oath they rhid Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to ad* sfer, ) of the Quantity and Weight of the Paper actually made of in the printing of any such Impression or Edition of the It, Te (lament, Pfadm Book or Book of Common Prayer, as the may require, and that such Chief Manager of The King's Printer eves that all Duty by Law imposed for or in respeti of such pr M in the printing of such Impression or Edition has been ly pud, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been before imed or paid for or in respect of such Paper or any Part thereof, [that the whole of the Impression or Edition of such Bible, Testa-Bt, Pfilm Book or Book of Common Prayer, has been printed The King's Printer at his usual and ordinary Printing House on or their own Account, under and by virtue of the exclusive : ent. Authority or Privilege belonging to him as such King's after, and for his foie and entire Benefit, Profit, Emolument and

dvactage.

LIX. Asd be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any afoo to export as Merchandize from Ireland any Paper made in iiaJj upon which Paper all Duties chargeable by Law shall have a duly paid and satisfied, and under, subject and according to such lies, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and For-xura, (o far as the same respectively are applicable thereto, as are nded by any A & or A&a for obtaining a Drawback on the Ex* ortation of any Article or thing subject to a Duty of Excise; and ich Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, shall moreover make Oath Mhekbcm that the Duties of Excise imposed on such Paper in fpedo/ the Quality and Weight thereof, or a Sum or Suras equal Amount to such Duties, have been fully paid for such Paper, and ereupoo a Drawback of the Duty so paid shall be allowed, on the d faenl Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Pe-ilties and Forfeitures, as far as the same respectively are applicable enrto, shall be in full Force, and shall be and the same are hereby med to be observed, practised, applied and put in Execution, upon : h Exportation of any such Paper, as fully and effectually to all tents and Forposes as if the same respectively had been reenadted this Act.

LX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this & contained shall extend or be deemed to extend to entitle any rfon to an? such Drawback for any such Paper, unless the Officer Excite who shall attend to fee such Paper packed up in order be exported, shall then find such Paper inclosed io the Cover or ripper io which the same was charged with Duty with the Im-reffioo of the Officer's Stamp, and his Name and Surname, with the kt of the Charge of the Duty on such Paper, and the Class together with the several matters hereinbefore prescribed and 'ireded to be marked, written or printed, remaining on such Cover r Wrapper; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Officer rho Hall attend to fee such Paper packed up as aforesaid, and such )£<; er is hereby required to take off or to fee taken off all and every F f 3 the

Piper made in Ireland may be exported from Ireland.

Drawback.

Drawback not allowed unless Officer find Pd per inclosed in Wrapper* in which lame was charged with Duty, &c.

45*

C.86.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.lSlff.

Aliens (except Dome ft ic Servants) within one Week after Arrival, to produce Certificates to Chief Magistrate of the Place, or to a Justice.

Where Certificate loft, to deliver in an Account of Particulars.

PonKhment.

Mayors, &c. may detain Aliens, and trsnfmit to Secretary of State an Account of Proceedings.

Keafons for Detention to be stated.

Alien who shall have made such Declaration, or delivered such Particulars, according to the Provisions of this Act; and the Officer keeping or having the Care of such Book, shall also enter or cause to be entered therein an Alphabetical Lift and Index of the Names of the Aliens, in respect of whom such Entries shall be made therein as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Alien arriving in this Realm after the passing of this Act, except such Domestic Servants as aforesaid, shall, within One Week after his or her arriving at the Place which shall be expreifed in the Certificate delivered to him or her as aforesaid, as the Place to which he or she proposes to go, produce such Certificate, if in London, at the Aliens* Office in Crown Street9 Westminster, or to the Chief Magistrate of any other Town or Place in which he or she shall be; and if there be no Chief Magistrate in such Town or Place, then and in such case, to some One of the Justice8 of the Peace in and for the County, City, Town or District in which such Alien shall be, or to such Person or Person* as shall be authorized to that Effect by such Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, by Warrant under hit Hand and Seal; or in case such Certificate shall be loft, shall deliver a full and true Account of all the Particulars that shall have been contained in such Certificate; and that every such Alien as aforesaid, who shall so neglect or refuse to produce such Certificate as aforesaid, or deliver such Account as aforesaid, or who shall wilfully deliver any false Account respecting any of the Particulars hereinbefore mentioned, on Conviction thereof before any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or District in which such Alien shall be, may be adjudged, at the Discretion of such Justices for the first Offence, to suffer Imprisonment for any time not exceeding One Month.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor and Mayors or any One or more of the Aldermen of the Cities of London and Dublin, and for any One or more of His Msuefty's Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, being specially authorized by One of His Majesty*6 Principal Secretaries of State, or by such Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or generally authorized by Qrder of His Majesty in Council, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or other Magistrate or Magistrates of any City, Borough or Town Corporate, so authorized, to cause any Alien whom he or they shall have cause to suspect to be a dangerous Person, to be taken into Custody and examined* and cither to discharge or detain such Alien in Custody as shall appear advisable; and if it shall appear fit to detain such Alien in Custody, it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Alderman or Chief Magistrate, or other Magistrate or Magistrates, or such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals to order such Alien to be detained in Custody until His Majesty's Pleasure shall be known, there to remain without Bail or Mainariee: Provided nevertheless in every such case, every such Mayor, Aider-man, Chief Magistrate or Magistrates Justice or Justices, (halt, and be and they is and are hereby directed and required, forthwith to transmit an Account of his or their Proceedings touching filth Alien, and of the Reasons for which he shell have thought fit to

detain

A-D.1816,

56° GEO. III.

C. 86,

459

detain such Alien, to One of His Majesty'a Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in order and to the end that His Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, may deter-nme what may be fit to be done thereon; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign Mauual, or for such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor, by Order under his Hand, or by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of his Principal Secretaries of State, or the Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor, either to direct that such Alien shall be discharged or ordered out of the Kingdom.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Certificate issued to any Alien by virtue of this Act shall be left, mislaid or destroyed, and such Alien shall produce to One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, from the Officers of the Customs so appointed as aforesaid, at the Port where such Alien shall have arrived, or from the Office of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, a Copy of the Certificate so loft, mislaid or destroyed, and shall make it appear to the SatisfaAion of such Justice, that he or she is the Person named in such Certificate* and that the same has been loft, mislaid or destroyed, without his or her wilful Neglect or Default, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, to grant to such Alien a fresh Certificate, which shall be of the like Force and Effect as tke Certificate so loft, mislaid or destroyed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Custom House Officer shall forthwith, and every Magi ft rate, or Justice to whom any such Certificate or Account shall be produced or delivered as aforesaid, shall forthwith, after the same shall have been so produced or delivered as aforesaid, transmit if in Great Britain, to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and if in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, true and exaA Copies of all such Entries, Certificates and Accounts respectively, made by or delivered to any such Custom House Officer, Magistrate or Justice respectively, by virtue of this Act.

XIII. And be further enacted, That all Certificates hereinbefore required to be given by any InspeAor of Aliens, or Officer of the Customs appointed for the Purpose, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or other Magistrates respectively, shall be given without any Fee or Reward whatsoever; and every such InspeAor of Aliens, or Officer of the Customs, or Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, or other Person, who shall take any Fee or Reward, or Sum of Money, of any AKen, for any Certificate, or other matter or thing under this A A, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every InspeAor of Aliens, or Officer of the Customs, appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to make any such Entry as aforesaid, or grant any Certificate thereon, in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, or shall knowingly make any false Entry, or neglect to return the Copies thereof, in manner directed by this Act, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Warrant for Discharge, &c. of Alien.

Justices to grant Certificates in lieu of such as shall appear to be loft, &c.

Officer of Customs and Magistrates to whom Certificates pro* duced, to trauf-mit Copies of Entries and Certificates to Secretary of State,

See,

No Fee for granting Certificates.

Penalty.

Officers neglect* ing to make Entry, or grant Certificates, &c.

Penalty.

XIV. And

56° GEO. III.

Terfon* taking false Oaths.

Perjury. Recovery of Penalties in Briiifh Cur* rency. Application.

14 Sc 15 Car. a. (>)

46 G.3. c. ic6.

Appeal.

Commencement of Act.

AR may be altered, See.

C. 78, 79.

A.D.

or kept, as fully as if such matters and things had been repeat expressed throughout the Body of this Act.

LX VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person wl take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this Act required taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm thereon, any such Person being duly convicted thereof shall the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful or 01 Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in IreleU; if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Patoj Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Oath or Afina any such Person being duly convicted of such procuring or fuboi shall for every such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, feitures. Pains and Disabilities as Persons con vidied of Subomatit Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force is Irth

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and.feitures under this Act shall be paid ami payable in Britifk ( rency, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recov and applied, in such manner and under such Powers and Authuri and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules Directions as are appointed, directed and expressed for the n vering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act mad Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Maj King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling tlx I* or new Impost upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Suecejfon, stash to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, had* An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several M t lating to the Revenues, matters and things under the ManegtmnI the Commi/fioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Cmmjm of InlanaExcise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other A or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cuf^ and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all 1 tents and Purposes, as if the same were herein repeated and 1 enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act of the Foa teenth and Fifteenth Years .of His late Majesty King Chariu tl Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

LXX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence andah Effect from and after the Fifth Day of August One thousand hundred and sixteen.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, amcwki or repealed by aoy Act or Acts to be passed in this present Sdb of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Rape Seal Cakes, Linseed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animal>, and of Fish, except Whale Fins, imported into Grot 3ri-tain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[25 th Juru 18

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Cuita payable on the Importation of Rape Seed Cakes, LwW

Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fifi,

Wha*

18A6.

56° GEO. III.

C. 79.

*I

f Y&, into Great Britain, should cease and determine) and Duties of Customs should be imposed in lieu thereof enabled by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and hority of the same. That from and after the passing of r several Duties of Customs imposed upon the Importation Seed Cakes, Linseed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other sad of Fish, except Whale Fines, by an Act passed in the Bth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An

repealing the federal Duties of Customs chargeable in Great fes mad fir granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and by an Act

the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An jrmntmg certain additional Duties of Customs imported into and t from Great Britain, shall cease and determine, save and ex-all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears r respectively, which may on the passing of this Act remain un.

to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto, which ive been incurred at any time before the passing of this Act.

i And be it further enatied, That from and after the passing of.there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His, his Heirs and Successors, upon all Rape Seed Cakes and 1 Cakes imported into Great Britain, a Duty of Customs of ceibrevery Hundred Weight; and upon all Bones of Cattle Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fins, so imported, a fo£ Customs of One Pound for every One hundred Pounds of: and real Value thereof; which Value shall be ascertained ac-to the Declaration to be made by the Owner or Proprietor t Agent, in like manner and Form, and under the Rules, Restrictions and Conditions, and such Goods shall be \ wad labile to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are and directed for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be ding to the Value by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing m aeral Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties r thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other r eompefing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation 'pertain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufac-the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom; far applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer*> Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the ReduQion of the National or by any subsequent Act or Acts relative thereto in force on mediately before the passing of this Act.

SlL And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs toted by this Act shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, tied, collected, answered, paid and recovered in such and the like atner as the Duties on Rape Seed Cakes, Linseed Cakes, Bones of lade and other Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fins, hereby repealed, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered, and the Goods shall be subject md liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftric-: ions, Seizures and Forfeitures, as such Goods were subject and liable .0 bj znjAct or A As of Parliament in force on or immediately be-bre the passing of this Act.

IV. And

Duties impofetf on Rape Seed

Cakes, Sec. by 49 G-3- c.*8. Sch. (A.) Inward*, and 53 0-3- c 33-to cease, except Arrears.

New Duties be paid.

V 0.3 c.13.

Duties hop levied.

C.79, 80.

56° GEO. III.

A.D

Application of Dudes.

Act may be altered, &c.

Principal Officers jnd Cun-totillioners of the Navy at Foreign Stations may frant Certificate* of Stores sold by them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising fi Duties imposed by this A ft, the necessary Charges of raising counting for the same excepted, shall from time to time be pi the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and i appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties c toms imposed on the like Goods, under the Head of Pen Duties, were directed to be appropriated and applied.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be i amended or repealed by any Act or Ada to be made in t\af Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to enable the principal Officers and Commissione His Majesty's Navy resident on Foreign Stations to Certificates of Stores or Goods, which may be sold ijr Officers or Comroissioners at such Foreign Stations.

[2jthJs»iS

WHEREAS divers salutary Acts of Parliament I time to time been passed for preventing the Embezxki«of His Majesty's Naval Stores and Goods, marked as is ti«mentioned s And Whereas by the said Acts, or some of tin 4 principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Niqa 4 thorized to sell and dispose of any of the said Stores or Good 4 marked as aforesaid, and to grant Certificates under theirM

the Purchasers of such Stores or Goods, as in the said A&ii 4 tioned: And Whereas the principal Officers and Commftw 4 His Majesty8 Navy resident on Foreign Stations hate fiept 4 occasion to sell and dispose of such Stores or Goods, and tk I 4 may be brought by the Purchasers thereof into this Kingdom; 4 such Commissioners on Foreign Stations not having the hr 4 grant Certificates to the Purchasers of such Stores or Good

their having purchased the same, or the Certificates granted hr

Commissioners resident on Foreign Stations not being of id: 4 the same Force and Effect as such like Certificates granted sJ

the Hands of Three or more of the said Commif&oner! a J 1 land are of, the Purchasers and Owners of the said Stom 1 Goods may be endangered by the Possession thereof infsdfi 4 of His Majesty's Dominions to which the said Statutes exits For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King's Mod Excel Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spin and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afirnb and by the Authority of the same, That from and after tie pal of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for all and everr any One of the principal Officer* and Commissioners

Navy resident on any Foreign Station, to grant Certifiatesuirl or their respective Hand or Hands for any such Stores or God which shall hereafter be sold by or by the Order of any such prim pal Officer or Commissioner at any such Foreign Station, of such J the same or the like Tenor and Effect, and that the same Cerdficai so to be granted as aforesaid /ball be in all Places of such and t same Force and Effect as Certificates under the Hands of Tbm more of the principal Officers and Commissioners ofthcNmin/f land are of, for any such Stores or Goods sold by or by the Order the said Commissioners in England.

C A1

1818.

86° GEO. III.

449

C. 81, 82.

CAP. LXXXI.

49 alter the Period during which Manufacturers of Oil are to deliver in their Accounts.

[25th June 1816.] jvHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of Hit 50 0.3. c. 40.

present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for disconttnning

JUnify Exportation of Oil of Vitriol, and allowing a Draw*

Mtf a Proportion oft be Duties paid on the Importation of Foreign mjhme afed in making Oil of Vitriol; it is eroded, that every f aarfaftmer of Oil of Vitriol, intending to claim any Drawback Repayment under the above recited Act shall make an Entry of Wt Name and Place of Abode with the Collector of the Customs of import within or nearest to which hit Work shall be carried on, al &afl once in every Month enter in a Book to be kept for that -upo£e an Account of the whole Quantity of Foreign Brim done md and contained in his Manutadory within the preceding Loath; and at the End of the Year, to be computed from the bate of finch Entry at aforesaid, shall deliver the said Account to fcueCoUe&nr of the Customs with whom he shall have made such 3ury at aforesaid: And Whereas it has been found by Experience lltDifirakiei arise in delivering such Account at the End of the r*? Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent .My by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual I Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

IVy the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing Account* to be _ ma Ad it tall and may be lawful for the Manufacturers of Cm delivered within

Vitriol to deliver the Account required by the aforesaid recited s" R^, nt.ht .

to the Collector of the Customs with whom they shall have made^yeaFnXKn

Entry as inquired by the said recited Act, witnin Six Months Mr the Expiration of the Year, computed from the Date of the

frill. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be requisite for In wha* case k Maonfadurers of such Oil of Vitriol after the First Entry of his afte/ F*rtt Fmry^and Place of Abode to make any further Entry of the same n^essary! "* any Alteration shall take Place in the Firm of such Manufac-*7, or where more than One Year has been fnffered to elapse with-it ttamifaduring any such Oil of Vitriol, any thing in the before cited Ad to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Manufadurers

Oil of Vitriol shall be entitled to the like Drawback on the like nations, and shall be liable to the like Forfeitures for delivering Me Accounts, as were provided by the aforesaid recited Act.

CAP. LXXXII. a kct to render valid the judicial Acts of Surrogates of Vice Admiralty Courts abroad, during Vacancies in Office i Judges of such Courts. [2Jth June 1816.]

' Tl* HEREAS it is requisite that due Validity should be given ' VY to the judicial Acts of Surrogates who nave executed the'Offices of Judges in the Courts of Vice Admiralty established in 1 His Majesty's Plantations and Colonies, during Vacancies occasion-d by toe Deaths or ftefignatkm or other Removals of the said

Judges,

C. 82, 88.

S69 GEO. III.

A.B

Judges, or who also shall hereafter execute the same dun 4 Vacation ; ' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most I Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords i and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament al Act* of Surro- and by the Authority of the same, That all judicial Acts of pies appointed gates having been appointed to act as Judges during such Vi Governors of*e*l^er W Judges of the said Courts previously to their Reus Plantations andn Default of such Appointment, by the Governors of de Colonies! valid, ations and Colonies in which such Courts shall be, Quill same Force and Validity, and shall be subject to the fane On Appeal, as if the said Acts had been done -by the Astim Judges regularly appointed by the Lords Commissiooen -Admiralty.

CAP. LXXXIII.

43G.3. c.56.

44 G. 3. c. 44.

Matter of Vef-I'eU to enter into Jtuad not to take more Paf-fenteri than by Ad allowed.

An Act for regulating the carrying of Passengers to and the Island of Newfoundland and Coa/l of Labrador.

t [25th June 1

WHEREAS an Act was pa/Ted in the Forty third Y 4 W His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for ing the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United JCtn^dm i 4 Majesty'/ Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to For tip I 4 with respeS to the Number of such Passengers: And Wtea 4 Act was pa/Ted in the Forty fourth Year of His said Up 4 Reign, to exempt Ve/Tels in the Newfoundland Trade fas 4 Provisions of the above recited Act of the Forty third Yard 4 present Majesty's Reign, whereby the Conveyance of Pifc 4 from the United Kingdom to Newfoundland and Labrm 4 longer subject to any legal Provi/ions s And Whereas itisexpe 4 to make special Regulations for the Intercourse between the U 4 Kingdom and the Island of Newfoundland and Co*ft of Ldr 4 so far as regards the Conveyance of Passengers and the pro* 4 them with proper Accommodation, and an adequate Sup}.) 4 Water and Provisions Be it therefore enacted by The K Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prcfaj. liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That fa the failing of any Ship or Vessel from any Port or Place a United Kingdom to Newfoundland or the Coast of Labrakr, 1 Passengers, the Master or other Person having or taking the Ch or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, and the Owner or Of thereof, shall enter into Security by Bond to His Majesty, his H and Successors, in the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, with Ow tion that there shall not be taken on board any such Ship or V? any more such Passengers than are hereinafter permitted and also* which Bond shall be taken by and depo/ited with the Collar a; Comptroller, or other principal Officer of His Majesty'i Custo< at the Port from which such Ships or Ve/Tels shall fan; UM Master or other Person, having or taking the Charge or Command such Ship or Vessel previous to his leaving the said Port, flail and hereby required to deliver to the said CoUeftor and Comptroller, other principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs at the said Port, Lift containing the dumber of the said Passengers, with their Name

Agj

'.W16.

56? GEO. III.

C. 83.

445

n ariD&jptions, for the Purpose of being regidered at such Li a of P*fien-Mv^r with a Copy of the same, which Copy shall be certified g rn delivered km! Officers as being correct and true, and deliver to the to C'alle<^or' mar other Perfos having or taking the Charge or Command flip or Vessel to be by him kept on board the said Vessel,

fed to the Inspection of any of His Majesty's Ships of War

In in the Service of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, during

pge to Newfoundland and the Coad of Labrador; and upon On Arrival Copy

Inin! of such Ship or Vessel at either of the aforesaid Places, of LiftdeGvered

'lid Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or lo Governor#

nand of such Ship or Vessel, shall deliver the aforesaid Copy of

Lid to the Governor of such Place or other Person acting for

or to the Naval Officer or Chief Officer of the Cudoms at the

; of Arms], or to the neared Justice of the Peace, who shall be

tired to examine the Passengers within Twenty four Hours after

r Arrival; and no such Passenger as aforesaid shall be allowed Landing Paf-

r.d until such Lid is compared with the Passengers by the Go- fsngers,

or or other Person acting for him, or some Person authorized by

er of them for that Purpose.

1. And be it further enacted, That if the Mader or other Person Takin*more

Mg or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel,^*uinber

Btakeorbte on board his Ship or Vessel, or if the Owner or*owe

nen of such Ship or Vessel shall engage to take on board more

to dun the Number allowed, they mall respectively forfeit the Penalty.

n of Ten Pounds for each Person so taken or engaged to be taken

board.

HI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Number ofPsf-ihtt M it Ihafl not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel from any fcngew slewed bee in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or from to

'eenftj and Jerfej, to carry to any Part of Newfoundland or Coad Ldreior a greater Number of Passengers than in the following uportion; that is to say, any British Ship or Veflfl having a twd Deck may take Passengers at the Rate of One for every un-napied Space being Six Feet in Length by Two Feet in Breadth, dbeing of the full perpendicular Height between the Two Decks; f tajBnii/b Ship or Vessel which shall have only One Deck over r Hold may take Passengers at the Rate of One for every Space item the Cargo flowed in the Hold and the Deck, being Six Feet Length and Two Feet in Breadth, and being the Height of Five si perpendicular above the Cargo, and being independent in either feofthe Space which may be requisite for the Stowage of the Water dProrifions and Baggage of the Passengers, and the full Space here mentioned shall accordingly be allotted For the Accommodation each Passenger so taken on board.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Ship or Vessel Quantity of tall be furniflted at the time of her Departure to commence the Provision* to be with at lead Ten Weeks* Supply of good and wholesome 00 boan*' so as to furnish a Supply of Five Pints of Water per Day for every such Passenger, exclusive of the Crew, and the said Supply ftiallbe flowed below the Deck; and every such Ship or FeWyialfo be fumished with such a Supply of Provisions as will afford a Allowance for every such Passenger, exclusive of the Crew, during the said Period of Ten Weeks, of One Pound of Bread or Bifcuft and One Pound of Beef, or Three Quarters of a Pound of

Pork

C.83.

56° GEO. III.

Mailer not delivering out Provisions.

Penalty.

Abstract of Act ex poled in some Part of the Ship.

Penalty.

Mailers of Vessels returning from Newfoundland, Arc. to conform to Regulations.

VefTeb returning from Newfoundland, &c. to be fumished with a certain Supply of Water and Provisions.

Not giving out Allowance of Water and Provisos.

Penalty.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Pork per Day, and also Two Pounds of Flour, Three P Oatmeal, or Three Pounds of Peas or Pearl Barley, an Pound of Butter, weekly; the weekly Allowance to comi the Day the Vessel puts to Sea.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Master or othd having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship cj failing to give out the Allowance of Provisions and Water fore lpecified, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawfaj for each and every such Neglect and Omission.

VI. And be it further enacted, That an Abstract of tbi dating the Number of Passengers allowed to be taken, auddj and weekly Allowance of Water and Provisions, shall be exjJ some conspicuous Part of the Ship or Vessel to which the h fengers have Recourse; in failure of which, the Mailer, d Person having or taking the Charge or Command of fab S Vessel, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other 1 having or taking the Charge or Command of any such S Vessel, engaging to take on board any such Paffeogen froml foundland or the Coast: of Labrador, for the Purpose of ret from thence to the United Kingdom, shall conform to the 1 ations above enacted as to the Number of Passengers which it I lawful for them to take on board, and shall be liable to the kkc. ties for any Breach of such Regulations as are hereinbefore a with respect to Vessels proceeding from the Uaited KsgA Newfoundland or the Coast of Labrador

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Shipod returning from Newfoundland or the Coast of Labrador to ay or Place of the United Kingdom with Passengers as aforefud, ft fumished, at the time of her Departure to commence the Vo with at least Seven Weeks* Supply of good and whokfome Wat as to furnish a Supply of Five Pints of Waterier Day for such Passenger, exclusive of the Crew, and the said Supply off shall be flowed below the Deck; and every such Ship or Vessel also be fumished with such a Supply of Provisions as will afloi Allowance for every such Passenger, exclusive of the Crev, di the said Period of Seven Weeks, of One Pound of Bread or ft and One Pound of Beef, or Three Quarters of a Poind of A per Day, and also Two Pounds of Flour, Three Pounds ofOas or Three Pounds of Peas or Pearl Barley, and Half aPoundofl ter, weekly; the weekly Allowance to commence on the Day Vessel puts to Sea.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Pa having taken the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, irf to give out the Allowance of Provisions and Water htrtM specified, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawful each and every such Neglect and Omission.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeit to be incurred under this Act shall and may be lecswredht l« mary way on the Oath of One or more Witaefi or Witixfk, kfc any One or more of His MajestyV Justice or Justicesof the Fa of any County, County of a Cky, Riding, Shire or Place iad United Kingdom where such Skip or Vessel fltafl dejfert (m a coaxe to in or during such Voyage, or in a fattumry Way m re

Surra

W GEO. III.

447

C. 83, 64.

> CflHrt or Courts of Session, having Jurisdiction in the iMmfonudland; and such lad mentioned Penalties and M "1 be recovered in Newfoundland shall be paid to the iNewfoundland for the time being, or other Person aft-, or some Person authorized by either of them for that \ to be applied under the Direction of such Governor or bn acting for him, or same Person authorized by either of rthat Purpose, for defraying the Passage home of such Per-nght to be feut to that Country to which they belong, i Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Act not to af-"r contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Convey-sof any Persons on board of any such Ship or Vessel, ance, of hennen, Youngsters or others, being Hired Servants to be EstablUhraent.*loo the Establishment of their respectve Matters or Hirers »Frofccutioa of the Fittieries carried on from Newfoundland or 7 of Labrador.

CAP. LXXXIV.

> Aflfc for the better Accommodation of His Majesty's within the Harbour of Holyhead, in the Island of i; and for the better Regulation of the Shipping

[25th June 1816.]

WHEREAS the Pier within the Harbour of Holyhead, in the Island of Anglesea, has been erected at the Public Expence,

6y for the Accommodation and safe lying of His Majesty's a; And Whereas great Inconvenience has arisen, in confe-\ of the occasionally crowded State of the Harbour, and the l of Regdarity in mooring the Vessels therein 5* Be it there-1 caaftrd by The King's Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with "* e and Consent of the Logds Spiritual and Temporal, and _ in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-lof the same. That from and after the passing of this Act it shall Postmasters r be lawful for His Majesty's Pottmaster or Postmasters Ge- C5enfral may Great Britain (with the Consent and Approbation, of the

\ for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer) ur 3 er'

1 tone to time, to appoint a Person to act as Harbour Matter the said Harbour, and to remove any Harbour Matter so ap-", and to appoint another in his room or (lead as they shall fee

I And be it further enacted, That eveij such Hartmur Matter Power ofliir-I have full Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmoor- bour .moving and removing of all Ships or other Vessels, coming into,

'1 or being in the (hid Port or Harbour of Holyhead, or any Pact of, or any Place being within the Distance of Five hundred Yards ftbe Entrance or Mouth of the flud Harbour; and to appoint and late the time or times, and the manner of their Entrance into,

; in or going oat of or (km such Harbour, lave and except an r or tempenuous Weather; and to regulate and determine the a of Inch Ships and other Veflela; and ia case any Owner, r or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such j>«r other Vessel ihaH refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, place,

*>ve or remove his Ship or Vessel according to such Direction, am-"fctfetcJy whoa Notice to him or them Audi be given or left with any

Perfhft

C. 84, 85.

56° GEO. III.

Obstrudin* Harbour M jfter

Penalty. Recovery of Penalties.

So much of 46 G.3. c. 87.

eed 47 G. 3.

Seif. % . c. 16.

§ 8. directing in what manner Produce of Seizure* of Foreign Spirits or Tobacco shall be applied, repealed.

A.a

Person or Persons on board of such Ship or Vessel for that! every such Owner, Maffter or other Person shall for evd Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds shall and may be lawful to and for the said Harbour Miller Affiilants, and he or his A Hi Hants are hereby required, to ad moor, place, move or remove such Ship and Vessel according in case any Mailer, Commander, Mate, Pilot or other ft Persons taking charge or command of any Ship or other ft any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall obstruct or mooring, unmooring, placing, moving or removing of any I other Vessel, lying or being in the said Harbour, or being wil Distance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Month ofl Harbour, then and in every such case such Person orPerfocrfa ing shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Som not ing Twenty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties to be under this Act shall be recovered in a summary manner heft One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Cou Anglesea, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Cl and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, it shall and may ful for such Justice of the Peace to commit the Person or so offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction said County, for any time not exceeding Six Months, or Fine shall be paid.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to make further Regulations for securing the of the Duties cf Customs and Excise in Ireland and Importation into Ireland of American Staves, and Plate and Books from Greqf Britain. [26th Jutu ll

WHEREAS it is expedient to proportion the Ri

Officers of the Revenue and others making Seii

Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, in some Degree to the A£id ' Zeal of the Officers, and the Danger and Risk incurred in

such Seizures ; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's M( cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeot of the Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pad assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so mud< Ad made \p the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty'sf intituled An Act more effectually to regulate the Collision of tk on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported or exported a from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowance* end D hacks thereonand of an Act made in the Forty seventh Y< His Majesty>8 Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Mejtf the Fifth Dan of July One thousand eight hundred and (ifa Duties on the Importation % and to allow Drawbacks on the i at ion of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and frt* 1 land, as directs in what manner the Produce arising by the Sals any Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Foreign Spirits, or of I Tobacco, which shall be seized and condemned, as being ilk# imported into Ireland\ or attempted or intended so to be, ihn applied, or as gives any Part of such Produce to any Person or W fons who shall leize such Spirits or Tobacco, shall be and the same* hereby repealed.

II. Ad

D. 181(1

56° GEO. III.

C. 85.

449

II. Asfbrit farther enacted, That from and after the passing of In what winner

(af A£ I dull and may. be lawful for the Commissioners ot Customs S*, 2Utcs rffrt Dories, and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and u*

fee [rrhmdt or any Three of them respectively, and they are* c

mb acthorized in cases appertaining to the Cuttoms or Excise fedy, to direH any Foreign Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, which lie fazed, and shall be condemned as forfeited under any Act or hia force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues of Cuttoms or Ex-, to be sold either for Home Consumption or Exportation, if ball the Circumstances it shall appear to the said Commissioners ediwly, to be most conducive to the Protection of the Revenue lodo-, aid it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively n tine to time to give such Directions for the Removal of any h Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, and to make such Regulations for the mating the Value of such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, or to fix average Value thereof, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Reds to which the Informers or Officers or Persons seizing the same le&vely miy be entitled, and as to the time and manner of paying same, as to such Commissioners respectively shall seem fitting, and a to regulate the Amount and Mode of Dittribution of Rewards any Commissioned or Non Commissioned Officer or Private Man His Majesty's Foroes, or any Commissioned Officer, Petty or arrant Officer, or Seaman of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, as II appear to be reasonable, and the time and mode of paying the

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Rewards herein- Rewards for«menrioned shall be paid and allowed for and in respect of all Seizures, how azures of Foreign Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, which shall be madepj»rtjoned and m and after the patting of this Act, that is to say, in'the case of appie '

Azores of such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff made at Sea, or in any «t or Harbour of Ireland* if the Officer of Customs or Excise, other Persons making such Seizures, shall also arrest, flop and tain the Persons, or some or one of them, who shall be or shall have en employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or on board hkh such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall hare been wgk, found or seized, or in unlacting, removing or carrying away th Spirts, Tobacco or Snuff, and shall take or convey, or cause fy Person so arreiled. Hopped or detained, to be taken or coned before One or more of His Majesty's Justicea of the Peace, to dealt with according to Law, or being a Seaman or Seafaring tn found on board-fuch Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall take and carry i to any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Service, or into Custody of any Officer employed in His Majesty's Imprefa Ser-t, then and in any such case such Officer of the Customa or Ex-r, or other Person so making Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco or v [iff, shall be entitled to and shall be paid One Moiety of the Value itoch such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall hava^een Actively estimated or fixed by the said Commissioners of Cuiloms dPort Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and wtsTdpeftifely, in pursuance of the Powers vetted in them by this d; and in the cafe- of such Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff rie on Shore, if the Officer of Customs or Excise, or other Peril maiing the same, shall also Hop, arrest and detain the Persons Arresting Perforce or one of them from whom the same shall be seized, and shall ^ns°rm wl|ora rrr i Goods teired.

58 Geo. III. G g take

C. 85.

56° GEO. III.

Ship, 5rc. in which Goods were, seized, &c. and not arresting the Pcribn.

Share of Officer in Seizure.

Seizing Goods, hut not taking the Ship or the Person.

Share of Seizure.

kni

take or carry, or cause every Person so arrested, flopped or deta be taken or carried before One of His Majesty9* Juftket of the to be dealt with according to Law, then and in such cafc fod cer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person so making (ci Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, shall be entitled to and shall bepri Moiety of the full Value at which such Spirits, Tobacco of shall be or shall have been so estimated or fixed as iforefudjl the case of such Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, riri Sea or on Shore, if the Officer of the Customs or Person making the same, shall also seize and prosecute, or aril prosecuted, the Ship, Vessel or Boat on board of which fodli Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, fouadorfi or the Cattle or Carriages used or employed in morisr or cow the same, but shall not also flop, arreil and detain & Peri* some or one of them, who shall be or shall have ben eopJcjt navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or on board which i Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall have beenbroeght, fe or seized, or m unlacting, removing or carrying tviy such Spa Tobacco or Snuff, or the Persons, or some or one of then, f whom the same shall be seized and taken, or carry or cade $1 every such Persons so (lopped, detained or arretted to be tria carried before One or more of His Majesty's Justicet of the B to be dealt with according to Law, then and in every fueberi Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person makiogttj zure, shall be entitled to and shall be paid only One Thxdlkt the Value at which such Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff tf It estimated or fixed as aforesaid; and in case any Officer of 04 or Excise, or other Person, shall make Seizure of any Sfi Tobacco or Snuff, and shall neither seize and pro&cute, or cal be prosecuted, the Ship, Vessel or Boat, Cattle or Carriage, ns board which such Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff shall be or or Gull been brought, found or seized, or which shall be used or empli in removing or conveying the same, nor shall (lop, arreftandi the Person or Persons, or some or one of them, who shall beorj have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat ia a board which such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall i been brought, found or seized, or in unlacting, removing or an such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, or from wnom the tame hi seized or taken, or shall not carry and convey, or cauie all aid such Person so arrested, (lopped or detained before One or MR His Majesty's Just ices of the Peace, then and in fochcaletkfl cer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person making such Stir shall be entided to and shall be paid only One Fourth Part of Value at winch such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be so etbaal or fixed as aforesaid; and in all cases where any such Oficm Persons shall seize, within the Limits of any of the Porti of Ink or in any Part of the Irish Channel, or elsewhere on tk Iff Seas within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Corfsofi land, any Spirits which shall have been funk or concealed under in the Water within such Limits or Distance, every foci Oft and Person so feiziag such Spirits shall be entitled to and fall paid One Moiety of the Value at which such Spirits shall be estimated or fixed as aforesaid.

IV. Ai

im

56° GEO. III.

C. 85.

451

I be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited*Forty sixth Year of Hie prefect Majesty's Reign, whereby \ that an Allowance at the Scale shall be made of Eight r Draft of every Package that shall contain Four hundred (founds Weight of Tobacco, or more, and Two Pounds pitch Package for Nailage, shall be and the same is hereby j and that from and after the passing of this Act, the proper (Landing Waiter and Landing Waiters shall, in the weighing*j Account of all Tobacco and Snuff respectively, give the ! the Scale in favour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof shall Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, and no more for Draft r Package which (nail contain Four hundred and fifty Pounds e, of Tobacco or Snuff respectively, any Law, Usage sin the contrary notwithstanding.

d be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of , k shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs L Duties in Ireland, to permit the Importation into Ireland kco, Spirits, Teas, Wines or Coffee, at any such Ports or a Ireland as the said Commissioners shall think fit, under and such Regulations and Restrictions in other Respects as t Spirits, Teas, Wines or Coffee may by Law be imported id; provided it shall be made to appear, to the Satisfaction I Commissioners, that such Port or Place is, with respect - r and Commerce carried on therein, and from the Nature a Port or Place at which it would be just and rea-t permit such Importation, d be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this i and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and to permit all Staves of Wood not exceeding One Inch b Tbxrknefs, being of the Growth and Production of I States of America* or of the Growth and Production of J West Florida, and imported from thence respectively into ion Payment of One Third Part only of the several Duties \ charged on Staves in and by an Act made in the Fifty of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to Majesty Rates and Duties, and to allow Drawbacks and on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise, imported into A from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Draw-Bounties $ and in and by an A 6k made in the last Session imt, intituled An Act to imfofe certain Duties on the Import to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Sorts of and from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks Sorts of Wood; and to indemnify Persons who have admitted ISorts of Wood to Entry, on Payments/ a Proportion only of tmposed thereon, and the Schedules to the said Acts resped-; ed $ any thing in the said recited Acts or either of them. Schedules thereto annexed, to the contrary in any wise not-

And, for the better securing the Collection of the Duties oo Auctions in Ireland, be it further enacted, That upon > of any Complaint or Information against any Auctioneer Q have delivered or caused to be delivered, or who shall de- or caofe to be delivered any Catalogue of any Sale by Auction, to be held by such Audioneer) for the Recovery of any G g 2 Penalty

46 0.3. c.87. 5 98. repealed.

Allowance.

Commissioners of Customs rosy permit Importation of Tobacco, Spirits, ficc. into any Irish Port.

Staves not exceeding 1$ Inches thick of the United States, &c. may be imported on Payment of One Third of the Duties under

54 G. 3. €.1*9, and

55 G. 3. c. 14.

Auctioneers to prove no Sale took place under Catalogue iu any Action for Non Delivery of Sale Accounts

C. 85.

56° GEO. III.

under

54G.3.C.8*.

480.3. c.j6.

§ 4.

CompetiCit'ion for Loft of Fees to Officers of the Customs.

Plate and Bound Books, not for 'ay be

Penalty for the Offence of neglecting or omitting to deliver; Sale Account as such Auctioneer is, under and by virtue of passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty'iRc tuled An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Avdirn u in lieu of former Duties thereony and to provide for the rep}* securing the Col led ion of the said Duties, and to prevent Frai in, required to deliver of the several Articles, Lotsorftrt tained in such Catalogue as aforesaid, every such AudiowrJ convicted of such Offence and shall incur such Penalty, all Auctioneer shall make due Proof that no Sale whatever bf Auction had taken place, or was any way opened or begun ail Catalogue.

4 VIII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty eigbl

of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for si 4 Fees received by Officers in the Service of the Custoou, in the

Ports of Ireland, and for regulating the Hours of Attends 4 the Number of Holidays to be observed by the said Ojfictrt and 4 Officers of Excise, it is enacted, that certain annual Paymeurj 4 of Compensation shall be made to Officers, Clerks and other! 4 employed in or holding any Office in the Service of the Ci 4 at any Port in Ireland, who may sustain Loss by the AbcS 4 Fees directed by the said Act, and that every such annual R 4 by way of Compensation to any such Officer, Clerk orotW 4 shall continue during the time any such Person (haUcostatfft 4 such Office or Employment: And Whereas it maylqp 4 such Officers, Clerks or other Persons receiving such Cap 4 may be removed to some other Offices or Employments ia4l 4 vice of the Customs, the annual Salary or other Emdosfl 4 which may not amount to more than the Salary and annual 1 4 ance by way of Compensation made to such Officer, Clerk of 4 Person under the said recited Act in respect of the Office froa 4 such Officer, Clerk or other Person may be removed, and 4 might be detrimental to the Officer, Clerk or other Peribe 4 movedBe it therefore provided and enacted, That in d such Officer, Clerk or other Person who shall receive any fiidti Payment by way of Compensation under the said recited Act said Forty eighth Year shall be removed to any other Office or ployment in the Service of the Customs, the annual Salary^ Emoluments of which do not amount to more tham the Sffirfi the further annual Allowance by way of Compensation made < the said recited Act, to any such Officer, Clerk or other Perform have amounted to, then and in such case it shall and may be W the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, by and with tie sent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief G nor or Governors of Ireland, to continue to psy such Office, ( or Person so removed, the Allowance or any Part thereof dock have been granted by way of annual Compensation, for Loss oil to such Officer, Clerk or other Person, by the said Commfar the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Gorrn Governors of Ireland^ according to the said recited Act, r, ot\ Handing any such Removal as aforesaid, and notwithstanding thing in the said recited Act in any wise to the contrary.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pa& this Act it shall and may be lawful for the CommifSooers of Custi

15

1.1616.

56" GEO. III.

453

C. 85, 86.

i Dsties in Ireland, to admit to Entry and Importation from Itm into Ireland\ free of Duty, any Gold or Silver Plate,

I Books bound, being the Private Property of any Person \ in Ireland, and being for the private Use of such Person \ and not for Sale, under such Rules and Regulations as ICommissioners of Customs and Port Duties shall from time P- think fit to make in that behalf; any thing in any Act or I the contrary in any wise notwith (landing.

'lad be it further enacted, That on the Trial of any Com-r Information, or other Proceeding whatever, for any Penalty itare for or on account of any Offence, matter or thing in-r committed againil or concerning any of the Provisions of for Acts in force, or hereafter to be in force, relating to any les, matters or things under the Management of the \ of Customs and Port Duties, and the Commissioners r and Taxes in Ireland, or either of them, where it to prove any Person acting as a Sub Commissioner, i Officer of Customs or Excise, or as an Officer acting under d by the said Commissioners respectively, an attested Copy pftry or Entry of the Commission or Appointment of fuen oaffioner or Officer in any of the Books of or belonging t Commissioners respectively, or in any of the Books of the of Customs and Port Duties, or of Inland Excise and 2k District within which such Person acted as a Sub Com- other Officer* signed by the Secretary, or Person acting y, to the said Commissioners respectively, by the Chlledor isndPort Duties, or Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the within winch such Person acted as aforesaid, or signed by i employed by and in the Office of such Collector of Cul-Purt Duties, or Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, r Officer in charge as aforesaid respectively, shall be admitted sent Evidence that such Person was duly appointed and was i Cotmnissioner or other Officer, without producing the Com-i or Appointment by which such Person was appointed; and i it may be necessary to give in Evidence before any Court any Decree, Order or Proceeding of the Commissioners Is in Revenue cases in Ireland, a true Copy of any such, Order or Proceeding, attested by their Registrar for the time, Hull be admitted as sufficient Evidence as if the original De-^Order or other Proceeding of the said Commissioners of Appeal 1 and proved.

CAP. LXXXVI. for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving lorresident in this Kingdom, in certain cases, for Two tears from the passing of this A ft, and until the End of ^eSession of Parliament in which the said Two Years shall cpre, if Parliament shall be then fitting. [26th June 1816.] THERE AS it is expedient that Provision should be made for establiftiing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in tju$ Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cafesBe it enabled G g S by

imported from Great Britain to Ireland, Duty free.

Attefteil Copy ofRegtftry of Appointment of Sub Commissioners or of Officer* of Customs or Ex-citV, lulticient Evidence.

Copy of Decree, Sec. of Commissioneri of Appeals, Evidence of Original Decree, Ac.

Aliens not departing this Realm, when ordered by Proclamation, &c.

committed to GaoL

Aliens disobeying Proclamations, Sc. c.

Penalty.

Aliens may be given in charge, by Warrant oft Secretary of State, to be conveyed out of the Kingdom:

But if sufficient Realbtt be

C.86. 56° GEO. III. A.I

by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Comi this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority oft! That when and so often as His Majesty, his Hein and Sw shall by his or their Proclamation, or by his or their Order h cil, or Order under his or their Sign Manual, or the Lord Lie or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Cob that Part of this Realm or United Kingdom of Great Brit, Ireland called Ireland, shall by Proclamation or by Order ol cil, direct that any Alien or Aliens who may be within tint 1 or who may hereafter arrive therein, shall depart this Realm a time limited in any such Proclamation or Order respectird any such Alien shall knowingly and wilfully refuse or negl pay due Obedience to such Proclamation or Order respedm shall be found in this Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary ti Proclamation or Order, as the case may be, it dull be lawfi any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irelai his or their Chief Secretary, or for any Justice of the Peace, any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City or Place, to canfc such Alien to be arrested, and to be committed to the Common of the County or Place where he or she shall be so arrested, the remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or she shall beni charge for the Purpose of being sent out of the Realm rier Authority hereinafter given for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Alien kb ingly and wilfully refusing or ncglecting to pay due ObcAw any such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or beingfomdk Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or 0 and who shall be lawfully convicted thereof in His Maycftfi 0 of King's Bench in Westminster or in DubVin % or in any Gw Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery in England or Ireland, or C Sessions in Wales, or Court of Judiciary in Scotland, may, « Discretion of such Courts respectively, be adjudged to fu&r prisonment for any time not exceeding One Month for the ] Offence, and not exceeding Twelve Months for the Second any subsequent Offence.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful ki One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the U Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or hit their Chief Secretary, in any case in which he or they shall apt hend that any Alien will not pay immediate Obedience to any fi Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or in any case when any Al shall have been arrested or committed for Refusal or Negkd obey any such Order, or shall have been convicted of such HA or Neglect, and either before or after such Alien shall have fdfae the Punishment in Aided for the same, by Warrant under to Hart and Seal, to give such Alien in charge to One of His Majesty Messengers, or to any other Person or Persons to whom he shall tho proper to direct such Warrant, in order to his or her bemgcoududi out of the Kingdom, and such Alien shall be so conveyed accor ingly: Provided always, that where such Alien (not having to convicted as aforesaid) shall alledge any Excuse for not comply^

56° GEO. III.

C. 86.

45$

i fad ftocknution or Order, or any Reason why such Pro-90m or Order should not be enforced, or why further time tie flowed him for complying therewith, k shall be lawful tLordt of His Majesty's Privy Council, in Great Britain or \ to judge of the Sufficiency of such Excuse or Reason, and r or difaUow the same either absolutely or on such Conditions [ shall think fit; and where such Alien shall be in Custody h Warrant of any of His Majesty's Secretaries of State as the Messenger or other Person in whole Custody he shall kwhh upon its being signified to him that such Excuse or is ailedged by such Alien, make known the same to the said ry of State, who, upon receiving such Notification, or in cde in which he shall be informed that any such Excuse or is aQedged by or on behalf of any Alien under Proclamation er to quit the Realm, shall forthwith suspend the Execution ffech Proclamation or Order until the matter can be determined [the laid Lords of His Majesty's said Privy Council, and such } if in Custody under any such Warrant, shall remain in such dy until the said Lords shall have signified their Determination m, unless in the mean time the said Secretary shall consent to, Llhe hid Lords shall make Order for the Release of such Alien, Iff with or without Security.

HP. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Commander faery Ship or Vessel which shall arrive in any Port or Place of it Realm, shall immediately on his Arrival declare in Writing to jglaffedor of Aliens appointed by His Majesty's Principal Seere-0V of State, resident at or near such Port or Place, or where no fffi Inspectnr shall be so appointed and refidenl, to the Cotte&or Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Customs at or near such I or Place, whether there are or is, to the best of his Knowledge, r Alien or Aliens on board his said Vessel, or who have, to his uwltdge, landed or been landed therefrom at any Port or Place lL tins Realm; and shall in his said Declaration specify the <r of Akteas (if any) on board his said Vessel, or who have, i Us Knowledge, landed or been so landed therefrom, and also "riff their Names and respective Rank, Occupation or Defcrip-.«far as be shall be informed thereof, i ? And be R further enacted. That the Master or Commander lewj Ship or Vessel so arriving as aforesaid, who shall refuse9atpe& to make such Declaration as aforesaid, shall for every id Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for each and ferj Alien who shall have been on board at the time of the Arrival (fuck Ship or Vessel, or who shall have, to his Knowledge, landed flea landed therefrom ns aforesaid, whom he shall wilfully have re-or aegle&ed to declare as aforesaid; and in case such Master or banandtr as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay such lhalty as he shall be adjudged to pay in manner aforesaid, it shall k lawful for such Inspector of Aliens as aforesaid, or for any tyteer of the Customs, as the case may be, to detain such Ship, Vcfid or Boat, used in landing the same as aforesaid, until the fan shall have been paid.

VL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herdabefore contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any G g 4 Mariner

given for not complying with Proclamation, 8cc. Privy Council tnay allow same.

Messenger, See. in such cwfe in suspend the Execution of Proclamation.

Matters of Vcf-fels on Arrival, to declare in Writing to Inspector of Aliens or Officer of Cuttoms, Number of Aliens on board, specifying Names and De-feripdoos.

Matters neglecting to make such Declaration. Penalty.

Ship, Sic. detained.

ProVifo for Mariners cet*

456

C.86.

56° GEO. III.

tified to be em-ployed in Navi, gation of Ship.

Aliens, on Arrival, and Departure, to declare in Writing, to InspeAor or Officer of Cuf-toins. Names, Descriptions, and Occupations, &c.

Aliens arriving, neglecting to make such Declaration, or making a false one.

PunUhment.

'Officer of Customs to register Such Declarations,

Mariner whom the Master or Commander of any Ship or Vd ing in any Port or Place in this Realm shall certify to such I of Aliens, or Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, at the ( be, in Writing, subscribed by such Master or Command actually engaged and employed in the Navigation of fuel Vessel, during the time that such Mariner mall remain f engaged and employed; and which Certificate in Writing, feribed as aforesaid, every such Master or Commander as i hereby required to give.

VII. And be it further enacted, That evety Alien \ arrive in this Realm, at any Port or Place therein, after tl of this Act, shall, immediately after such Arrival, declare I ing, to such Inspector of Aliens, or Officer of the Customs! said, as the case may be, at or near such Port or Place, the f the Ship or Vessel in which he or she shall have come to this C and every Alien who shall so arrive, and also every Alien \ depart from any Port or Place of this Realm after the p this Act shall, immediately after such Arrival or before i parture respectively, declare in like manner to such Officer I said, his or her Name and Rank, Occupation or DefcripU Domestic Servant, then also the Name, Rank and Defcrrptid or her Master or Mistress, or shall verbally make to such Cl aforesaid such Declaration, to be by him reduced to Wrii shall also in like manner declare the Country or Place froo he or she shall then have come, and the Place to whidfaj is then going, his or her Profession or Occupation, and d and Place oF Abode of the Person to whom (if any) hej known; and that every such Alien coming into this Ref shall neglect to make Declaration of the aforesaid Partici who shall wilfully make any false Declaration thereof, may ( such Offence, on Convi6hon thereof in His Majesty's C King's Bench at Westminster or in Dublin, or in any Court 1 and Terminer and Gaol Delivery in England or Ireland, orl Sessions in Wales9or Judiciary Court in Scotland, be imjjT for any time not exceeding Three Months, or may at tbejj lion of such Court be adjudged to depart out of this Rea* all other His Majesty's Dominions, within a time to be lit such Judgment; and if he or she shall be found therein ai time in such Judgment so limited, without lawful Cause, he I shall, being duly convicted thereof, be imprisoned for any Tcf exceeding Twelve Months.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Infoedor of AI or Officer of the Customs so appointed as aforesaid, to whom fu Declaration shall be made, or Particulars delivered as mforesaid, (hi immediately register the same in a Book to be kept by him for th Purpose; m which Book, Certificates shall be printed in Blank a Counterparts thereof, in the Form following :

56° GEO. III.

C. 86.

457

allinfert therein the several Particulars by this Act required, particulars to be jot proper Columns, in both Parts thereof, expressing such Par- inserted in Cer-wars as shall be inserted in the Column of Remarks, which shall tificates.

only in One of such Columns; and shall then and there nit off One Part thereof through the Flourish or Device between the Two Parts thereof, and deliver without Fee or other Charge,

One Pat containing all the Particulars contained, excepting such thereof as shall be contained in the Column of Remarks, to the

Alien

C.86.

56" GEO. III.

Aliens (except Dome flic Servants) within one Week after Arrival, to produce Certificates to Chief Magistrate of the Place, or to a JufUce.

Where Certificate loft, to deliver in an Account of Particulars.

Funiihment.

Mayors, See. may detain Aliens, and transmit to Secretary of State an Account of Proceedings.

Be afoot for Detention to be stated.

A.D.U

Alien who shall have made such Declaration, or delivered foca ticulars, according to the Provisions of this Act; and the 0 keeping or having the Care of such Book, shall also enter or cat be entered therein an Alphabetical Lift and Index of the Nw the Aliens, in respect of whom such Entries shall be made til as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Alien amiij h

Realm after the passing of this Act, except such Domefficfal as aforesaid, shall, within One Week after his or her arrhif tl Place which shall be exprefTed in the Certificate delivered tslad her as aforesaid, as the Place to which he or she proposa fc| produce such Certificate, if in London, at the Aliens' Office in Cn Street t Westminster, or to the Chief Magistrate of any other Ti or Place in which he or she shall be; and if there be no Chief gistrate in such Town or Place, then and in such caie, tofome1 of the Justices of the Peace in and for the County, City, Ton District in which such Alien shall be, or to such Person or Perl as shall be authorized to that Effect by such Chief Magistrate Justice, as the case may be, by Warrant under his Hud asd & or in case such Certificate shall he loft, shall deliver a full and t Account of all the particulars that shall have been contained u 6 Certificate; and that every such Alien as aforesaid, who M neglect or refuse to produce such Certificate as aforesaid, ortfl such Account as aforesaid, or who shall wilfully deliver ay Account respecting any of the Particulars hereinbefore «0H on Conviction thereof before any Two of His Majesty'iJdW the Peace for the County, City, Town or District in wtadW Alien shall he, may he adjudged, at the Discretion of such Jdb for the first Offence, to suffer Iznprisonment for any time not ad ing One Month. j

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mm and Mayors or any One or more of the Aldermen of the Citoj London and Dublin, and for any One or more of His Mm Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, Ctrl Place, being specially authorized by One of His Majesty's Pnn Secretaries of State, or by such Secretary of the Lord Lieotcatfl Chief Governor aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and SfiM generally authorized by Order of His Majesty in Council, ortf Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or other Magistrate or Magiftn» any City, Borough or Town Corporate, so authorized, toed any Alien whom he or they shall have cause to suspect to be dangerous Person, to be taken into Custody and examined, a either to discharge or detain such Alien in Custody as shall agpfl advisable; and if it shall appear fit to detain such Alien in Custody it shall he lawful for such Mayor, Alderman or Chief MagHkft«other Magistrate or Magistrates, or such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Ws, it order such Alien to he detained in Custody until His ttfdy'l Pleasure shall be known, there to remain without Bail or Muitntfj Provided nevertheless, in every such case, every fiidh Utoywr, Am man, Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, !IJ> m he and they is and are hereby directed and required, forthwith» transmit an Account of his or their Proceedings touching hi Alien, and of the Reasons for which he shall have thought fit to

0-1816.

56 GEO. III.

C. 86.

459

twWASen, to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of tffiA m Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or UMfipKof Ireland, in order and to the end that His Majesty, or tfHaed Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, may deter-jpfa may be fit to be done thereon; and it shall be lawful for Sffijesty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, or for such Lord Hfmmt or Chief Governor, by Order under his Hand, or by Mttmt coder the Hand and Seal of any One of his Principal wfarir* of State, or the Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or of Governor, either to direct that such Alien shall be discharged nflercfl out of the Kingdom.

Kt. And be it further enacted, That if any Certificate issued to f Afiea by virtixe of this Act shall be left, mislaid or destroyed, d fmA Alien hall produce to One of His Majesty's Justices of the oner, from the Officers of the Customs so appointed as aforesaid, at n Brt where such Alien shall have arrived, or from the Office of me of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Soe of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or of the Chief oweroor or Governors of Ireland, a Copy of the Certificate so loft, iflttd or destroyed, and shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of wjk Justice, that he or she is the Person named in such Certificate, that the same has been loft, mislaid or destroyed, without his or W wife] Neglect or Default, it ftaall and may be lawful for such fficev and he is hereby required, to grant to such Alien a fresh Cer-ote, which shall be of the like Force and Effect as the Certificate ML, unfiaid or destroyed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Custom House Acer M forthwith, and every Magi ft rate, or Justice to whom mj such Certificate or Account shall be produced or delivered as J6n£ud, dull forthwith, after the same shall have been so produced r delivered as aforesaid, transmit if in Great Britain, to One of His Principal Secretaries of State, and if in Ireland, to the ffief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, true and exact Copies erf all such Entries, ^erttfieatn and Accounts respectrvely, made by or delivered to any edh Custom House Officer, Magistrate or Justice respectively, by 'irtae of this Act.

XIII. And be further enacted, That all Certificates hereinbefore cqtrired to be given by any Inspector of Aliens, or Officer of the luftoms appointed for the Purpose, or by any Justice or Justices of be Peace, or other Magistrates respectively, shall be given without ny Fee or Reward whatsoever; and every such Inspector of Aliens, t Officer of the Customs, or Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, or nher Person, who shall take any Fee or Reward, or Sum of Money, if aay Alien, for any Certificate, or other matter or thing under tins shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every Inspector of Aliens, or Officer of the Customs, appointed hr that Purpose as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to make ary such Entry as aforesaid, or grant any Certificate thereon, in pur-fraace of the Provisions of this Act, or shall knowingly make any false Entry, or neglect to return the Copies thereof, in manner directed by this Act, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Warrant for Discharge, 8tc. of Alien.

Justices to grant Certificates iu lieu of such aa shall appear to be loft, &c.

Officer of Customs and Ma-giftratea to whom Certificates produced, to transmit Copies of Entries and Certificates to Secretary of State,

&c.

No Fee for granting Certificates.

Penalty.

Officers neglecting to make Entry, or grant Certificates, &c.

Penalty.

XIV. And

458

C.86.

56" GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Aliens (except Dome ft ic Servants) within one Week after Arrival, to produce Certificates to Chief Magif-trate of the Place, or to a Justice.

Where Certificate loft, to deli* ver in an Account of Particulars.

Punithment.

Mayors, && may detain Aliens, and traitfmit to Secretary of State an Account of Proceedings.

fteafons for Detention to be stated.

Alien who shall have made such Declaration, or delivered such Particulars, according to the Provisions of this Act; and the Officer keeping or having the Care of such Book, shall also enter or cause to be entered therein an Alphabetical Lift and Index of the Names of the Aliens, in respect of whom such Entries shall be made therein as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Alien arriving in this Realm after the passing of this Act, except such Dome flic Servants as aforesaid, shall, within One Week after his or her arriving at the Place which shall be expressed in the Certificate delivered to him or her as aforesaid, as the Place to which he or she proposes to go, produce such Certificate, if in London, at the Aliens' Office in Crown Street, Westminster, or to the Chief Magistrate of any other Town or Place in which he or she shall be; and if there be no Chief Magistrate in such Town or Place, then and in such case, to some One of the Justices of the Peace in and for the County, City, Town or District in which such Alien shall be, or to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized to that Effect by such Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal; or in case such Certificate shall be loft, shall deliver a full and true Account of all the Particulars that shall have been contained in such Certificate; and that every such Alien as aforesaid, who shall so neglect or refuse to produce such Certificate as aforesaid, or deliver such Account as aforesaid, or who shall wilfully deliver any false Account respecting any of the Particulars hereinbefore mentioned, on Conviction thereof before any Tw6 of Hi9 Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or District in which such Alien shall be, may be adjudged, at the Discretion of such Justices, for the first Offence, to suffer Imprisonment for any time not exceeding One Month.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor and Mayors or any One or more of the Aldermen of the Cities of London and Dublin, and for any One or more of His Msyefty's Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, being specially authorized by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or by such Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or generally authorized by Order of His Majesty in Council, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or other Magistrate or Magistrates of any City, Borough or Town Corporate, so authorized, to cause any Alien whom he or they shall have cause to suspect to he a dangerous Person, to be taken into Custody and examined, and either to discharge or detain such Alien in Custody as shall appear advisable; and if it shall appear fit to detain such Alien in Custody, it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Alderman or Chief Magistrate, or other Magistrate or Magistrates, or such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order such Alien to be detained in Custody until His Majesty'a Pleasure shall be known, there to remain without Bail or Mainpme: Provided nevertheless, in every such case, every fiiCh Mayor, Alderman, Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, fhdll, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required, forthwith to transmit an Account of his or their Proceedings touching such Alien, and of the Reasons for which he shall have thought fit to

detain

56" GEO. III.

461

D.ism

C. 86.

n, {ris: Purpose, specifying the Security to be taken by such

dvr.

XTin. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That where any in what case lh vfto shall have been committed under this Act to remain until "hen Alimi tarfc? thall be taken in charge for the Purpose of being sent out h^, ve t>e*V .m Ilk Realm, shall not be sent out of the Realm within Two /nor.

bdir Months after such Commitment, it shall in every such case dt>Il lo^ Icnt hrfd for any of the Justices of His Majesty's Courts of Record out oi the Wdmnjler, or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Kealm, the fain or Ireland, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Courr»,c. may rd Joilice Clerk, or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary in or*

fcW, or for any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in dif. Vuch f P?rt of the United Kingdom, upon Application made to him or AlisnsT rtu br or on the behalf of the Person so committed, and upon T»f jade to him or them that reasonabie Notice of the Intention mb such Application had been given to some or one of His jjetty's Principal Secretaries of State in Great Britain, or to the 3rd Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or i or their Chief Secretary, according to his or their Discretion, to d* Person so committed to be continued in or discharge'd out fCustody.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That Aliens abiding in this Alien* hiving Gngdoro, who have heretofore quitted their respective Countries by Su, tted Fri"le lawn of any Revolution or Troubles in France, or in Countries

wquered by the Arms of France, shall not be liable to be arrested, Troubles, not Dpnfootd or held to Bail, or to find any Caution for their forth- liable to be ur-: oiiL£, or paying any Debt, nor be taken in Execution on any reftod for Debw hdgmrat, oor by any Caption, for or by reason of any Debt or contracted brother Cade of Action contradedor arising in any Parts beyond the Siuithe^Joini/ Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty, while such Aliens nions of His wir not within the said Dominions of His Majesty $ and in case Majesty. sny such Aliens shall have been or shall be arrested, imprisoned or held to Bail, or taken in Execution on a Judgment, or by Caption, con* tnry to the Intent of this Act, such Alien shall be discharged tbodrom by Order of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at ffejhun/ler or Dublin, or of the Court of Section in Scotlandt or of my Judge of such Courts in Vacation time*

XX And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties by PenahHahow IwAft imposed, exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, shall be re- J*^*1 al, <l »m?d by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, ill any of 'PP11*0* f£i Majesty1) Courts of Record at Westminder or in Dublin, or he Court of Great Section in Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Che/ler, Lancaster and Durham, or by Action or fumitory Bill or information in the Court9 of Judiciary or Exchequer in Scotland, as the case shall require, wherein no Efloign, Privilege,

Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, shall, on Conviction of the OlWer upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace of the County,

Stewartry, City, Town or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering to such Offender the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and for want of

sufficient

C.86.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 18I6,

Forging, 8tc. Cenificaie*.

PunhhmenL

AmhafTadoMj&c. not deemed Aliens.

Proviib for Aliens not more than 14 Years old.

Proof whether any Person is or is not an Alien, shall lie on the Party.

Justices of the Courts of Westminster or Dublin, 8c c. may admit Aliens to Bail;

as may aUb any Justice, by Authority of a Secretary of State, &c.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or shall utter, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, any Certificate herein directed to be obtained, or shall obtain any such Certificate under any other Name or Description than the true Name and Description of such Alien, without difdosing to the Person granting such Certificate the true Name and Description of such Alien, and the Reason for concealing the same, or shall falsely pretend to be the Person intended to be named and described in any such Certificate; every Person so offending, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall suffer Imprisonment in the Common Gaol for any time not exceeding One Year.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Foreign AmbafTador or other Public Minister duly authorized, nor the Domestic Servants of any such Foreign AmbafTador or Public Minister, registered as such according to the Directions of the Laws in force for that Purpose, or being a&ually attendant upon such AmbafTador or Minister, shall be deemed an Alien within the meaning of this Act: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall alfed any Alien, in respect of any Act done or omitted to be done, who fhau make it appear that he or she was not above the Age of Fourteen Years at the time when such Act was so done or omitted to be done: Provided always, that if any Question shall arise, whether any Person alledged to be an Alien, and subject to the Provisions of this Act or any of them, is an Alien or not, or is or is not an .Alien, subject to the said Provisions or any of them, the Proof that such Person is or by Law is to be deemed to be a natural-born Subject of His Majesty, or Denizen of this Kingdom, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, or if an Alien is not subject to the Provisions in this Act contained or any of them, by reason of any Exception contained in this Act, or which shall be expressed in any Proclamation or Order in Council as aforesaid, or in any Special Warrant from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary as aforesaid, shall lie on the Person so alledged to be an Alien, and to be subject to the Provisions of this Act, some or one of them.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case in which Power is given by this Act to commit any Alien to Gaol without Bail or Mainprize, it shall and may be lawful for any Justices of His hjajesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Britain or Ireland, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk, or any of the Commissioners of Jufliciary in Scotland, if upon Application made he shall fee sufficient cause, to admit such Person to Bail, he or she giving sufficient Security for his or her Appearance to answer the matters alledged against him or her.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to admit any Alien to Bail, who shall have been committed by virtue of this Act, such Justice being authorized so to do by Warrant of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary,

461

A.D. 1816* 56° GEO. III.'C. 86.

tary, for that Purpose, specifying the Security to be taken by such

Justice.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That where any in what case

Alien, who shall have been committed under this Act to remain until when Aliem he or she shall be taken in charge for the Purpose of being sent out h, ve hee" m of the Realm, shall not be sent out of the Realm witnin Two inl'0°

Calendar Months after such Commitment, it shall in every such case der tohe lent' be lawful for any of the Justices of His Majesty's Courts of Record out of the

at Westminster, or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Keahn, the

Britain or Ireland, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Court*, &c. may

Lord Justice Clerk, or any of the Commissioners of Jufliciary in

Scotland, or for any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in <jif«.lu*ge Yuch

any Part of the United Kingdom, upon Application made to him or Aliens.

them by or on the behalf of the Person so committed, and upon

Proof made to him or them that reasonabie Notice of the Intention

to make such Application had been given to some or one of His

Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in Great Britain, or to the

Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or

his or their Chief Secretary, according to his or their Discretion, to

order the Person so committed to be continued in or discharged out

of Custody.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That Aliens abiding in this Aliens having Kingdom, who have heretofore quitted their respective Countries by 4u'tted Fri"Se reason of any Revolution or Troubles in France, or in Countries ^"ca^ctUIIt ° conquered by the Arms of France, shall not be liable to be arrested, Troubles, not imprisoned or held to Bail, or to find any Caution for their forth* liable to be ar-coming, or paying any Debt, nor be taken in Execution on any retted for Debts Judgment, nor by any Caption, for or by reason of any Debt or con^a^ed ht-other Cause of Action contrafted or arising in any Parts beyond the

Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty, while such Aliens njons of Hb were not within the said Dominions of His Majesty; and in case Majesty. any such Aliens shall have been or shall be arrested, imprisoned or held to Bail, or taken in Execution on a Judgment, or by Caption, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Alien shall be discharged therefrom by Prder of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland\ or of any Judge of such Courts in Vacation time.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties by PenaldN how this Act imposed, exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, shall be re- r!J^td*IKl covered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any ofPPUeiL His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or

the Court of Great Session in Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, or by Action or summary Bill or Information in the Courts of Judiciary or Exchequer in iScotland, as the case shall require, wherein no Efloign, Privilege,

Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, shall, on Conviction of the Offender upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace of the County,

Riding, Stewartry, City, Town or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering to such Offender the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after dcducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and for want of

sufficient

56" GEO. III.

M:

recited Act to be Evidence to Grand Juries.

Assistant Barrister or Chairman at the Session*,c. empowered to put Landlords in Possession of Premises in Ar-Mar for Rent.

C.87, 88.

therein mentioned shall be Evidence to the Grand Jury upon ti preferred against the Person or Persons a gain ft. whom such i ation or Examination was given: Provided always, that the Ij ation or Examination of a Witness secreted shall not be Eridd the Grand Jury', unless it shall first be proved to the Grand J* Witnesses sworn, or other lawful Evidence, -that the Peri secreted has been secreted by the Person or Persons against vk Bill is preferred, or by some Person or Persons acting for kin 0 or in his or her Favour.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Reco of Tenements from absconding, overholding, and debs Tenants; and for the Protection of the Tenant from a Distress. [26th June 1 K

WHEREAS Landlords in Ireland are often Sufferer Tenants running away in Arrear, and deferring Teiw ' demised or agreed to be demised to them; and also by Tra 4 after the Expiration of their Terms or Interests, refuting to di*up the PofTeflioh of the Tenements demised or agreed ft 4 demised; and also by Tenants fufFering large Arrears of Kfll ' accrue during the Continuance of their Terms; in all vfcrid*the Landlords or Leflors are obliged to resort to an Ejedm the Recovery of Possession, the Expence of which in mydl*exceeds the Value of the Tenement: And Whereas it s jria 4 reasonable to provide a less expensive Mode for the Rcowt*the Possession of Tenements lo abandoned by Tenants, all 4 Tenements of small Value, when the same are held by Tea 4 against their Landlords, after the Determination of their Tens 4 Interests 5 and also in cases of the Tenants of Tenements of a 4 Value suffering Arrears of Rent to accrue during the Contiari 4 of their Terms: And Whereas Causes tried in the Way of 0 4 Bills before the Chairman of the Session of the Peace for 1 4 County of Dublin, and Recorder, of the City of Lublin fori 4 County of the City of Dublin, and the Afliuant Barristers of 1 4 other Counties in Ireland, are determined with more ExpeS 4 and less Expence than any Proceeding for the Redress of tie ft 4 aforesaid which the Law now allows the Landlord to take; sri 4 is expedient to extend the Jurisdiction of such Assistant Bamfc 4 and of the Chairman of the Session of the Peace in the Gw» 4 of Dublin, and of the Recorder in the County of the City 4 Dublin, to the said cases ; Be it therefore enacted by The Ka Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confrntofi Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Pi liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That fa & after the First Day of July next, if any Tenant holding any Teneao in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ who shall bej Arrear for One Half Year's Rent, shall desert the Tenement dfrciii to him, or leave the same uncultivated, or carry off the Stock ai Crop, or otherwise abandon the same, so as no sufficient Distress ej be hid to countervail the Arrears of Rent then doe for the same* 1 shall be lawful for the Landlord or Leflor of the Tenement i defeated or left unoccupied or uncultivated, to proceed by way

D.IM

b^geo.iii.

.88.

465

HBiWore the Recorder of the City of Dublin if the Tenement Uk> Ae County of the City of Dubltny or before the Chairman jgfrtfoB of the Peaee for the County of Dublin if the Tetie-fifcfl be io the said County, and before the Assistant Barrister of Mkr County if the Tenement shall be tn such County, to obtain pk of the Tenement so deserted or left unoccupied; and fcspoQ it dull and may be lawful for Two or more Justices of the fe of the County in which such Tenement shall be, having norft iB the demised Premises, at the Request of such LanSord Ufar, hit Bailiff or Receiver, to go upon and view the same, : wtn the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four the Click in the Afternoon, and having fhlly ascertained to their tfabttoi, by Examination of Witnesses or by their own View, atkPrenifcs are so deserted by the Tenant, or left so unoccu-d a aforesaid, and without fufficieat Diftrefa to countervail the non of Rent then due, to certify to the Affiftaat Barrister, t&naan of the Sessions of the Peace, or Recorder, before whom 4 Proceeding by Civil Bill shall be, under the Hand and Seals fad Justices, that they have together viewed the Premises in atm, fully deicribing the same, and that the same appeared to Osdefeted or unoccupied, and without any Distress thereon fqffi-at to countervail the Arrear of Rent ascertained by Affidavit of eDftllord or Leflor, his Bailiff or Receiver, to be due thereon, a all far and just Allowances; which Certificate, when proved fae been duly executed, shall be sufficient and conclusive Evince of the Faffs therein contained, u A left the same shall be dif-tmdby contrary Evidence, to the Satisfaction of the Judge before fan tkofeshall come, upon such Civil Bill as aforesaid, or Ap-ed finom fneb Civil Bill; and it shall and may be lawful for the' said JKDord, after obtaining from the said Justices the said Certificate, tierve a Process on such Civil BUI, together with a Copy of such rtficafe on the Tenant against whom such Proceeding shall be had kb Tenant can be found; and if not, to affix such Process, and Copy of such Certificate, upon some notorious Part of the.said Want, and also upon the Door of the Parish Church, if the same 8 be in Repair, and also upon the Door of the Roman Catholic any within the Parish, summoning the Tenant or Tents who may have so deserted the Premises personally to appear krffe Assistant Barrister, or before the Chairman of the Sessions the Peace, or the Recorder, as the case may be, on a Day certain, a Quarter Sessions to be held for the Division of the County in lich the Prei&iSes or any Part of them shall be, or at a Court to held before the Recorder, for the hearing and determining of v3 Bills in cases where the Premises shall be situate within the jutty of the City of Dublin to answer the said Bill of the said ndbrd or Lefior; and that it shall be lawful for the said Assistant srifter, Chairman of the Session of the Peace, or Recorder, as the k my be, upon such Civil Bill, and upon Proof of such Certifi. »by any Person who may have witnelied the Execution of the at, «d upon Proof that at least One Half Year's Rent was due o U Landlord or Leflor for the Premises when such Proceeding a* cmneneed; and that the Process on such Civil Bill, and a lopj of such Certificate were (erred as aforesaid, or that the Tenant sold not be found, so that the fiune could be (erred, and then upon 56GW.IIL Hh Proof

View by Justicea, -

Certificate.

Particulars

therein.

Landlord may serve Process on Civil Bill on Certificate obtained, Procels fixed on Church Door, See.

Proof of Certifi. cate.

Proceedings.

C.87, 88.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

therein mentioned shall be Evidence to the Grand Jury upon the Bill preferred against the Person or Persons against whom such Information or Examination was given: Provided always, that the Information or Examination of a Witness secreted shall not be Evidence to the Grand Jury, unless it shall first be proved to the Grand Jury by Witnesses sworn, or other lawful Evidence, -that the Person so secreted has been secreted by the Person or Persons against whom the Bill is preferred, or by some Person or Persons acting for him or her, or in his or her Favour.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, overholding, and defaulting Tenants; and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress. [26th June 1816.]

WHEREAS Landlords in Ireland are often Sufferers by Tenants running away in Arrear, and deserting Tenements 4 demised or agreed to be demised to them; and also by Tenants,after the Expiration of their Terms or Interests, refusing to deliver*up the PoffefBoh of the Tenements demised or agreed to be 4 demised; and also by Tenants suffering large Arrears of Rent to*accrue during the Continuance of their Terms; in all which cases*the Landlords or Leffors are obliged to resort to an Ejectment for the Recovery of Possession, the Expence of which in many cases 4 exceeds the Value of the Tenement: And Whereas it is just and 4 reasonable to provide a less expensive Mode for the Recovery of the Possession of Tenements so abandoned by Tenants, and of 4 Tenements of small Value, when the same are held by Tenants against their Landlords, after the Determination of their Terms or 4 Interests; and also in cases of the Tenants of Tenements of small 4 Value suffering Arrears of Rent to accrue during the Continuance 4 of their Terms: And Whereas Causes tried in the Way of Civil 4 Bills before the Chairman of the Session of the Peace for the 4 County of Dublin, and Recorder of the City of Dublin for the 4 County of the City of Dublin, and the Afliuant Barristers of the 4 other Counties in Ireland, are determined with more Expedition 4 and less Expence than any Proceeding for the Redress of the Evils 4 aforesaid which the Law now allows the Landlord to take; and it 4 is expedient to extend the Jurisdiction of such Assistant Barristers, and of the Chairman of the Session of the Peace in the County of Dublint and of the Recorder in the County of the City of 4 Dublin, to the said cases Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-Afliftant Barrif- liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and ter or Chairman after the First Day of July next, if any Tenant holding any Tenement at the Sessions, jn that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, who shall be in toporCndlwdj Arrear for One Half Year's Rent, shall desert the Tenement demised in Possession of to him, or leave the same uncultivated, or carry off the Stock and Premises in Ar- Crop, or otherwise abandon the same, so as no sufficient Distress may Mar for Rent, be hid to countervail the Arrears of Rent then due for the same, it shall be lawful for the Landlord or Lessor of the Tenement so deserted or left unoccupied or uncultivated, to proceed by way of

Civil

recited Act to be Evidence to Grand Juries.

W GEO. III.

C. 88,

4*7

nimble Consideration, in cases where the Deeds or Inrating such Interests shall have been duly registered, and Serve such Tenant and such other Per ion 8 as aforesaid on such Civil Bill, if such Service can be effected, and proved to the Satisfaction of the Judge before whom the ney that such Service cannot be etibded, or in case thereerfon in actual Possession of the Premises, to affix such s some notorious Part of the same Premises, and upon the Parish Church, if the*same shall be in Repair, and r Door of the Roman Catholic Chapel, if there (halt be arish, by which Proeefs all Persons claiming to have In-Premiles shall be required to appear before the said lifter. Chairman of the 8essions of the Peace, or Re-t case may be, on a Day certain, at a Quarter Sessions ion of the Connty in which the Premises, or any Part of e situate, or at a Court to be held before the Recorder pg or determining of Civil Bills, in cases where the Pre-e situate within the County of the City of DM\nt to

0] of the said Lessor or Landlord praying to be put into Teof; and it shall and may be lawful for the said AffifU, Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace, or Recorder, may be, upon such Civil Bill, and upon Proof of such Hetajd, or, in case of Impossibility or unreasonable Dtffi-rice (to be ascertained as hereinbefore provided Y upon i affixing of the said Proeefs, and that the Premises were r the Tenant at a Rate not exceeding Twenty Pounds md that a 8om equal to One full Year's Rent at such ae when such Proceeding by Civil Bill was commenced, land due, after all just Allowances to the Tenant, to id Lessor or Landlord to be put Into Possession of the i: And in case the Lessee or Lessees, has or their Ltfoe after Ex-Affignees, or other Person or Persons, claiming or deriv- ecution of De-1 Lease or Article by which the Premises shall be holden, crefc* m*y aP-e Deciec to be executed, putting the Leiibr or Land- P*1 theie from; session of the Premises, without paying the Rent and on, with full Coils, and without preferring a Civil Bill the Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Session of the corder, as the case may be, or filing any Bill or Bills Equity, within the time now limited by the Several Sta> egulate the Affcion of Ejectment for Non Payment of ion Execution executed, then and in such case the said flees, his or their Assignee or Assignees, and all other ing under the said Lease or Article, shall be barred and m all Relief or Remedy in Law or Equity, other than Appeal from the Decree of the Assistant Barrister, Chairman of ^lemons of the Peace, or Recorder, as the case may be; the said beal to be brought within the time now by Law limited for bring, of Appeals on Civil Bills: Provided always, that the Tenant or and may tender wr Perl cm haring Right under the Several Statutes which regulate R«nc »nd Costs, Aftkm of Ejectment for Non Payment of Rent, to redeem anye<Ieem tab, the Possession of which shall at any time hereafter be given e on'

1 toy Lessor or Landlord under the Provisions of this Act, for or r reason of Non Payment of Rent, may at anytime after Execution Suted, within which he or they are now by Law respectively en-

Hh 2

titled.

4W

If Delivery of Possession of Premises held by Tenant at left Rent than not. per Annum be withheld after legal Notice,

Assistant tender, &C' »ty decree Landlotd to be put in Possession.

How Landlord shall proceed in cases where a Year* Rent shall be due.

C.88.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1616,

Proof that such Process and a Copy of such Certificate bad been duly affixed upon the (ereral Places before mentioned} pursuant to this Ad} and upon hearing the Tenant* in case such Tenant shall appear* and fudi Evidence as shall be offered on behalf of such Tenant* if any shall be offered* and duly considering the same* to decree the said Landlord or Lessor to be put into Poffcilion of the Premises.

II. And be it further enacted* That in all cases where any Tenement shall hate been held by any Tenant at a less Rent than Twenty Pounds per Annum* and the Tenant's Interest in the same shall hate determined, and after Demand made by the Landlord or Lessor* his Bailiff or Receiver* a Delivery of Possession of the same shall be withheld* it shall and may be lawful for the said Landlord or Lessor to proceed by Civil Bill against such Tenant* and the said Tenant* and such other Person* if any* as shall be in the actual Possession of the Premises; and thereupon to serve such Tenant* and such other Persons as aforesaid* with Process on such Civil Bill* if such Service can be effected* and if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Judge before whom the case shall come* that such Service cannot be effected* or in case there be not any Person in aAual Possession of the Premises* to affix upon some notorious Part of the Premises* and upon the Door of the Parish Church* if the same shall be in Repair* and also upon the Door of the Roman Catholic Chapel* if any shall be in the Parish; by which Process aD Persons claiming to have any Interest in the Premises shall be reanired to appear before the AffifL ant Barrister* Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace* or Recorder* as the case may be* on a Day certain* at a Quarter Sessions for the Division of the County in which the Premises or any Part thereof shall be situate* or at a Court to be held before the Recorder for the hearing and determining of Civil Bills* in cases where the Premises are situate within the County of the City of Dublin, to answer the Bill of the said Landlord or Leflor praying to be put into Possession thereof $ and it shall and may be lawful for the mid Assistant Bar. rifter, Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace* or Recorder* as the case may be* upon such Civil Bill* and upon Proof of such Sendee as aforesaid* or* in case of Impossibility or unreasonable Difficulty of Service* to be ascertained in manner hereinbefore provided* or in case there shall be no Person in Possession of the Premises* upon Proof of affixing of the said Process as hereinbefore required* and that the Premiies had been held by the Tenant against whom such Proceeding shall be* at a Rate not exceeding Twenty Pounds per Annum, and that the Ir terest of the Tenant had determined* and that Notice to quit in cases where such Notice is by Law neexfiary had been duly Served, and the time for the Delivery of the Possession thereof expired, to decree the said Landlord or Leflor to be put into Possession at the Premises.

III. And be it further enacted* That in all cases where any Lands or Premises shall have been held by any Tenant at a lese Rent than Twenty Pounds per Annum, and that a foil Year's Rent shall be due thereout* whether the same or any Part thereof shall hare accrued due prior or subsequent to the paling of this Act* it shall and may be lawful for the Leflor or Landlord to proceed by CM Billagaiaft such Tenant* and aUo such Becfons* if any* as fhafi be in aftuaTFoffession of the said Premifefi add aUb against Person# having

469

LD.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 88*

roHwitfcCustody of the Clerk of the Peace of the County in niftkt fiili shall be filed.

.TO And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace Clwkof Peso?

jfcfc County shall enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose all* »<*

Enin the cases hereinbefore mentioned which shall be made at P°Wif., a

|Mons of the Peace for such County, and which Entries shall

fio^r the Nunes of the Plaintiffs and Defendants, and the Tenc- the Peacs, speci-

b recovered, as the same shall be specified in the Civil Bills con* fymg Names of

ag the fiane respectively; which Book every Person shall have Phintift

otytoiofpeft and examine, paying to the Clerk of the Peace for

AUpe&ion and Examination the Fee of One Shilling and Eight rLottri

net} and that the said Clerk of the Peace, immediately after the

hfcsf each Sessions of the Peace, shall post on the Door of the

hart House where such Sessions were held, a coned Lid of such

siie in which any Tenements shall have been recovered at such

e4ods nader this Act, which Lift shall specify the Parties* Names,

d tie Description of the Tenements, as set forth in the Civil Bill

put which the same shall have been recovered, upon pain of forfeit-

g for every such Omission the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to P«wky.

tttcwertd by Action of Debt by any Person fning for the same f

bonded always, that the said Clause, with respect to such enter-

igorpostar, shall be considered as dLre&ory to the Clerk of the

toct, and Uat the Omission to make such Entry or Poftbg shall

51 invalidate or in any ways affect any Decree or Recovery of the

afiefira of any Lands or Premises.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Defendant who shall Defendants on

link proper to appear on the Trial of fuen Civil Bill, in any of bearing of Civil d* cades hereinbefore mentioned, shall be entitled, on the Hearing 10

rffaA (H Bill, to every Defence which he may have either in Law m e encm* ar Equity, wdalfo shall nave all and every the lame Rights of Ap- Appeal.

Bader the same Restrictions, Conditions and Limitations as i other cases of Decrees on Civil Bills made by any Assistant hmirr, Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace or Recorder, as be ole may be: Provided however, that Execution shall not be Execution not hyed by reason of such Appeal, unlefe the Tenant shall deposit stayed. vidi the Clerk of the Peace the Amount of Rent proved to be due I haring of such Civil Bill.

X. And be it further enacted, That for the Execution of the bid Sheriff may keros, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff to grant his War- 8rant Warrant «t to a Special Bailiff, at the PlaintiiPs Nomination, in like man-

as for the Execution of any other Decrees of the hid Assistant Snifter, Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace or Recorder, as the ifc naj be j and that it shall and may be lawful for such Special kOif to whom such Warrant shall be granted, together with his Infants, to execute the same by delivering the Possession of thexh or Premises therein named to the Landlord to whom the dame^be decreed, or to any Person appointed by the hud Landlord ^receive the Possession on his behalf; and that neither the (laid She-ra, Dor the said Assistant Barrister, nor the Clerk of the Peace, nor y Person, shall demand, receive or have, for or on account

Proceedings, any greater or other Fees than such as are ftta. ftjtaized upon the Execution of Decrees on Civil Bills, by an Act

the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty (ixth year of the 36 0.3. (I) Hii prefect Majesty, intituled An Act for the better and H h S more

C.BSi

56^ GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Remedy ftr obtaining Arrears ef fleet.

Thirty Days' Notice where Procef* is dU reded to be served.

How Process shall be fixed in Extra Parochial Places.

What the Civil Bil shall specify,

tided* tender the Rent and Colls for the Purpose of redeeming the said Premises; and that in all cases where he or they would have been entitled under the existing Laws to be restored to the Possession of such Premises* under a Decree of a Court of Equity* if deprived of Possession by Ejectment for Non Payment of Rent* he and they may hereafter be restored to the same by a Decree of the Assistant Bar-rider* Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace* or the Recorder* as the case may be, on a Bill preferred for that Purpose* and due Proof made of their being respecturely entitled thereto $ any thing in this A 6t contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it farther enacted, That evezy Lessor or Landlord recovering Possession by such Decree as aforesaid* shall and may have the lame and like Remedy for all Arrears of Rent to the time of Execution of the said Decree* as such Lessor or Landlord might have had if Possession had been obtained under such Decree.

V. And be it further enacted* That in all cases where any Process upon any Civil Bill is by this Act directed to be served upon any Person or to be affixed upon Come notorious Part of the Prenufes in question* or on the Door of the Parish Church where the Dune ihan be in repair* or on the Door of the Roman Catholic Chapd a any Parish* the said Process shall be so served or affixed Thirty clear Days at the lead previous to the Day therein named for hearing and determining upon such Civil Bill.

VI. And be it further enacted* That if any Tenement or any Part of any Tenement for which any Proceeding by Civil Bill Hum be had under the Authority of this Adk* shall be in any Extra Parochial Place* and there shall be any Chapel or Place of Public Wor-Ihip in such Extra Parochial Place* all Process and Copies of Certificates before required to be fixed on the Door of a Parish Church or Roman Catholic Chapel in Places not Extra Parochial* shall be fixed on the Door of such Chapel or Place of Worship in such Extra Parochial Place; and if there shall be none such* then the Judge* before whom such Proceeding by Civil Bill shall be* shall diredk in what manner such Process or Copies shall be fixed in such Extra Parochial Place for the Purposes of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted* That in all cases in which such Proceeding by Civil Bill is authorized by this A dt, the Civil Bill shall fpecuy the Names of the Landlord or Lessor* and Tenant or Tenants celpedkively, the Nature of the Tenancy, the Description of the Premises* and the Baronies or Parishes wherein die same shall be respectively situated* and the Rent at which the same shall be then or had been lad holden $ and also in cases where the Proceeding shall be grounded on Desertion* the Fad of Desertion by the Tenant* and the Amount of Rent due after all fair and just Allowances* and the Insufficiency of Distress to countervail the same; and in cases where the Proceeding shall be grounded on the Tenancy having determined the Fadk of the Determination of such Tenancy* and the Means by which the same shall have been determined* and Refusal to deliver up Possession* and in cases where the Proceeding shall be grounded on Nonpayment of Rent* the Amount of the Kent due after all fair and just Allowances* and when doe; and the Truth of the Contents of the said Civil Bill shall be verified by the Affidavit of the Landlord or Lessor, his known Agent or Receiver* tip said Affidavit to

remain

56° GEO. III.

C.88.

471

t Wed RmdcU for tvtry such Offence, to be recovered in m 'idDebt by any Person suing for the same.

If. And Whercee by an Act pafle<i in the Parliament of /re- xs Ano. (I.) ithe Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen friotitoled An Act for tht more efitBual preventing of Fronds ltd h Tenmmts, it it provided, that do Proceeding! by virtue i Act for Breach of any Condition, shall prejudice the Right Tide of any Infant, Feme Covert, Person befog non compos |to, or being out of His Majesty's Dominions; and by an Act 1 is the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King 40. i.(L) e the First, to explain and amend the said former Ad, it u led, tint the said Act of the Fourth Year of KingGWg* the t flail not extend to defeat the Estate, Right or Title of In-> Femes Covert, or Persons of nonfane Memory and Act Bepafied in the Eighth Year of His said Majesty King George g O.x. (f.) sad in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His late 5 °* (t) King George the Second, for further explaining and5 °# (*)

r the foid former Acts: And Whereas such Provisions have 1 great Injustice to Landlords, in some Instances, by pre-j the Enforcement of the Payment of Rent justly due to »mi in othera by obliging them, after getting into Poffcffloa)and Premises by Ejedment for Non Payment of Rent,

; for Mefhe Profits for a great length of time ; 9 Be it 1 farther enacted, That the foia Provisions in the bid Acts so for as relate to faring the Right! of Infants,

1 Covert, Persons befog non compos mentis, or fofone, or out tiMakftvls Dominions, be and the same are hereby repealed* la pet rspcsbd Vi* ah Whereas by a Law passed so the Parliament of Great 'em, so the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Hia late Majesty no.a.c.19.

; Gaqe the Second, intituled An Afffor tie more effednalfi. f At Payment of Rents, and preventing Fronds by Tenonts,

\ anongst other things enacted, that it dull and may be lawful § t od for every Leflib* or Landlord, Letters or Landlords, or his,

|or their Steward, Bailiff, Receiver or other Person or Persons ! by him, her or them, to take and seize as a Distress 1 of Rent, all Sorts of Corn and Graft, Hops, Roots, j Polft or other Product whatsoever, which shall be growing i any Put of the Estates so demised or holden, as a Distress for Arran of Rent, and the some to make, cut, gather, cure, carry nd lav up when ripe, so the Barns or other proper Place on the Ptamlei so demised or holden; and so case there should be no Bum or proper Place on the Premises so demised or holden, then ifi any other Barn or proper Place which such Lessor or Landlord,

Lem«Landlords, (haul have or otherwise procure for that Pur-pefe, and as near as may be to the Premises, m convenient time to ippndfe, fell or otherwise difbofe of the same, towards Satisfaction n the Rent for which such Distress Rail have been taken, and of foe Charges of such Distress, Appraisement and Sale, so the same oner u other Goods and Chatteb may be seized, distrained and fepofod of; and the Appraisement thereof to he taken when cut, flfootd, cozed and made, and not before: And Whereas no such nwifioo existt in the Law of Inland, and it is reafenable that the Konhwof Landlords in InUmi flbould in this Respect be as t*» ceifive u they am in JSngbndf Be k tharefbre further cuacted,

H h ft That

470

C.88.

56° GEO. III.

AJX1816.

Attorney may make charge.

Where Tenement In question (ituate in Two Counties Proceedings to be m One of them, Ac.

Assistant Barrister to sign Two Copies of every Decree made in pur-fuatice of this Act*

more convenient AdmUUfiratiou of JitfRce % and for tie Recovery of Small Debts in a summary Way at the Sefifon* of tie Peace of tie jo-veral Countses at large within this Kingdom» except the County of Dublin; and so continuing and amending an Act> intituled 4 An Act 4 for the better Execution of the Law and Prefervatiou of the Peace 4 within Counties at large; faveonly that it (nail and may be lawful for any Attorney employed upon toe Trial of any Civil Bill which shall be tried under the Prorifious of this Act, relative to die Possession of Lands and Premises, to charge and take from the Party by whom he shall be employed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, in addition to the Sums which he is now by Law entitled to charge for his Attendance on the Hearing of any other Civil Bill) and that the lame shall be taxed against the unsuccessful Party in case he shall have appeared at the Tnal of such Civil Bill.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Te-nexnent touching which any Proceeding by Civil Bill shall be had hi pursuance of this Act, shall be (ituate in Two or more Counties, such Proceeding shall be in any one of such Counties; and the Sheriffs of the rtlpe&ive Counties in which any Part of such Tene* ment shall be, and in which such Proceeding shall not be had, dull execute such Decree as shall be made on such Civil Bill, upon Delivery to him of a Copy thereof (igned by the Judge who shall have made such Decree, with a Warrant for Execution thereupon signed by the Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Quarter Session, or Recorder, as the case may he, acting for the County in which fudi Decree shall be required to he executed.

XII. And be it farther enacted, That in all cases except where the Proceeding shall he grounded on Non Payment of Rent, An Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace, or Recorder* as the case may be, shall sign Two Copies of entry Decree which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and also a Memorial Memorial thereof, for the Purpose of Registry sn manner hereinafter mentioned, and that his affixing Ins Signature to one of the said Copies shall be witnefied by same Person present at the time of such Signature; and that it shall and may be lawful far the Landlord or Lessor, if he thinks proper, at any time between the Termination of the Affixes for the County then next tabling, and the Commencement of the Affixes thereafter next fallowing, to register One Copy of the fxid Decree in the Office for the Registry of Deeds and Wills in Ireland\ by lodging a Memorial and proving the Perfection of tie same in like manner as is now provided by Law for the regifbrkg of Deeds9and that from add after the Registry of the hid Decree, it shall haVe the further ECect of a Conveyance to the said Landlord or Lessor of atiy Interest which the Tenant, or any Person chanting under him, may or might have m and to the said Lands and Pranifes, freed And difa barged from sill Leases, Coutfacts, Mortgages, Debts, Charges or Incumbrances, which rile said Tenant, or any Person chaining under him, may have charged, made or created thereon.

No greater Fee XIII. And be it farther eaacted, That if any Person in the said to be demanded Office for the Registry of Deeds in ItfUnd shall demand Or take for Registry of any greater Fee, Gratuity or Sum of Money, for or cm occasion of Decree, than he the Registry of any of the said Decrial, than he to now by Law cn-Deed; titled to far the Registry of n Deeds ho shall forfeit dm 6um rf

One

A.D. 1816*

60° GEO. III.

C.68.

471

One hundred Pound* for every such Offence, to be recovered in an Action of Debt by any Person suing for the same.

XIV. And Whereat by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ire- xx Ann. (I.) land in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Assae, intituled An Act for the more effcBual preventing of Fronde committed by Tenants» it i* provided, that no Proceedings by virtue of such Act for Breach of any Condition, shall prejudice the Right or Title of any Infant, Feme Covert, Person being non compos mentis, or being out of His Majesty's Dominions and by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King 4 o. x. (1.) Georgt the First, to explain and amend the said former Ad, it is provided, that the said Act of the Fourth Year of King George the First Audi not extend to defeat the Estate, Right or Title of In* fonts, Femes Covert, or Persons of nonfane Memory s and Acts were passed in the Eighth Year of His said Majesty King George 8 0.1. (I) the First, and in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His lata 5 W Majesty King George the Second, for further explaining and5 °* (*)

amending the said former Acts: And Whereas such Provisions have produced great Injustice to Landlords, in some Instances, by preventing the Enforcement of the Payment of Rent justly due to them, and in others by obliging them, after getting into rofleffloa of Lands and Premises by Ejedment for Non Payment of Rent, to account for Melbe Profits for a great length of time Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Provisions in the said Act* of Parliament, so for as relate to faring the Right* of Infants,

Feme* Covert, Persons being 0011 compos mentis, or inline, or out of His Majesty's Dominions, be and toe same are hereby repealed, hi P*t rtpmtod 4 XV. And Whereas by a Law passed in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty is 0.s.c. 19. King George the Second, intituled An Act for tie more dfeBwal fk* curing tie Payment of Rente, and preventing Fraade by Tenants, it is amongst other things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful I t to and for every Lett* or Landlord, Letters or Landlords, or his, her or their Steward, Bailiff, Receiver or other Person or Persons empowered by him, her or them, to take and seize as a Distress for Arrears of Rent, all Sorts of Corn and Graft, Hops, Roots,

Fruits, Pulse or other Product whatsoever, which shall be growing on any Part of the Estate* so demised or holden, as a Distress for Arrears of Rent, and the same to make, cut, gather, cure, carry and lay up when ripe, in the Barns or other proper Place 00 the Premiles so demised or holden; and m case there should be no Bans or proper Place on the Premises so demised or holden, then in any other Barn or proper Place which such Lessor or Landlord,

Letter* or Landlords, shall have or otherwise procure for that Pur* pose, and as near as may be to the Premises, tn convenient time to apprsdfe, fell or otherwise dispose of the same, towards Sntiflfodson of the Rent for which such Distress shall have been taken, and of die Charges of such Distress, Appraisement and Sale, in the same manner as other Goods and Chatteb may be fetxcd, dHbamtd and disposed of; and the Appraisement thereof to be taken when cut, gmhered, cored and made, and not before: And Whereas no such rrovision exist* in the Law of Inland, and it is xnafonablr that die Remedies of Landlord* in Ireland should in this Respect be a* an* tensive a* they are in England}* Be k therefore further

Hh4

That

*72

C.88.

sg GEO. III.

A.D. 18I6

Landlords, kc. empowered to i'eiae Com, &e« for Arrears of Rent.

How Tenant shall proceed in cales of DiAreCs by the Head Landlord, where Rent shall have been paid to his immediate Landlord, and how and what Costs and Damages shall be recovered.

That from and after the First Day of July next, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Lessor or Landlord in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, or his, her or their Steward, Bailiff, Receiver or other Person or Persons empowered by him, her or them, to take and seize, as a Distress for Arrears of Rent, all Sorts of Com and Grass, Hops, Roots, Fruit, Pulse or other Product whatsoever, which shall be growing on any Part of the Estates so demised or holden, as a Distress for Arrears of Rent; and the same to cut, gather, make, cure, carry and lay up, when ripe, in the Bams or other proper Place on the Premises so demised or holden; and in case there shall be no Bara or proper Place on the Premises so demised or holden, then in any other Bairns or proper Place which such Lessor or Landlord, Letters or Landlords, shall hire or otherwise procure for that Purpose, and as near as may be to the Premises, and dispose of the same towards Satisfaction of the Rent for which such Distress shall have been taken, and of the Charges of such Distress and Sale, in the same manner as any other Goods and Chattels distrained for Non Payment of Rent.

XVI. And Whereas it is fit and just that Provi&m should be

made for securing the occupying Tenant as far as may be against

being called upon for Payment more than Once of the Rent referred

and made payable to his immediate Landlord or Lessor out of the c Land which he occupies, in consequence of fujperior Landlords dif-

training for the Rents due to them respectively / For Remedy thereof, T>e it enacted, That in all cases where the entire Rent due and payable from the occupying Tenant to his immediate Landlord or Landlords, Lessor or Leffors, shall have been paid, or in any manner satissted, if, in consequence of the Fraud, Madfeifance or Neglect of such Landlord or Landlords to pay and satisfy the Rent due and owing to any superior Landlord or Landlords, the Lands in the Hands of such occupying Tenant shall be distrained for any such Rent, then it shall be lawfid for such occupying Tenant to proceed against such his immediate Landlord (through whose Default or Neglect to make such Payments the Lands in the Possession of such occupying Tenant shall have been distrained), or such occupying Tenant shall have been compelled to pay any Sum of Money to any such superior Landlord, to avoid a Distress for Rent due to such superior Landlord, to recover the Amount of Costs and Damages by him sustained thereby, by Civil Bill before the Recorder of the City of Dublin, if the Lands shall be in the County of the said City, or the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin, if the Lands shall be in the said County, or before the Assistant Barrister, at the Quarter Sessions of any other County, where such Lauds shall be, in all cases where the same shall not exceed Fifty Pounds; and that the Amount of such Chfts and Damages, when ascertained by the Decree of such Recorder, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions or Assistant Barrister, as the case may he, and the Amount of any Costs and Damages which may be aicertained by the Judgment of any superior Court, upon any Action which may be brought for that Purpose, may be tendered by the occupying Tenant, or his or their Representatives, in Payment of so mucn of the subsequently growing and accruing Rent as shall thereafter become due and payable* to such his immediate Landlord, and shall be accepted by such Landlord m Payment of the same, or shall be recovered by Process

of

1816. 56° GEO. III. C. 88, 89. 473

xeemka as the said occupying Tenant so aggrieved shall deem

>VU» And be it further enacted, That if on such Trial by Civil If CompUioont iMe the Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Sessions of the prove P»a» of tot Recorder, as the case may be, the Complainant shall prove Mb of Payment of Rent by Distress or otherwise to his imme- tr^J£ £ Landlord, and of the subsequent Seizure of hi* Goods or wife be may lewder Difbefs by a superior Landlord, or his being compelled cover Dam^es. any Sum of Money in or towards Satisfaction of Kent due to iperior Landlord to avoid any such Diftrefr, he shall be entitled over in Damages, and shall so recover upon such Proof made of seb hereinbefore mentioned, without any other or further Proof image foftained. Ten Pounds in the Hundred of the Rent re-i and distrained for, in addition to the whole Sum he shall have uder such Distress to the superior Landlord, but shall not be ided from entering upon Proof of other more aggravated or I Damage sustained, if he shall prefer such Mode of Proceeding ecovery of due and adequate Compensation on such Account, fill- Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Assistant Bar-meat within the Provisions of this A & shall be (ituate in the rlfter, fcc. to e or in Part within the County of any City or Town which is a h*^e Jurisdidwa bounty of the City of Dublin, the hut Barnfter of the County at large, having Jurisdiction for County of itfclt Porposes within such County of a City or Town, and the»of the Peace for such County at large, shall have the same dtdkm and exercise the same Powers, with respect to such Tene-as if the same had been (ituate in the County at large, any thing is &&, <* »y Law or Usage to the contrary not withflan ding.

CAP. LXXXIX.

4# to provide for the Charge of certain Additions to the ublic Debt of Ireland, for the Service of the Year One loufond eight hundred and sixteen. [26th June 1816.]

IT HERE AS the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great rV Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, have resolved if a Sum of Capital Stock, equal to the total Capital of the blic Debt of Ireland, funded in Ireland in Perpetual Redeem-e Annuities existing on the Twenty fifth Day of March One u(and seven hundred and ninety (even, hath been satisfied and charged; and that so much of the Capital Stock purchased by 1 placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction the National Debt of Ireland, and (landing in their Names in .* Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland,

Parliament by any Act or Act to be passed for that Purpose >uld or might direst, should be cancelled, and in order to make ovifioa for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public d* of Ireland by way of Loan, or in any other manner, for the ervice of the present or any future Year s And Whereas by an 56 g. 3.x. 42. t&made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act 6r r*sing the Sum of One million seven hundred thousand Pounds India Currency by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for be Tear Owe thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Lord High 'rcafurtr or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland re empowered to issue Treasury Bills to an Amount not exceeding

*7*

C.69,

56'GEO.III.

M

xt % S Five per Cent. Con-foil.

394, 500!. Four per Cent. Reduced; end>*3ii9z41-3L 10*. per Cent. Annuities, in the Names of Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt, cancelled, and the Money formerly applicable to Dividends to become a Part of Consolidated Fund.

Militia when called out for

4 ing in the whole the Sum of One miUion Ira bandied I

Pounds British Currency, bearing an Interest not esced 4 Rate of Five Pounds per Cent. per Annum: And Whfl

Commons of the said United Kingdom in Parliament d 4 have resolved, that towards raising the Supply granted

Majesty, the Sum of One million two hundred thouluft

Irish Currency should be raised by Treasury Bills for tbj 4 of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred 1

4 And Whereas the Charge of the said several Stuns wit 4 the Sum of One hundred and eighty- two thousand fall 4 Pounds: And Whereaa it is expedient to make 4 such Charge in manner by this Act herein before it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, I with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual nd Ten and Commons, in this present Parliament afTemlM*d b Authority of the same. That from and after the Twenty Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fatten, tat of One million eight hundred and fifty two thoabod ud ft two Pounds, Five rounds per Cent. Consolidated Anaahies, bl in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of ft in the Names of the Commissioners for the Redu&on of tir Ml Debt in Ireland, shall be cancelled; and that from ud*Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight sixteen, the Sum of Two hundred and ninety four hundred Pounds, Four Pounds per Cent. Reduced J the Sum of Two million two hundred and thirty one hundred and fourteen Pounds, Three Pounds Ten Shtilifigtyvl Annuities, (landing in the said Books of the Goreraor s' pany in the Names of the said Commissioners, shall in Kkc be cancelled, and the said several Sums are hereby declared cancelled from the said Days respectively; and that fra aft the said Days respe£ttvely the Interest or Dividends which a have been payable respeckively upon the said several Sums fcj celled shall cease to be iiTued from the Receipt of the EicH of Ireland, or to be charged upon the Consolidated Fund of] land, and the Money which Would have been applicable to tfcel ment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Proftl the Consolidated Fund of Ireland for the Purpafeofdefapil Charge occasioned by any Addition made or to be nude to m lie Debt of Ireland in the present Year.

CAP. XC.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Cloathing andftj tingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia inGrrrfAj tain, and of the Miners of Cormuall and granting Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern OW Adjutant*, Surgeons9 Mates and Serjeant Majors of until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand of hundred and seventeen. [adth J* M

[This AB, except as to Dates and the SeSim that ett rttnd is the same as 55 G. 3. e. 165.]

IV. AND be it further enacted, That the Officers missioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Reg*1,

13

II81&

5* GEO. III,

C. 90,

47*

r Periods diring which they Audi be called oat of annual Excrdfe or Training, be entitled to the bi Allowances as the Officers, Non Conmissioned Offi-Iwas and Private Men of the Militia when embodied, pad Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to cer-i of the said Militia Forces of Great Britain while dif-oder certain Regulations s' Be it further enacted, That j Allowances dull be made and paid, to the Amount, Rdbidkmi, and in the manner hereinafter expressed, to Officer and Surgeon's Mate who held or shall hold a i in the Militia of Great Britain, and was or shall be serving i the Corps was or shall be dHembodied; that is to lay,

I lieutenant, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem: m Easign, Two Shillings per Diem :

I to a Surgeon's Mate, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem: (always, that all Officers of the Militia serving with the Rank ib-Lieutenant, shall be deemed to be Lieutenants, and all faring with the Rank of Second Lieutenant shall be deemed as for the Purposes of this Act: And provided always, ranees shall not be received for the Days during which.Battalion or Corps, to which such Officers belong, is lor Training and Exercise.

And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Mates of the Militia who shall claim under the Authority Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous the lame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto,

___ye an Oath before some One of His Majesty's

of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words or to the tattooing; (videlicet)

\ B. do /wear, That I belonged to the of Militia when the some was disembodied, and that I have con* ta Herne thereto from that time until the Day

iadofive, as a Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon's (at the case map be, ) and that 1 was not in my own Right Right of my Wife.during the said Period in the actual Pof-ud Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Tenements or Hereditaments of such an annual Value Reprises, as would qualify me to hold a Commission of iptain of a Company a the Militia; that I have not during e above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant, Surgeon, lyraafter or Quartermaster, in any Regiment, Battalion or of Mflatia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any

kid Period any C

Half Pay as & help me GOD.' ich Oath so taken and subscribed (halt be produced to the Pay* hr of the Regiment of Militia by the Subaltern Officer or rgewt's Mate churning the Allowance.

VIIL And be it further enacted, That etery Subaltern Officer I Surgeon's Mate of the Militia who shall be entitled or claim to entitled to the Benefits of tins Act, shall regularly attend the uaJ Exereik and Training of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps winch bt belongs, .during At whole of the Time by Law routed for that Purpose, and shall during the said Time punduaHy

xps

rrtoo for me hold or enjoy during the kid Period any Office Income whatsoever from the Public, except my

Trsiatiif or Exerrift entitled to Pay.

Allowances to Subalterns and Surgeons'Mates*

Oath to be taken to entitle to such Allowances.

Form of Oath.

Subalterns and Surgeons' Mate s to attend annual Exercise, &c.

*7«

C. 90.

56° GEO. III.

AH

Commanding Officer may grant Leave of Absence.

Reason and Duration of Absence specified.

If Regiment not called out before Day fixed for the Half Yearly Payment, Allowance to be paid on taking Oath before a J office, without Certificate of Attendance.

Pay mailers to pay Allowances on »4th December and 24th June.

do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Surgea of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, on pain of fotfdtsg Allowance as well as the Rest of his Pay, and every Pbit which may be due for the current Year in which be fha&a refiife to attend, and Certificates of his having so attended l formed his Duty signed by the Commanding Officer of ti ment, Battalion or Corps to which he may belong, shall be f by the said Commanding Officer to the Paymaster of the Aq Battalion or Corps of Militia to which the Officer shall bdoy vided always, that in case any such Subaltern Officer aril Mate claiming to be entitled to such Allowance shall bvtt manding Officer be permitted or fuffiered for any (pedal Cl unavoidable Necessity to be absent during the whole or anrl such annual Exercise, for which Purpose it shall be lawful ft Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, then such case it shall be lawful for such Subaltern Officer or Surj Mate who may be so permitted to be absent and have such Lei Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowance and even thereof^ in like manner a9 if he had attended during the wfl the said annual Exercise: Provided always, that the Raft such Absence as well as the Duration thereof shall be careful truly specified in Certificates (in lieu of those before mentiod be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be furni&dn as conveniently may be to the Paymaster of the Regime* M or Corps, wherein such Subaltern or Surgeon's Mate MkM

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a oft Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia after the Skim thereof, and before the respective Days hereinafter fixed forth] Yearly Payment of the said Alldwances, shall not be calledfll the annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subilten (1 and Surgeon's Mate belonging to any such Regiment, Batoh Corps, and coming within the Description of this Act, vb have taken and subscribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned fc any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to tk Allowance as if such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate kl gularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of foci I ment, Battalion or Corps during the whole of the time by appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Altai signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battabf Corps had been furnished to the Paymaster of the Regiment,

X. And be it further enacted, That upon such Oaths and Oi

ficates as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not Ji been called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon tk ft Oaths being produced to the respective Paymastero, it shall beta ful for such Paymasters and they are hereby authorized and mp* to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mat* and ing to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant, Eo£si of Sts geon's Mate, the Allowance above mentioned for Six Montis9other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of Decfnbvt and the other proper Proportion of the same on the Twenty W Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, witbri any Deduction whatsoever; the Oaths and Certificates before tioned to be by them preserved and produced among the VoocW for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance d this Act, A

XIII. Pit-

Cl SI 6.

56° GEO. III.

C.90.

477

Bonded always, and be it farther enacted, That any Per-Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to as having served in any of His Majesty's Foroes, or «, and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he empowered, to receive and take the Pay and Allow-fthb Act dircded to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Ensigns Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Sur-Surgeons* Mates, when assembled for annual Training,

I receiving and taking any such Pay and Allowances by any 1 " 1 Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter-wgeon or Surgeon's Mate, shall not prevent such Person FTay or being entitled to any such Allowance from receiving or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the j Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby em*

I to administer the same.

J?. do swear, I had not between the i the any Place or Employment

Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allow-t of Half Pay as a Reduced frlfcpfty's Navy, [or in the Marines, or in fate Regiment of ], or Allowance as

late Troop of Horse Guards, or [ Regiment of Horse reduced], save and ex-*7*7 or Allowance as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieu-Ensign, Adjutant, Paymaster, Quarter Master, Surgeon rgeoofc Mate, [at the case may be'] for serving in the cl the County of the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such i to move his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking infer Oath, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary not with-tog.

TV. Provided always, and be it Further enacted. That no Adju-f Qaartermaster, Non Coxnmissioned Officer, Drummer or Pri-i Man in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea has or Allowance, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same ion of hia serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia, ailemblrd for Training, nor shall any Subaltern or Surgeon's r forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea Pension Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance of Two lings and Sixpence or Two Shillings a Day granted by this t to Subalterns or Surgeons' Mates when disembodied.

CV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the geon of each Regiment of Regular Militia, when disembodied, urn of Money m addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One inea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the pence of necessary Medicines, for the Sick Non Commissioned leers. Drummers and Private Men of such Regiment during the nod or Periods of Assembly for annual Exercise or Training; d ilfo an Allowance of Sixpence per Month for each of the Non owniffioned Officers and Drummers of each Regiment on constant it at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines d Attendance given to the said Non Commissioned Officers and men wiuk such Regiment is not called out for annual Training i Erode.

Perfotu on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance at ha? tng far red in

tha Army or Navy, empowered, if serving in Militia, to receive Pay and Allowances, on taking the following Oath.

Adjutants, % c. Non Commissioned Officers or Privates, not to lose their Right to Chelsea Pen. fioos, See.

Allowance to Surgeons for Medicines in addition to Pay.

XVIII. And

56* GKO. I1L

Reduced Adjutant to receive 4>- per Day, till March 24, 1817.

39 Sc 40 G.3. c. 44* granting Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, revived from March 15, 1816, and coutinued till March 25, 18x7.

Allowance to Adjutants to be 4s. per Diem.

a8D.3.c .6.

C. 90, 91. 56* GEO. I1L i

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in ttfc any Battalion or Corps of Militia shall have already coded mined, or been reduced in its Establishmrnt, or dull ce termine, or be reduced in its Establiflunent during the 0 of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall t such Person as has actually fenred as Adjutant to such Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty fifth Day of Merck (and eight hundred and sixteen, or from the time such shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishu case may be, to the Twenty fourth Day of Monk Ok eight hundred and seventeen: Provided always, thit no f be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military 1 Majesty, but no such Reduced Adjutant shall iofie any High have to Half Pay, by reason of receiving such Allowaoi aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as-fuch Allowance.

XIX. And Whereas it is expedient, that an Act Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of Hi Majesty, intituled An Act for grantings until tie Tmetij of March One thousand eight hundred and one, certain A to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of Militia, dtfenbo&d AS of this Sejfton of Parliament, intituled 1 An Act for 1 Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number \ from the Militia, under certain ReftriSions ; which ha I and continued by several subsecjuent Acts until the Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, again revived and further continued, so far as the same Adjutants and Serjeant Majors; 1 Be it therefore enacted, said recited Act, and the Allowances therein granted and Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, and all the Prortfioni thereto, shall be revived from the said Twenty fifth Day One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and be further until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoidand eight and seventeen, (o far as the same relates to Adjutants and Majors: Provided always, that the Allowance to each Adj embodied as aforesaid shall, from the said Twenty fifth Day One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, be issued by the Rl General of Counties at the augmented Rate of Four SI "* Diem.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to regulate the Trade of the Colonies of. Bcrkice and EJfeqmbo; to allow the Importation id Exportation from, such Colonies, of certain Artid Dutch Proprietors of the European Dominions ofj Majesty the King of the Netherlands; and to meal i of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for mitting a Trade between the United Provinces and < Colonies in His Majesty's Possession. [26th June ll r WHEREAS an Act was passed in tht TwentyqjM] 1 YV of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled A* 4m 1 regulating the Trade between the SubjeQs of Hit Mqifj* Cm

vm<*

56° GEO. III.

C. 81

470

r a« North America and in the West India (/lands,

' belonging to the United States of America, and r Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign (/lands in tie i: And Whereas it is expedient that the Colonies of, Berbice and EJfequibo, situated in the Province of Guiana I America, should be placed upon the same footing, in relation jfcrinns of Trade, as the British West India I (lands j' Be it _j ended by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and ^Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, — om, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-|cf the same, That from and after the passing of this Act all 1l % Privileges and Advantages, and all the Rules, Regiila-i Rsftridkms, Penalties and Forfeitures, in the said recited imed and provided, with respect to His Britannic Majesty's and Plantations in North America and in the West India and the Countries belonging to the United States of Amc- jmd between His Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Island* Wef Indue, shall extend and apply, and be in lull Force as to the hud Colonies of Demerara, Berbice and EJfe-I as fifty and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the ICR noaded in and separately and severally repeated in this I to da laid Colonies ok Demerara, Berbice and EJfequibo i any if Acts of Parliament, or Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary TlSt mtwithstandin g.

And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of I print Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for increqfing the 1 mRtmamd other Spirits, imported into Newfoundland from Pilaw/ and Plantations on the Continent of America,^7 a Duty on Spirits imported into Newfoundland from rs Colonies in the West Indies, a Duty of Sixpence I on every Gallon of Rum or other Spirits imported life £ud Island of Newfoundland from any British Colony or nation in the Wft Indies t And Whereas it is expedient that imported into the said Island from the aforesaid Colonies of i Demerara and EJfequibo, should be placed on the (amt j as Rum imported^ from the other British ColoniesBe it i enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act there t raised, levied, collected and paid, upon every Gallon of Rum 1 into the said Island of Newfoundland from the aforefud \ of Berbice, Demerara and EfteqMo, the Sum of Sixpence rvery Galion, and no more; fuefai Duties to be filed for, reco-d and applied in the like manner and under the like Penalties Forfeitures as are provided by the aforesaid recited Act.

III. And Whereas a Convention of Commerce and Navigation s been concluded between His Britannic Majesty and His Majesty e King of the Netherlands: And Whereas it is expedient to give Sed to such Parts of the said Convention as require the San&on: Parliament f Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the lag of this Act it Audi be lawful for any of the Subjects of i fid Majesty the King of the Netherlands, being Dutch Proprie-smfach Colonsrs, to Import from the Netherlands into the Colo-i of Demerara, Berbice and Efteqmbo, in the Province of Guiana Send America, all the usual Articles of Supply for their Estates he tii ColonicSy such Articles being necessary and xequiflte as

Supplies

Regulation* of North American Colonies, to extend to Derne-rars, Sc.

5SO.J. C.IG0.

Rum imported into Newfoundland from Demerara, &c. to pay 6d. per Gallon.

Subjeff a of the Netherlands may import into Demerara, kc. the usual Articles of Supply, but not for Trade.

48a

C.91

se° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Wine to pay a Duty of i os. per Too.

Dutch Proprietors to export Produce of their Estatea.

Who are to be considered as Dutch Proprietors.

Proviso as to Dutch and British Subjects.

Importation and Exportation to be in Ships belonging to Subjects of the Netherlands, See,

Supplies for the Cultivation of the Estates, or the Clothing, Maintenance and Comfort of the Residents thereon, and not to exceed what may be deemed necessary for the Supply of the particular Estates for which they are to be imported, and to be actually applied to the Purposes of such Supply, and not for Trade; and in case of Seizure by any Officer of the Customs of any Importations of such Articles, on the ground of their being imported in the Way or for the Purposes of Trade, and not as Supplies, the Proof that such Articles are Supplies, and imported under the Conditions of the Convention, shall lie on the Dutch Proprietor importing the same; and in case of such Proof being made and given, in consequence of any Dispute arising thereupon before the Collector or Principal Officer of the Customs, who is hereby empowered to administer an Oath or take Affidavit for the Purposes of any such Examination and Proof under this Act, the Goods shall be admitted to Entry: Provided always, that the Importer, before such Entry shall be allowed, shall enter into Bond, with Two Sureties} in a sufficient Sum, to abide the Decision of the Board of Customs in England» upon such Seizure: Provided also, that Wine, as a Medicine and neceffarj' Article of Supply, may be so imported to such a limited Extent as may-be neceifary for the Purposes of such Supply as a Medicine, and shall be liable to the Duty of Ten Shillings per Ton, and no more.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any of the Subjects of His Majestjr The King of the Netherlands, being Dutch Proprietors in such Colonies, to export from the said Colonies of Demerara, Berbice and EJfequtbo, to the Netherlands, the Produce of their Estates.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Subjects of His Majesty The King of the Netherlands, resident in His laid Majesty's European Dominions, who were at the Date of the Signature of the said Convention Proprietors of Estates in the said Colonies, and all Subjects of His said Majesty who may hereafter become possessed of Estates then belonging to Dutch Proprietors therein, and all such Proprietors as being then resident in the said Colonies, and being Natives of His Majesty's Dominions in the Netherlands, may have declared within Three Months after the Publication of the aforesaid Convention in the said Colonies, that they wish to continue to be considered as such; and all Subjects of His said Majesty The King of the Netherlands, who may be the Holders of Mortgages of Estates in the said Colonies, made prior to the Date of the Convention, and who may under their Mortgage Deeds have the Right of exporting from the said Colonies to the Netherlands the Produce of such Estates, shall be deemed Dutch Proprietors under the Provisions of this Act; provided that where both Dutch and Brtttfh Subjects have Mortgages upon the same Property in the said Colonies, the Produce to be consigned to the different Mortgagees shall be in proportion to the Amount of the Debts respectively due to them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all such Importation from the Netherlands into the said Colonies for the Supply of Estates therein as afore said, and Exportation of the Produce of such Estates to the Netherlands, may be carried on in any Ships being the Property of Subjects of His Majesty The King of the Netherlands, wherever built, and without any Rcftridioa or Limitation as to the

Mariners

D. IMS.

SB* GEO. III.

C.91.

46f

the same for the Space of Five Year*, com*

[ the first Day of January Uft: Provided always* that r«f every such Snip shall produce to the proper Officer of tf* Customs in the said Colonies respectively* (mtisfadory Me hid VeffePs being owned by a Subject of His Majesty; of the Netherlands: Provided also* that His laid Majesty Proviso for Or*

___r of the Netherlands may at any time before the Expiration dm of the King

tied Five Years* if he should think proper* order and direct oftheNether-bch Trade shall be carried on only in such Strips as are Dutch u t lad whereof the Master and Three Fourths of the Crew are the [Aft of His said Majesty: And provided always* that after the jukn of the said Fire Years no such Trade shall be carried on*

t in Vessels Dutch built* and whereof the Master and Three fhs of the Crew are Subjects of His said Majesty.

HL And be it further enacted* That all such Importations and Duties the same Mutations shall be subject to the same Duties as are payable by»Pfy*hle by i Majesty* Subjects on Importations and Exportations oi the like ^j^* Sets, and (half be subject to the same Rules* Regulations and bifikos for the due landing of any such Produce as aforesaid in ! VetbcrUnds* as are provided by any Ad now in force for the fegtf the like Articles in Great Britaint so far as the same are — shenode applicable.

FUL Provided always* and be it further enacted* That it shall not Pcribnt entitled karfoi for any Person or Persons who by virtue of this Act may to trade be-eadtied to trade between the said Colonies and the Dominions of ittajesty The King of the Netherlands*to export the Produce of: before mentioned Estates within the said Colonies of Demerara> JoUiis

ftpfc and Eerhicef to any Part of the United Kingdom* or to Country* &c. if other of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe.

IX. And Whereas immediately after the signing of the aforesaid Choicndoii* certain Vessels may have left the Netherlands* and the OScere of His Majesty's Customs in the aforefirid Colonies* on bos£ apprized of the aforesaid Convention* may have* by the Au*

Aonty or Order of the Governor or otherwise* been induced to ad

r\fuch Convention upon the Emergency of the Occasion as if (use had been confirmed by Law$ and it is expedient that all Asportations and Admissions to Entry allowed under the Articles i the said Convention shall be confirmed and rendered validBe therefore enacted* That all Importations and Admissions to Entry* imputation* unmade in pursuance or in consequence of any of the Articles of the der the Conven-1 Convention* shall be and are hereby declared to be lawful* and as tion to be deem-xi, valid and effectual as if the same had been made in pursuance lawful any Act or Acts of Parliament* or this Act; and au Persons Kerned therein shall be and are hereby indemnified in respect I

I And be it further enacted* That from and after the passing 54 o. 3. c.71.* 1 Ad, an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign raptaltd. present Majesty* intituled An Act for permitting a Trade 1 the United Provinces and certain Colonies now in His ft PoJJkJfion> shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

46 Geo. Ill

Ii

CAP.

482

C.92,

56° GEO. III.

A.D.

Secretaries of State authorised to liceni'e Persons to export Machinery for erecting a Mint in the United States*

Officers of the Customs to take Entries.

Secretaries of State to authorise PerJbns to engage Artificers,

CAP. XCIL An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exporta

the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the

States of America. [a6th Junt

WHEREAS the Government of the United States ofi are desirous of erecting and establiftiing a Mint, and 4 curing and exporting the Machinery necessary for that P« from this Kingdom: And Whereas Doubts may arise, wbd*Person in this Kingdom can execute the same without being1 4 to certain Penalties and Forfeitures Be it therefore ear The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adii Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of th That it [hall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal taries of State, by Writing or Warrant under his Hand anc under such Restrictions and Conditions, and in such manner; Majesty shall think proper, to license and authorize all and Person and Persons whom the President of the said United I or any Person authorized by him for that Purpose, shall thud employ for such Purposes, to have in his or their Power, Cufo Poffemon with Intent to export, and to collect, obtain, make, i for or cause or procure to be made, with Intent to export a export and to do or cause to be done, all or any Acts men or for or towards the exporting, or which shall be necefeyto him or them to make, obtain, have or procure for exported enable him or them to export any Machinery, Tools, UttSfc* plements or other things, of what Nature soever, or any Parade or any Models or Plans, or Parts thereof, for the effectuallyoal such Persons as aforesaid to ered and establish, or cause to beer and established, such Mint as aforesaid, and all Acts, matters things, which [hall be done in purfance of and according to Licence and Authority, shall be and be deemed and taken to be ful, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it [hall be lawful fa Officers of His Majesty's Customs, and they are hereby require take Entries, and sign Cocquets, Warrants and Sufferances, and1 or cause to be done all Acts necessary for the entering out* shipping or exporting such Machinery, Tools, Utensils, Implca Models, Plans and things as aforesaid, or any Parts thereof rdj ively, and that the same or the Packages thereof, or the Gi packed therewith, [hall not be liable to Seizure by such Office others; and also that it shall be lawful for all Captains and Malle Ships, Vessels, Lighters or Bo4ts, to take the same on board tk for the Purpose of exporting the same, and in their said Sh Vessels, Lighters and Boats, to export the same, as fully i effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as any other Goods Merchandize may now by Law be exported.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fori of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by such Wnficj Warrant as aforesaid, to license and authorize any Person or Pert whom he shall name for that Purpose, to encourage, persuade, cs trad and agree with such Artificers and Workmen, and others

56' GEO. III

C. 92, 93*

483

evU Pterion or Persons shall think it necessary to employ for telteqdeoferecting and establishing such Mint as aforesaid, or fe relative thereto, to go out of this Kingdom for any and all Acts done by such Person and Persons, and, Artificers and others in conformity to such Licence y, shall be deemed and taken to be lawful A As, any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

9m And for the better enabling any such Person or Persons Intake and execute such Work as aforesaid, ' Be it further That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's said Prin-rctaries of State, by such Writing or Warrant as aforesaid, and authorize any Person or Persons to do, or cause to Mme, any other matter, Act or thing not herein specified, which d appear necessary or expedient to such Secretary to license or prise far the enabling such Person or Persons or the Persons Ebjred by him or them, to execute such Work as aforesaid, and rA£Ut matters and things done in conformity to such Licence Authority, shall be and be deemed and taken to be lawful, any or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and in case any ftioa fiiafl arise, whether any Ad, matter or thing, done or pro-to be done by any such Person relative to such Work as afore-"4 kwh been done, or procured to be done, in conformity to any A Lance or Authority as aforesaid, or according to the Intent f Meaning thereof, it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's nopal Secretaries of State, upon Application made by any such ion or on his behalf, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to dare whether the same hath been done in conformity thereto, or oorffiag to (nch Intent and Meaning; and the Declaration of His (Hefty's find Secretary so made that the same hath been so done, act he final and conclusive Evidence that the same hath been so toe, and dull be received in all cases as such final and conclusive ndtnce.

and to do every thing necefary to execute the Work.

Declaration of Secretary of State that every thing has been done in conformity to Licence, Evidence thereof

cap. xcur.

d Act for enabling the Officers of the Customs at Creeks,

Barbours and Basins of Great Britain, to take Entries of Ships and Goods arriving from and bound to Ireland

[26th June 1816.]

HEREAS it is expedient that the Officers of His Majesty's Customs at Creeks, Harbours and Basins of Great Bitain, tould be authorized to take the Entries of Goods imported in hips or Vessels arriving from Ireland, or intended to be laden on sard Ships or Vessels bound to Ireland, so far as respects such 'reduce of the United Kingdom as is permitted by Law to pass om one Country to the other without Payment of Duty; ' Be berefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and h the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

& Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the othority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners nnmif&oners of His Majesty's Customs in England for the time the Custoroe ing, or any Four or more of them, or for the Commissioners of His "thorn* ijrftfiCustoms in Scotland, or any Three or more of them, when, oiticersat t and so long as they may deem it proper, to authorize the Principal Creeks and Her.

I i 2 Coast hours, to take

4M

C.93, 94.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.

Entries of certain Goods.

Documents as valid as if taken at Custom House.

55 G.3.e. 66. It.

Crushed Rock Salt may be delivered to Makers of Oxgyen. ated Muriatic Acid for Bleaching under the Regulations prescribed by recited Act

Coast Officer or Comptroller, or other Principal Officer Cuiloma it any Creek, Harbour or Basin of Greet Brit take the Entries of Goods imported in any Ship or Vdfc Ireland9 or intended to be laden on board any Ship or Vefid to Ireland, so far as respects such Produce of the United Ka as is permitted to pass from one Country to the other s Payment of Duty.

II. And it is hereby further enacted. That every Docunri and Deed, in respect thereof, taken by and in the Prefaced Officers, shall be deemed and taken to be as valid and effeSal Intents and Purposes, and subject and liable to ail Rda, gulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as if takes I Custom House by and in the Presence of the Colledoi Comptroller of the Customs at the Port to which such C Harbours and Bafms belong; any thing contained in any /. Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to allow Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Ac take crushed Rock Salt, Duty free, for making such At Oxymuriate of Lime, for bleaching Linen and Cotton.

[26th Jeer li

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Yard Reign of His present Majesty, for (amongst akrdijj allowing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to & S Duty tree, for making tuch Acid or Oxymuriate ofljnej bleaching Linen and Cotton} any Maker or Makers of Oijfn Muriatic Add, or Oxymuriate of Lime, in Great Brink receive and have delivered to him, her or them, fromiodJ any Warehouse belonging and adjoining to any Salt Mie, Pit, or Salt Work, or Salt Refinery, for making Oxyga Muriatic Acid, for the sole Purpose of bleaching linen or ft Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yd Twist, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, or used, employed, spent or consumed in the making of Oxym of Lime, for the idle Purpose of such bleaching as aforefud, such Bond or Security as is prescribed and directed bytteu And Whereas it is expedient to permit such Maker or Makf Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, for tk Purpose aforesaid, to receive and nave delivered to him, k them, from and out of any Warehouse belonging and adjoiniq any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, any crushed Rock Salt, for the Purpose aforesaid, upon such Bond as aforesaid ; Be it therel enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and vid Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempi, 1 Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Asti rity of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of /ijij thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall and may be hi and for any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic At Oxymuriate of Lime, in Great Britain, to receive and have dd to him, her or them, from and out of any Warehouse belong adjoining to any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, Salt Work or Sait Jw crushed Rock Salt for making Oxygenated Muriatic Add r

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. in.

C.94.

486

sole Purpose of bleaching Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twill, or other Goods manufadored of Linen or Cotton, or to be used, employed, fDent or consumed in the making of Oxymuriate of Lime, for the foie Pur* fftfe of such bleaching as aforesaid, under and subject to the several Provisions and Regulations prescribed and contained in the said Act with respect to the Salt to received and delivered at aforesaid, as fully and effectually, as if the same were repeated and contained in the present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Salt to be received and Salt to be mixed delivered to any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid,

or Oxymuriate of Lime, under the Provisions of the said last recited 2*? "Jr Ad, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall before such Delivery and after nUckMan-fuch Salt shall have been weighed for that Purpose, be thoroughly ganefe. mixed in the Presence of the Officer with Powder of Black Man. ganefe in the Proportion of Five Pounds of such Powder of Black Manganese with every Bushel of such Salt; and that the Officer shall, in the Permit to be given for the Removal of such Salt, express the Quantity of Salt only, specifying that such Salt has been mixed with Powder of Black Manganese in the Proportion aforesaid; and Such mixed Selli that the Officer who shall afterwards attend the mixing of such Salt to be u(ed in lieu with Vitriolic Add and Manganese and Water, as prescribed by the^said Act, for the making of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, shall permit such Salt so mixed as aforesaid to be used in lieu of genuine mer- Oxygenated chantable Salt, otherwise called Muriate of Soda, Unmixed with any Muriatic Acid. Dirt, Rubbi(h or other extraneous Material or Ingredient what, soever, and fit and proper for Halting Provision for the Food of Man, and shall deduct Five Pounds Weight of Manganese from the Weight of Manganese directed by the said Act to be then mixed with every Fifty six Pounds Weight of Salt, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and such Certificate of mixing shall be granted in respect of such Salt as is directed by the said Act, in respect of mixing genuine merchantable Salt; and no such Maker or Makers shall be subject in respect of such Mixture of Powder of Black Manganese with such Salt before the Delivery thereof as aforesaid to the Penalty imposed by the said Act upon any such Maker or Makers, who shall before the making of any Salt in* tended to be mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or with Vitriolic Acid and Manganese, under or by virtue of the said Act, dandeflinely add to such Salt any extraneous or adulterating .Material or Materials, or Substance or Subfiances whatsoever, any thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in die said Paper Makers

recited Act or in this Act contained, shall prevent, or be confirued w* prevented to prevent, any Maker or Makers of Paper, from using in the frroufing Chy* bleaching of Rags to be employed by such Maker or Makers of 0

Paper in the Manufacture of Paper, any Oxymuriate of Lime or Bleaching Liquor, made and prepared in the manner and accordinjg to the Dune&ions, and by the Persons entitled to make the same, m and by the said recited Act and this Act made, mentioned and prescribed.

-liS

CAP.

466

C.95.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.I

4

His Majesty

may empower any Person to transfer the zooool. Three per Cent. Reduced Annuities now (landing in the Name of the ^iflolved College

CAP. XCV.

An Act to authorize such Person as His Majesty shall a] to transfer a certain Sum in Three Pounds per Cent duced Annuities, now (landing in the Name of the dii College of Hertford, in the University of Oxford; m to receive Dividends due upon such Annuities.

[a6th Jut i(

WHEREAS by the Laws in being, relative to theTij 4 W of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, 1

are directed to be kept by the Accountant General of th 4 vernor and Company of the Bank of England for the time 1

wherein all Alignments or Transfers o? such Annuities ft

entered and registered, and such Entries are to be conceii 4 proper Words for that Purpose, and to be (igned by the I 4 making such Transfers, or, if such Party be absent, by I

their respective Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully a 4 rized, in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hacd 4 Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witne/Ts; a 4is also declared, that no other Method of assigning andtniafa

such Annuities shall be good or available in Law: And Wk

by an Inquilition taken at the City of Oxford, on the Ml

of May last, by virtue of a Commission under the Qmi Seal1 4 Great Britain^ it was (araongst other things) found tbi fk 4 ford College, in the University of Oxford, on the Twenty Day of Junes in the Year One thousand eight hundred md i

became and was dissolved, and that the said dissolved College a

time of its Dissolution was poiTeffed of One thousand Pci

Capital Stock in the Three per Cent. Reduced Bank Ai: d 4 (landing in the Names of the Principal and Fellows of

4 College, Oxford, in the Books of the Governor and Compaq 4 the Bank of England; and that (ince the Dissolution of tic

dissolved College the Dividends on the said Sum of One ttad 4 Pounds Three per Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities had beec,

(lill were in arrear and unpaid; and that the said Stocks, Fa

Monies and Securities had efeheated and devolved, and did t 4 belong to His Majesty, by virtue of His Prerogative Royal, i 4 the same were, by the Comraissioners in the said Commission m 4 seized into the Hands of His Majesty; but by reason of the L 4 aforesaid there are no Means of making a Transfer of such J

nuities, or of receiving the Arrears of Dividends due there c without the Authority of Parliament ; Be it therefore ecad by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Add and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Cow in this present Parliament anembled, and by the Authority oi tl same, That it shall and may be lawful, for His Majestjr, hisHd and Successors, by Warrant under His or their Royal Sign Mica to appoint and empower any Person or Persons to assign and tmsJ the said Sum of One thousand Pounds Capital Stock of Three / Cent. Reduced Annuities, into the Name of any other Mod ( Persons, and also to receive all such Dividends as aie or Hull b due and in arrear upon the (mid Capital Stock, and to give prope Receipts and Discharges for the same) and such PersonorPerfw

A.D. 1816*

56° GEO. III.

487

C. 95, 96.

fb appointed and empowered as aforesaid may and shall, and he and of Hertford, into

they is and are hereby authorized to ailign and transfer the said Sum the Ntmesof

of One thousand Pounds Capital Stock, now (landing in the Books oth*r Pef"

of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from the tS^vidcwhT^

Name of the Principal and Fellows of Hertford College, Oxford,

into the Name of any other Person or Persons; and also to receive

and give proper Receipts and Discharges for all such Dividends upon the said Capital Stock, as are or shall be due and in arrear;

any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary not withft an din g.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Com- Bank indcm-pany of the Bank of England\ and their Sueceilbrs, shall be, and nified. they are hereby held harmless and indemnified from and against' all Claims and Demands of or by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for or by reason or in consequence of the Transfer of the said Sum of One thousand Pounds Three per Cent. Reduced Annuities, hereinbefore authorized and directed to be transferred, or in any manner respecting the same, or for or by reason or in consequence of the Payment by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ of the Dividends hereinbefore directed to be received; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall not be required to fee to the Application of the said Dividends, nor be in any manner responsible for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for establiflring an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. [26th June 1816.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are willing and contented to advance the Sum of 4 Three Millions Sterling for the Public Service, in the manner and 4 upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned, upon the said Governor and Company being authorized and empowered by 4 Parliament to increase their Capital Stock, which now consists of 4 Eleven millions six hundred and forty-two thousand four hundred 4 Pounds to Fourteen millions five hundred and fifty-three thousand Pounds, and that the proposed Encrease of Two millions 4 nine hundred and ten thousand six hundred Pounds may be appropriated amongst the Proprietors of Bank Stock at the Rate of 4 Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of Bank Stock 4 which they respectively hela on the Twenty-third Day of May 4 One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and, until Repayment 4 to the said Governor and Company of the said Sum of Three*Millions, upon the Promissory Notes of the said Governor and 4 Company, expressed to be payable to Bearer on Demand, being 4 received in Payment of all Sums of Money which now are or 4 shall become payable for any Part of the Public Revenue, and 4 being accepted by the Collectors, Receivers and other Officers of the Revenue authorized to receive the same if offered to be so 4 paid, fractional Parts of Twenty Shillings only excepted; and 4 that in confederation of the above proposed Encrease of the Capital

J i 4 4 of

MS

C. 96.

56° GEO. III.

Bank to advance 3, oooo, ocol. at Three per Cent.

Interest to be paid yearly.

Time of Repay* ment of Principal.

Capital Stock of the Bank en-creased:

A.D1

of Bank Stock, and of the Notes of the said Governor i

puy being received in Payment of every Branch of the!

Revenue as aforesaid, the fa>d Governor and Company (hallf 4 the said Sum of Three Millions Sterling for the Public j

to be paid on such Days during the present Year, and i 4 manner as Parliament shall direa and appoint, the Rq

thereof to be secured with Interest at the Rate of Three i

per Annum payable annually, and to be repaid at such I«Parliament shall direct and appoint, not beyond the Fail August One thousand eight hundred and thirty three, ad

charged and chargeable upon and to be repaid out of the I

lidated Fund, unless otherwise provided for by Parliament a we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Col of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland is I ment afleipbled, being desirous to raise with as much Ea Advantage as possible to Your Subjects the necessary SuppliJ to encourage the said Governor and Company to advance \ Sum of Three Millions, dp most humbly beseech Your Maje it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most £ Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeat of the Lordi £ and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament if and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be^to and for the said Governor and Company, and theyivl authorized and empowered, on or before the Tenth Dq«f 0 One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to advance aifc His Majesty, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, ^ Credit of the Consolidated Fund, the Sum of Three MillioniSl at an Interest of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, such I to be payable annually to the said Governor and Company! Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, any thing contained if Act or A As of Parliament to the contrary notwithstaDdiar J

II. And be it further enacted, That the Repayment of t Sum of Three Millions and the Interest thereof at the Rate afe be and the same is hereby charged and made chargeable up< Consolidated Fund, unless otherwise provided for by Pirlia that such Interest shall be paid annually to the said Govt Company, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; tbt annual Payment thereof to commence and be made withi Days after the Expiration of One Year from the time wh< said Sum of Three Millions shall have been advanced by tht Governor and Company as authorized and directed by this i and that the said Sum of Three Millions with all Arrears of loll thereon shall be repaid to the said Governor and Company all time or times as Parliament shall direct or appoint, but foal Repayment of the said Principal Sum with ail Arrears of In thereon shall be made and completed on or before the Firftl August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

ill. And be it further enacted, That in confidmtioa of tbel Advance of Three Millions for the Public Service ai aforesaid, { Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company be and tie I hereby encreased and extended from the Sum of Eleven miHjons k bundled and forty two thousand four hundred Pounds, of which the same now consists, to the Sum of Fourteen millions five hundred ad fifty three thousand Pounds, snaking an Encrease or Addition of

ii Tvo

|IS16

56* GEO.UL

C. 96.

489

nine hundred and ten thousand six hundred Pounds and that the said Sum of Two millions nine hundred To bt divid'd tad six hundred Pounds Capital Stock shall he ap- , n?on*th* prO" and divided amongst the several Persons, Bodies Politic

who were Proprietors of Bank Stock on the Twenty for every xooL of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen9 at Bank Stock.

of Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of which Such Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, were ivdy Proprietors of or had Handing in their respective the Books kept by the fiud Governor and Company for and Transfer of such Stock, and so in Proportion for a arlefler Stun, and such Division and Appropriation shall.be lathe Credit of the respective Names of such Persons, Bodies - Corporate, in the Books of the fiud Governor and Com-dmgiy; and all such Persons, Bodies Politic and Cor-lull from the time of such Division and Appropriation be entitled to the additional Sum of Bank Stock so placed in Credit of their respective Names, and shall respectively be 1 to be paid the same Rate of Dividend thereon, and to possess the same Profits, Privileges and Advantages in respect»Hoe manner to all Intents and Purposes as they were to be paid, possess and enjoy in respect of the Bank Stock load m their respective Names on the said Twenty third Day One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

And be it further enacted, That until Repayment to the said Bank Notes to r and Company of the said Sum of Three Millions and all* received in to beeome due thereon, the Promissory Notes of the said E*ofJ?e and Company, expressed to be payable to Bearer on De» w*ev u*id (called Bank Notes), shall be received in Payment of all Sums Hooey which now are or at any time hereafter shall become pay-r for or in respect of any Part of the Public Revenue, and shall Accepted and received 'accordingly by all Collectors, Receivers .-other OfScen of the Revenue authorized to receive the same Bend o be So paid, fractional Parts of Twenty Shillings only

And be it further enacted, That the Capital Stock of the said Eocreased Cspi-troor and Company of the Bank of England so encreased as s^ock'°.be

daid shall be afugnable and transferable in the same manner as manner"

Sriginal Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company was the Original, able and transferable before the making of this Act, and with the Produce thereof shall be free from Parliamentary facts, Charges and Impositions, and all other Taxes, Charges and sposition* whatsoever; and the Transfers or Alignments of Stock'additional Stock in the Books of the fiud Company shall not matter be or be made liable to any higher or greater Stamp or ibtr Duties than are now payable for the Transfers or Afiignmenta i their present Stock, or any Part thereof; any thing in tins Act steamed or in anr other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary a aprifc cotwit branding.

CAP.

4$G.3. c-4-

An Account shall be taken Quarterly of Amount of Balances for Payment of Dividends on account of the Public Debt, Balance to be retained*

C. 97. 66° GEO. III. A.D. 1816.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to authorize the advancing, for the Public Service, a Proportion of the Balance that shall remain from time to time in the Bank of England for the Payment of Dividends on account of the Public Debt, for Lottery Prizes or Benefits not claimed, and Principals of Stocks and Annuities remaining unclaimed. [26th June 1816.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorixe 4 the advancing, for the Public Service, upon certain Conditions, a 4 Proportion of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England for 4 Payment of Unclaimed Dividends, Annuities and Lottery Prixet; 4 and for regulating the Allowances to be paid for the Management 4 of the National Debt; it was among other things enacted, that 4 the Governor and Company of the Bank of England should pay 4 into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, out 4 of the Balances in their Hands .of Sums issued for the Payment of 4 Dividends due and not demanded, and of unclaimed Lottery Prizes 4 or Benefits, the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the 4 Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight: And 4 Whereas the said Governor and Company duly paid the said Sum m 4 pursuance of the said Act: And Whereas a considerable Balance 4 now remains in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the 4 Bank of England, for the Payment of Dividends on account of the Public Debt, for Lottery Prizes or Benefits not claimed, and 4 Principals of Stocks and Annuities remaining unclaimed; and it is 4 just and expedient that a Part of the said Balance should be advanced for the Service of the Public, on condition that if at any 4 time the said Balance shall be reduced to a less Sum than One hundred thousand Pounds, then and in that case so much of the Monies 4 advanced by the said Governor and Company as shall be equal to 4 the Sum by which the said Balance shall be less than the Sum of 4 One hundred thousand Pounds, shall be repaid to the said Governor

and Company ; Therefore we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within Thirty Days after the Expiration of every Quarter an Account shall be taken of the lowed Amount of the Balances in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends and Terminable Annuities bn account of the National Debt due and not demanded, and for the Payment of Lottery Prizes or Benefits not claimed, and also of Sums which shall have been issued for the Payment of Principals of Stocks or Annuities remaining unclaimed; and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to retain a Balance of One hundred thousand Pounds from and out of the lowed Sum to which the Dividends, Terminable Annuities, Lottery Prizes and Principals of

Stocks

C. 97.

491

56° GEO. III.

I, due and remaining unclaimed, shall appear by such rasfare been reduced at any time in such Quarter; and the ftkc Amount which shall remain due and unclaimed, deduffc-wn such Sum as may be due and payable to the Commif-the Reduction of the National Debt by virtue of an Act i of Parliament, over and above such Sum of One hun-. Pounds as aforesaid, shall, upon the Fifth Day of July9Day of 03ober9 the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth _ I April, in every Year, be paid into the Receipt of His Ma-ILxchequer, and applied to such Services as shall be directed by 'lit, without any Interest for the same; and if at any time r the Monies remaining in the Hands of the Governor and the Bank of England, which have been ifilled to them lent of any such Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, ripah of Stocks and Annuities, due and remaining unclaimed, i reduced to a less Sum than One hundred thousand Pounds, 1 Governor and Company shall forthwith transmit a Certificate fee same, signed by One of their Cashiers, to the Commissioners fee Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, Ufa* the Auditor of the Exchequer for the time being, con-fer a true Statement of the Amount to which the said Monies I nea be reduced; and that forthwith on the same Day on which Hbch Certificate containing such Statement as aforesaid shall be fated to the said Auditor at the Receipt of the Exchequer, the V Auditor shall make out a proper Debenture, directing the Pay-it of fudh Sum of Money as it shall appear by such Certificate ft said Balances shall be reduced under One hundred thousand Wads, which fad Sum of Money shall, in case the said Governor 4 Company of the Bank of England shall demand the same, be fadaod psad out of any Money in the Receipt of the Exchequer, Wr Aids or Supplies granted to His Majesty, for the Service of tamneot Year or of any preceding Year, or out of any Mdhies fag from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund which may remain fifee End of any Quarter for the Dispofitiou of Parliament; and faf such Debenture, being carried to the Clerk of the Pells, shall Mntbwith recorded in the usual Method in which Debentures are ifcm recorded; and thereupon the Teller or Tellers on whom any fct Debenture shall be charged, shall, upon the same being pre-

td to him or them, immediately pay or cause to be paid to the Cdhier or Cashiers, for the Use of the said Governor and Comity the Sum contained in such Debenture accordingly; and in Ife, after the Repayment of any Part of the Monies which shall aw been advanced under this Act, the said Balances shall at any ine be again further reduced, in such case, as often as the same shall toppen, such a further Sum shall in like manner be repaid to the said fawmor and Company, as shall keep' a Balance in the Hands of the fed Governor and Company, for the Payment of any Annuities or Bnidends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stocks and Asstkies, due and not demanded as aforesaid, of One hundred thou-had Pounds.

11. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case in which any such Money shall not be immediately issued to the said Governor and* Company, or their Cashier, upon such Certificate 'as aforesaid, kteitft at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum

t*r

Remainder of

Unclaimed DU vidends to he paid into the Exchequer.

If Balance be reduced. Deficiency to be made good.

Certificate.

Proceeding* when it appears that Balaw e reduced under ioojooool.

Interest to be paid for Money not immediately issued.

Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland shall become One Gene* rat Consolidated Fund.

C. 97a 98. 56# GEO. III. A.R

per Annum Audi be charged by and paid to the bid Goto Company upon such Sum, until the (ante Audi be issued and the fetid GoTcrnor and Company.

cap. xcvra.

An Act to unite and consolidate into One Fund all the Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland; and to proii the Application thereof to the General Service of the I Kingdom.

WHEREAS it hath become expedient, for further a into effect the Provisions and Purposes of Two fern; 4 for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, (the One made*Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty modi and F*Years of His Present Majesty's Reign, and the other nude*Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His hid Mi 4 Reign, ) that all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and I 4 fhoidd be consolidated and applied to the Service of the (*Kingdom ; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mod i lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confect of the J Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Paris assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from ad the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred aadfestf all Rates, Duties, Taxes, Receipts, Sums of Money mi toss of what nature or kind soever, which, under or brutedi Act or Acts in force in Great Britain or Ireland mpe£Mj*' time of the passing of this Act, and immediately before the Sal! Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sevenmU may constitute or form Part of, or be directed to he earned u several Funds called the Consolidiated Fund of Great Britan am Consolidated Fund of Ireland respectively, Audi be carried % shall be and become, and shall form and constitute One fc Fund, to be called the Consolidated Fund of the United lie of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the feud Consolidated! of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland whetfe same or any Part thereof shall be in the Exchequer of Greet Br or in the Exchequer of Ireland, shall, in the First Place, be cto and chargeable with, and Audi from time to time be appM diferiminateiy to the Payment of the whole of the Ioterci ol National Debts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Sid Funds applicable to the Reduction thereof, as One joint Coal dated National Debt, interest and Sinking Fund; and in the a Place, the said Consolidated Fund of the said United Kingdom I in like manner be charged and chargeable with, and ftaUbrappi to the Payment of the Salaries and other Charges of Hi*H$! Civil List Establishments in Great Britain and Ireland; ai next Place, the said Consolidated Fund of the said United shall be in like manner charged and chargeable with, and m 1 applied in Payment of all other Charges whatsoever, madepar^ out of the Consolidated Funds of Great Britain or Inked ively, undei or by virtue of any Act or Acts in same imtatim before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hunfc «nd Seventeen, and afterpayment and Satisfaction of ail the afcrt said Charges, the feud Consolidated Fund of the United Kington

mi

56° GEO. III.

C.98.

be Ike maimer indifcrimioately applied to the Service of lingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Part bll be directed by Parliament, and shall be issued and in manner and under the Authority hereinafter

Amd be it farther enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day One thousand eight hundred and seventeeen, the Offices Xreafurer of Great Britain and Lord High Treasurer 11 be united into One Office, and the Person holding*ftflil be called Lord High Treasurer of the United King-Great Britain and Ireland; and that whenever there shall'such Lord High Treasurer, it shall and may be lawful for ky» by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Bri-Sippoiut Commissioners for executing the Offices of Treasurer f Exchequer of Great Britain and Lord High Treasurer of if and that such Commissioners shall be called Commissioners mn Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and that the said Commissioners shall have all such i Authorities in and through the whole of the said United with respect to the Collection, Issuing and Application ble Revenues of the United Kingdom, as at the time of of this Act, and immediately before the said Fifth Day y One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, are or shall be vested in the Commissioners of the Treasury in Great'Ireland respectively, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, tow, Lot, Usage or Custom m force in Great Britain or Ireland feadiidji by whatever Names or Descriptions such Commissioners TbtTndvy shall or may have been at any time known or de-*£bed| lave and except in so far as any such Powers or Authorities say be abocd or amended by this Act; and that all Officers and fmst Pcrfboi concerned or employed in the Collection or Manage-o£ the Revenues in and through every Part of the United osi) shall be in all respects subject to the Orders and Controul hid Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners of His fn Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and i; and shall be liable to all such Penalties and Punishments for i of such Orders as they are or would be subject or liable ftaader and by virtue of any Acts, Laws, Usages or Customs, with P % ed to the Powers of the Commissioners of the Treasury in force k Great Britain and Ireland respectively at the time of the passing I this Act and immediately before the said Fifth Day of January Ole thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever in this Act, or in for Ad to be made at any time after the passing of this Act, the Words w Commissioners of His Majesty* Treasury, " or the Words " Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom*of Great Britain and Irelandare or shall be used, the same shall M construed to extend and apply to the Commissioners for executing Offices of Treasurer of the Exchequer of Great Britain and Lord High Treasurer of Ireland9 whenever such Commission shall be % force; amd that all and every Act and Acts which at any time bail or may have been done or executed, or shall or may be done or extorted by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Great Iritm or Ireland or the United Kingdom respectively, under or by

virtue

A93

Offices of Treasurer of Great Britain and Ireland united, and may he executed by Commit!?often.

Officers uf the Revenue subject to Order* of the Treasury.

The Words " Commissioners of Treasury,*

&c. to apply to Commissioners for executing the Offices of Treasurer of the Exchequer of Great Britain and Treasurer of Ireland

494

C. 98.

56° GEO. III.

A Vice Treasurer appointed.

Salary.

Vice Trea surer to take Oath before the Chancellor of Ireland.

is os- w

Vice Treasurer empowered to appoint a Deputy.

Payment for the annual Establishment and Expences of the Office.

Money shall be iirued out of the Treifury of Ireland on the Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant, counterfeited by the Vice Treasurer.

ADI

virtue or Authority of any Law, Statute, Usage or Custon, before the passing of this Act, shall be good* valid and effefo Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any Error or Omiffic Names or Descriptions whereby any such Commissionen Treasury shall or may have been at any time known, or o described.

IV. And be it further enacted, That (for the Purposeiof out of the Exchequer of Ireland all Sums which shall bep the same, under or by virtue of the several Acts which wr hereafter may be in force in Ireland for that Purpose, ordk be paid into the same out of the General Revenae of thel Kingdom, under the Orders of the Commissionen of His Mi Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ind Ink shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Hein and Soo from time to time, by Letters Patent under the Great Sol land, to appoint a Vice Treasurer for Ireland, with a yearly not exceeding Two thousand Pounds British Sterling a Year, paid to such Person for the executing of the said Office, payd of the Revenue appropriated to His Majesty's Civil List Eft ment in Ireland\

V. And be it further enacted, That such Vice Tneafarerfa land to be appointed in manner aforesaid shall take such Oub b the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, or before the Consift for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland, as was accdm be taken by the Vice Treasurer of Ireland, before the j* % d Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty ftkrar His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for tie ten lij ation of the Receipts and issues of His Majesty's Treasury, ad repealing an Act of Parliament puffed in the Tenth Tear if Heart Seventh, intituled*An Act authorizing the Treasurer to «ih*Officers as the Treasurer of England doth; and that it/WI may be lawful for such Vice Treasurer for Ireland to appeal Person to be his Deputy to ad during his Absence or Iocapa from Sickness; and that all Acts done by such Deputy IhiE be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes as if they were doc? such Vice Treasurer in his own proper Person; and that such 1 Treasurer shall be answerable and responsible for all Acts done such Deputy in the Execution of the Duty of his Office; aodi it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Goter or Governors of Ireland from time to time, by his or their Win to the said Vice Treasurer, to order the Issue and Payment out of said Exchequer of any such Sum or Sums of Money for the m Establishment and incidental and contingent Expences attemfor a the said Office of Vice Treasurer, as the Commissioners of 1 Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britm i Ireland shall from time to time order and dined.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth D of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, do Moix shall be issued out of the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ink* otheswife than by the Vice Treasurer for Ireland, under the AijiIk rity of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Goran* of Ireland, in manner hereinafter mentioned; and that the said Vie Treasurer shall not issue, nor cause to be issued, out of the said Rf ceipt of the Exchequer of Ireland\ any Sum or Sums of Mote

>.1S16*

56° GEO. III.

C.98.

495

r (except as hereinafter mentioned), until fulh Vice Trea-[Jaie received a Warrant, under the Hand of such Lord, or other Chief Governor or Governors, directed to the surer for that Purpose; and that the said Vice Trea-I eounterfign all such Warrants of such Lord Lieutenant,

Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and that after Signature upon such Warrant, such Warrant shall be [ marked by any Officer or Person thereto authorized by I'Vke Treasurer, and whereof Notice shall be given by the Be Treasurer to the Auditor Gcueral of the said Exchequer; mBk Warrant, so being duly entered and marked, shall be a fuffi-; Authority to the said Auditor General of His Majesty's Ex* Mf «f Ireland, for the KTue by the said Auditor General of (Mr for Payment on the Teller of the said Exchequer: ProAmys, that there shall be a sufficient Authority for all such Wtatt under some Grant from His Majesty, or some of his Royal Aarffbcsy or under some Act or Acts of Parliament in that behalf, mot otherwise; and that act ffleh Payments shall not exceed the tamnt authorized under the respective Acts by virtue of which a Iffnes shall be made, or the annual Grants of Parliament, as the K shall be specified in the Appropriation Acts of each Session. VIL Provided always, and he it enacted. That all Warrants kb AoB have been (igned by the Commissioners for executing the ice of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, bearing Date on or be- Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven-t^asd which shall then remain in the Office of the Auditor General he Exchequer, unsatisfied and unpaid, or partly unsatisfied or un-d, shall be good, full and sufficient Authority to the said Auditor sacral for the Issue of his Order to the Teller of the Exchequer for tyment, until the full Amount of such Warrants be satisned and id; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwith: uding.

VIII. And, in order that no Annual Grants of Parliament may exceeded, be it further enacted, That all Grants under the Great Privy Seal or Sign Manual of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succef-s, King's Letters or King's Warrants, directing the Issue of any wey for Services in Ireland out of such Annual Grants, shall be ered and recorded in the Office of the Auditor of the Exchequer rreoi Britain, who shall cause the Entry thereof to be certitied reon, and the same to be forthwith returned to the Commissioners iis Majesty's Teeafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain Irelandin order to their being transmitted to the Lord Lieu-mt of Ireland.

IX. And Whereas great Inconvenience would arise to the Public ervice if the IfTues from the Exchequer iii either Part.of the United kingdom, for the Payment of Interest and Sinking Fund of the (ational Debt, and of such Charges as, according to the Practice eretofore prevailing in the said Exchequers respectively, have iually been paid immediately before or after the Close of .every Quarter, were delayed until the respective Quarterly Accounts of the Exchequers of Great Britain and Ireland were made up and settled For preventing, of such Inconvenience, be it enacted, hat is regard to the Exchequer in Great Britain, it shall be lawful r tie Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's

Treasury

Authority for such Payments-

Warrants prior to Jan. j, 1817, to be paid.

IfTues for Ireland to be recorded in the Exchequer of Great Britain.

I flues may be made from the Exchequers in

C. 98.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1916.

Great Britain # and Irelaod, for Payment of Interest and Sinking Fund of National Debt, fee*, without waiting for Quarterly Accounts.

Quarterly Accounts of Consolidated Fund in Great Britain and Ireland shall be transmitted from each Country to the other, and deposited in the several Exchequers.

Treasury may direct the ISlue of any Part of the Quarterly Surplus of Con-folidited Fund in either Exchequer, for the Purpose of Remittance to the other.

ISTues may be made in Ireland out of Consolidated Fund, for current Services

Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being; and, with regard to the Exchequer in Ireland, it shall be lawful for the Vice Treasurer for Ireland, under Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in manner by this Act provided, to direct the Issue of all such Sums as may be necessary for the Payment of the Interest and Sinking Fund of the National Debt, which shall be payable in either Part of the United Kingdom, and of all such Charges as have heretofore usually been defrayed out of the Consolidated Funds thereof mspectively, immediately before or after the Close of every Quarter, although the Accounts of the respective Exchequers (hau not have been made up and fettled} any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Quarterly Accounts of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom shall have been made up in the respective Exchequers of Great Britain and Ireland, a Copy of the Account of such Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, as shall have arisen in Great Britain within the preceding Quarter, shall be drawn out and certified by the Auditor of the Exchequer there, and be transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, who shall cause the same to be transmitted to the Vice Treasurer for Ireland, with Directions to him to cause the same to be deposited in the Office of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, for the Information of the proper Officers there; and a Copy of the Account of such Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom as shall have arisen in Ireland within the preceding Quarter, shall in like manner be drawn out and certified by the Auditor General of the Exchequer there, and be transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, who shall order the same to be deposited in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, for the Information of the proper Officers there.

XI* And be it further enacted, That whenever the Surplus'* of Consolidated Fund remaining in the respective Exchequers of Great Britain or Ireland at the Close of any Quarter, shall have been ascertained and certified as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, as the case may be, to order and direct that all or any Part of such Surplus remaining in the Exchequer of either Part of the United Kingdom, shall be lffiied to such Person or Persons as in such Warrant may be named, for the Purpose of being remitted and transferred to the Exchequer of the other Part of the United Kingdom, as the Exigencies of the Public Service of the United Kingdom may appear to them to require.

XII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Issues being made from the Exchequer in Ireland out of the growing Pro* duce of the Consolidated Fund arising from time to time in that Part

of

D.181*

B69 GEO. III.

a 99.

4fi7

_ for the neceflkry current Services thereof i the invariable Course and Practice which hath heretofore rthere; ftsch Ifsues, nevertheless, to be made in the Form dircded by this Act t Provided always, that on or be-IFvft Day of February in every Year, an Account shall be the Exchequer of Ireland, of all Sums which shall have out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, e during the respective Quarterly Periods commencing and afonfirid, fenr defraying the current Services of Ireland, in foot Account toe Heads of Service for which such Sfm made; which Account shall be certified by the Auditor

eof His h£ajesty*s Exchequer there, and shall be forthwith fedjby the Vice Treasurer to the Lord High Treasurer, or " i of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom a^d Ireland; and such Lord High Treasurer, or or axfy-Three or more of such Contmissioners, as the Mr be, shall thereupon, by a Warrant under his or their Hand Sms, order and direct that out of any of the Aids or Supplies of 9nm remaining in the Exchequer in Great Britain, applicable to BMdnrw of such Sum or Sums respectively, a Sum or Sums (A ta such certified Amount of the Issues made out of the growing 4poe of the Consolidated Fund, arifiag in Ireland for defraying loom Services there, shall be carried and placed to the Account Cmdit of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom within i Owner, and the same shall thereupon be carried and placed to t Account and Credit by the Auditor of the Receipt of His jpRy't Exchequer in Great Britain, and by the Auditor General tea Mriefctli Exchequer in Ireland.

HIT. And bet further enacted, That so much of an Act made AaPaAneat of Ireland, intituled An Act for Hefting a certain udh Commiftknere at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to be by to the Reduction of the National Debt, and to direS the ftkotion of additional Fundi in case of future Loans to the like Ifoftt t or of any Act for amending the same, as directs that tab Peribos shall be Commissioners for carrying into Execution Furpofcs of the said Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed;

[ that from from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand g hundred and seventeen, the Cornmifuoners for the Reduction of National Debt of Great Britain shall be and become Commissioners the Reduction of the National Debt of the United Kingdom and the find Commissioners shall have all such Powers and Authorities re or may be given in and by aav Act or Acts in force in Great tom or Ireland, relative to the Reduction of the National Debt rreat Britain or the National Debt of Ireland; and that the fe-i Sums which under and by virtue of several Acts in force in at Britain and Ireland respectively, are required to be set apart be Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain and the Receipt of Exchequer of Ireland respectively, on account of the Com mi f* tm for the Redudkm of the National Debt of Great Britain and theMmfonal Debt of Inland, shall continue to be so set apart; I tint all such Stuns so set apart, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall ! maybe iffised and paid from time to tone into the Bank of England too the Bank of Itebutd, a» shall be directed and required by the d High Treriumr or the Commissionerr of His Majesty's Trefc» 56 Gw. IIL K k fury

ss heretofore, and the Amount to be msde good in the Brkiih Exchejaer.

So much of 37 0.3.(1.) u appoints Commissioners for the Reduction of National Debt in Ireland, re* peelect:

British Cotnmtf* fioner* (hell be'Cotnmissioners for the Reduction of the Ns-tional Debt of the United

4&3

C. 98.

56 GEO. III.

Orders of Com* mifBoners for TJ. K. sufficient

Authority to the Banks of England and Ireland

Blooey.

Two additional Commissioners of the Treasury to be appointed ftwIrHh BnfineO.

-6 Ann* c. y.

Sanction of Lord JLieoCinant equivalent to that required hereto* fore by IrHh Treasury (except in Kerenue eases).

AM

iury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inland I time being, and shall be from time to time applied, under the Dn of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, Parchafe of such Capital Stock, Funds, Debentures or Arndt towards any public Loan either in Great Britain or Ireland, I seem most expedient to the said Commissioners for the Redofl the National Debt of the United Kingdom % and that the(U the said Commissioners for the Redudbon of the National DdU United Kingdom shall at all times be fufficieot Authority talk yernor and Company of the Bank of England and of the N Ireland, for paying any Part of the Money from time to m maining in the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland on iocs the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Defat I United Kingdom, to any Person or Perftms, in order to its I tance from one Put of the United Kingdom to the other, fa Purposes of this Act; and also for the Application of wf Money to the Purchase of any Stock, Funds, Debenture* s nuities, or towards any Public Loan in Great Britain or Irdai thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in anywHie notwithstm XIV- And be it further enacted, That in consequence of & crease of Business which will result from the Provinons of daj it shall and may be lawful for His Maiofty to nominate vdm Two Persons to be Commissioners of His Majesty's Trafy* United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and toltasffi such, with and in addition to the Number of CommissioindRfal now by Law be appointed for the executing the Office ifdk Ot the Exchequer of Great Britain, with a yearly Sak}*< ceeding for each of such Commissioners such Saury as is oovieu by each of the said Commissioners for executing the said Oh Treasurer of the Exchequer of Great Britain, to be pad ta: Two Commissioners out of the Revenues appropriated o Majesty*$ Civil List Establi/hment in Irelandg any thing hoi made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen dime, mutdi AS for the securing of Her Myejty's Person and Governed of the Suecession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Pntdntl or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary in anywise notl /landing.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fitt of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, in all casa otherwise specially provided for by this Act, where, under tie visions of any Act or Acts in force immediately before the pda this Act, any Warrant, Licence, Order or Document, bi bes

?uired to be signed by the Commissioners for executing the Ok iOrd High Treasurer of Ireland (except in cases relating t» Revenue of Ireland) a Warrant or other proper Document, s case may be, signed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Go* or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall be of like ViM Force and EfFed, as any such Warrant, Licence, Order or Does of such Commissioners, to all Intents and Purposes whatfocer; that in all cases where by any Act or Acts in force in IreU Approbation of the said Commissioners for esecuting the Ofict Lord High Treasurer of Ireland has been required or aide Deed {except as aforesaid), the Approbation of the Lord Liesteaf* other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, figsiWbjW

Dll81&

56° GEO. III.

C. 98.

499

Secretary, or in the Absence of such Chief Secretary, by Secretary for the Civil or Military Department, as the iequke9 shall be of like Validity, Force and Effect as of such Commissioners to all Intents and Purposes

be it further enacted, That the Appointment of any be Vice Treasurer for Ireland, nor the Appointment of any Perfbas to be Commissioner or Commissioners of His Txeaiiary of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and frail not, nor shall any such Appointment be deemed or be an Appointment or Appointments to a new Office or or Place or Places of Profit under The Crown; and that io to be appointed Vice Treafnrer for Ireland, or One of of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom Britain and Ireland, mall not, nor shall any of them be dibbled from fitting or roting as a Member of the House of nor frail be be thereby rendered incapable of being elected of the House of Commons; any thing in any Ad or tie contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted, That the Appointment of any emg One of the Commissioners of the Treasury of Great or wand, to be One of the Commissioners of His Majesty's of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall the Election of any such Person respectively, nor shall paw Writ iffoe for a new Election in conference of the Ac-kne of any such Appointment; any thing in any Act or Acts Isa contrary in any wile notwithstanding.

jVllL And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Rules, ttaltfaons and Kredions contained in the Ad made in the Parlia-Wt of Ireland in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's , sch intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Receipts and Wt of His MajeJlj's Treasury; and for repealing an Act of Par-nt fated in the Tenth Tear of Henry the Seventh, intituled ' An I anthoming the Treasurer to male all Officers as the Treasurer of

rad doth, 9 frail be and remain and continue in full Force and except only so far as any of the said Provisions, Rules, Reions and Directions are altered by this Act, or by any other Act j&s in force immediately before the passing of this Act: Pro-always, that in all cases where any Powers or Authorities are e laid recited Act given to the Commissioners for executing the of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, such Powers and Au-ies frail be veiled in and exercised by the Comtoissioners of His ly's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Am

X. And be it further enacted, That the Quarterly Accounts of .eccipts, UTues and Remains of the Exchequer of Ireland, as red by the Auditor General of the Exchequer of Ireland, and store examined and signed under the Provisions of the said recited sf die Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, by the Mfiooers for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Mi ball, rom and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand t bandied and seventeen, be examined and signed by the Vice Trea-r for Ireland; and that certified Abstracts of all such Accounts be by bin from time to time regularly transtnitted to the Lord Kk 2 High

Vies Trtafursr and Comnsif-fioneri of the Treasury may fit fat Parliament.

Appoantmeot of

a Commissioner of Treasury of G. B- to be one forU. K. fall not vacate Scat.

Powers of

35 G. 3. (I.) for regulating Receipts and I dues of Irish Treasury, continued, except as altered by this Act.

Powers of trifli Treasury to bn exercised by Treasury of U.K.

Quarterly Accounts of Auditor General to be examined and signed by Vice Treasurer, anti certified by him to Treasury of U.K

500

Weekly Ab-flralt from Auditor General, Clerk of the Pells, and Bank of Ireland, to he transmitted to Vice Treasurer; and Duplicates thereof, with all other Returns and Abstracts, transmitted to Treasury of U.K.

Vice Treasurer may order Payment of Local Duties, fcc.

Certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament.

C.98. 54° GEO. III. A.IX1816.

High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inland

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Weekly Ab-stra&s or Certificates of Receipts, I flues and Remains in the Treasury of 'Ireland, required by the said recited Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to be made by the Auditor General, Clerk of the Pells and Teller of the Exchequer of Ireland, to the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or to the Commissioners for executing the said Office, and also the Weekly Declaration or Abstra& of the Receipts and Payments on account of the Teller of the Exche*

2uer, required by the said Act to be made out by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and transmitted to the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the bid Office, shall from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, be maoe out and transmitted Weekly to the Vice Treasurer for Ireland; and that Copies or Duplicates of all the aforesaid Weekly Abstracts, Certificates and Declarations, together with all other Returns, Certificates, Abstracts, Accounts or Declarations, which by the said recited A & are directed to be furniftied or transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland\ or to the Commissioners for executing the laud Office, shall from and after the bid Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, be made out and transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at and for such Periods as are required and directed in and by the bid recited Act, with respect to all such Abstracts, Accounts or Declarations respectively.

XXI* Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Vice Treasurer for Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under the Hand of such Vice Treasurer, directed to the Auditor General of the Exchequer of Ireland, to order the Issue and Payment out of the bid Exchequer of all such Duties or Taxes as shall have been actually paid into the bid Exchequer for any Local or Special Purposes in Ireland, under or by Authority of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, and such I flue and Payment shall be made to all Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Persons authorized by Law to receive the same accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Cora-mission&s of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being shall annually cause an Account of the Total Income of the bid United Kingdom, including all Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps and Incidents in Great Britain and Inland respectively, and all other the ordinary Revenues and extraordinary Resources of the said United Kingdom, to be prepared and made out for One Year, ending on the Fifth Day of January in each Year, together with an Account of the Income of the Confobdated Fund of the said United Kingdom, for every such Year; and aUo of the actual Payments thereout within the said Year, and of the future annual Charge upon the said Fund as the same stood on that Day; and also an Account of the Net Produce of all the permanent Taxes of the said United Kingdom within the said Year; and also an Account of the Arrears and Balances due from all public Accountants on the said Fifth Day of January in each Year; and also

16 an

JX1SML

56° GEO. III.

C.98,

501

: of the Exports and Imports of the said United King-id the Shipping registered in or belonging to the Several ffiis Majesty's Dominions within the said Year; and also an ! of the Public Expenditure of the said United Kingdom r laid Year; and also an Account of the Public Funded Ftbe laid United Kingdom, and the Reduction thereof; and I Account of the Unfunded and Outstanding Debt of the said T Kingdom* as the same Rood respectively on the Fifth Day of y in each Year; and also an Account shewing how the ! given for the Service of the iiud United Kingdom for the acceding the said Fifth Day of January have been disposed i that the said Commissioners shall in each Year cause such i to be laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament shall be orifParlia ment shall not then be fitting, within Fourteen : the next Sitting of Parliament.

And be it further enacted, That from and after the kDay of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the iTnforcr for Ireland for the time being shall annually cause an Smt to be prepared and made out for One. Year, ending on the iDuy of January in each Year, shewing the Amount of all War-k "L t: have passed through his Office in the Course of such^the same under the several Heads set forth in.ublic Expenditure, required by Law to be an-L before Parliament; and that the said Vice Treasurer \ such Accounts to be laid before both Houses of Parlia-wk on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year, if fcnrnt loll be then fitting, or if Parliament shall not be then ting, within Fourteen Days after the next Sitting of Parliament. f XXIV. And Whereas the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ire* I for the time being is by virtue of his Office a Governor, Visitor, r Constituent Part of several Colieges, Corporations and.and other Public Societies or Inmtutions in Ireland

Annual Account to be laid before Parliament by Vico Treasurer.

enacted, That from and after the iTmfxrer of Ireland shall, in virtue of

of this Act, the be and become

Vice Treasurer flull be deemed

uur, Visitor, Member and Constituent Part of all such Col- 11 Ooewrnor of Corporations and Charitable and other Public Societies and orpor*t, on*' dons in Ireland, of which the Chancellor of the Exchequer Ireland hath at any time heretofore been a Governor, Visitor, feber or Constituent Part, in Right of his Office under any Ad hrhxment. Charter, Bye Law, Usage or Custom whatsoever, in e in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act; and it May frank and i be lawful for the said Vice Treasurer for the time being to fend recciv« Letters receive Letters and Packets by the Post, free from the Duties of free* age within the United Kingdom, in the same manner and under Reftridkms as the Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer in wd has been authorised by the Laws now in force to fend and ive Letters and Packets free from Pottage. iXV. And be it further epacted, That sul Rules, Orders and Di-boas, which at the time of the passing of this Act, or at any time ore the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred I iewnteen, shall have been made or issued by the Commissioners executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, with ed to the Receipt or Payment, Issue or Remittance of any Public K k 3 Money,

Existing Orders of Infli Treasury declared valid, until revoked by Lord Lieutenant or Treasury of U.K.

102

56° GEO. III.

AJJJil

Books and Records of the Irish TreaTury shall remain with the vice Treasurer.

Treasury and Revenue Accounts, he. in Ireland, and all Accounts to Paiiiamenr, to fbte Amount of Sums therein in Brithh Cur-nncy.

Acquittal of Public Account*

C.98.

Money, or with respect to any matter or thing within the} diction of the said Commissioners, shall be and remain in Mi i until the same shall be revoked or altered by the Lord LkttaV other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ or by tie 1 High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty't*M of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; aadM Records, and all Minute Books and Entries of the ProceoU the said Commissioners for executing the Office of LMjj| Treasurer of Ireland, and all other Books, Deeds ad id whatsoever, now belonging to or in the Custody of the UH missioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafoterdl land, shall be delivered over to, and shall remain in the CsH the Vice Treasurer for Ireland, for the time being, under thj ders and at the Disposition, nevertheless, of the Lord Higkl surer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the U Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the time being, ii Offices in the Castle of Dublin, now occupied by the Commit; for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Inland; m Business of the Department of the said Vice Treasurer shall, i and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight huoM seventeen, be transacted and carried on in the said Offices Mill Apartments thereunto belonging.

XXVI. And Whereas it is expedient by producing [HM ' in all Returns and Statements to Parliament, with 14*fti < Public Revenues and Expenditure of the United

the Amount of such Revenues and Expenditure flulvmfct f appear in British Currency, in whatever Part of the

dom such Revenues or Expenditure shall have arisen or th

placeBe it therefore enacted, That from and after tk B Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fercntwa, i Accounts of all Receipts and Payments which shall bemadeoti any of the Public Revenues, Duties or Taxes in Ireland^ aod&l Accounts of all Payments into and I flues out of the Recd(M the Exchequer in Ireland, shall be kept in such Form sod Mam that the total Amount of all Sums under each respective Heri Account, in all Accounts and Papers relating to Accounts t# laid before Parliament, shall be dated in British Currency; M it shall and may be lawful for the Commissionen for executing C Office of Lora High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, as time after the passing of this Act, and for the Conuniffiowri of I Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Briton l Ireland, at any time after the said Fifth Day of January One the sand eight hundred and seventeen, to give such Orders udDw tions as to them shall seem fitting and expedient for accompUa the Purposes hereby intended to be carried into Effect.

XXVII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to tbelfeid«discharging Perfoua being Public Accountants in Ireland, brM«of Money lflued to them out of the Treasury of Ireland am ' wife, whose Accounts have been audited by the Commissionttli

Public Accounts, or the Commissioners of Military Account! i 4 that Part of the United Kingdom, and it is proper and ncctfey 4 that Provision should be made for that PurooieBe it therefor? enacted, That in all cases where the Commissioners for auditing tk Public Accounts in Ireland) or the Commissionen of Military A*

counts

nxi8u

*6* GEO, HI.

50$

C. 95, 89.

mkdandj (halt have audited and certified, or flnU hereafter mu for Money fcertify any Account whatsoever of any Public Accountant* f* ifkirfa&orily appear to the said Commissionm respectively*1*

i Examination and Proof as to them shall seem expedient*

I Accountant is even and quit with the Public on such Ac-ihall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for f the Public Accounts* and for the said Commissioners of Mi* ts* and they are hereby respectively authorized and their Signature* to acquit and difchazge* and grant \ to fbch Public Accountant; and such Acquittance* Dif- Quietus^

- letus* shall be good* valid and effectual*. to all intents and shall be tauten and received by any Court of Law ria the United Kingdom* in bar of any 8uit or Process 't Public Accountant who shall have received the same for thing touching the Period of Account* with refoe& such Acquittal* Discharge or Quietus shall have been

And* in order that all Public Accountants shall be Commissionsv* of and prepared with the necessary Documents or flwll notify th* entstie them to demand and receive such Acquittal* Dif- Nature and Quietus from the said Commissioners for auditing the Public ter the said Commissioners of Military Accounts resped- be produced fox fteftenacted. That the said Commissioners shall respectively, obuininj such.

" r the passing of this Act as may be, determine upon the Quietus.

Form of the Documents and Proofr required to be proto them respecti vely for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the wmrflinntri shall* by public Advertisement under their Hands*

Mated in the Dublin Gauette, in Three fuccerdine Publi-thereof, and in any other manner which they shall think fit* and decfaie the Nature and Form of such Documents and to iff Public Accountants under their respective Depart-; and it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to alter the Nature or Form of any such Documents or Proofs until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the and Form of such new Documents and Proofs Audi have Bonded and declared by Public Advertisement in the Dublin and otherwise in manner aforesaid*

{ CAP. XCIX.

I Act to rest the Elgin Collection of ancient Marbles and Sculpture in the Trustees of the British Museum for the Use p the Public. [ift July 18i6.J

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in6 G. a. c. a* the Twenty sixth Year of the Reiga of His late Majesty^

Rag George the Second, intituled An Act fir the Purchase of Mt museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane* and of the HarleianKMrdros of Manuferipts; and for providing one general Repository better Reception and more convenient Uje of the said Col- tew, and of the Cottonian Library, and of toe Additions thereto,

4 feArchbishop of Canterbury*the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper 1 of the Great Seal of Great Britain, the Lord Treasurer of Great 1 Britm, artist First Commissioner of the Treasury* the Lord Pre-1 fident of the Council* the Lord Privy Seal, the Lord High Ad-

K k 4 aairaL

so*

CL 99.

SO0 GEO. III.

*8 G.a.

AJD.UU

mind of Great Brkmn % or the First Commissionerof theAdnsd the Lord Steward of His Majesty'a Household, the Lord Ck berlain of His Majesty'a Household, the Bishop of LmAm of the Principal Secretaries of State being a Peer or Lord of] liament, the Speaker of the House of Commons, each of tk| cipal Secretaries of State not being a Peer or Lord of Pad the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Chief Juftkt Court of King's Bench, the Mailer of the Rolls, the Chef, of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Wtjh Majesty's Attorney and Solicitor General, the Piti Royal Society, and the President of the College of Severally for the time being, and certain other Porfom described in the said Act, or to be appointed under tlx hi therein contained, were appointed Trustees, and tocorponad the Name of " The Trustees of the Britofb Mmfemj' hrp tine the said Act into Execution, with such Powers sad in such Directions as are therein expressed $ and particularly iti thereby ended, that within the Cities of London or Wfrim or the Suburbs thereof, one general Repoiitory Should be m and provided for the Reception of the Collectiom asd Lfol therein mentioned, and of such other Colledioaa sudUfliu with the like Approbation should be admitted into the fat which several Collections, Additions and Libraries is MR into the said general Repoiitory should remain asdkpM therein for Public Use to all Poiterity: And Whenaufcfc Provtfions of an Act of the Twenty eighth Year dB*hfc Majesty King George the Second, intituled Am AS Montagu House in Trustees t and their Heirs, freed mijitjfi from eul Estateif Uses and Agreements, to which k at frtjtu JW limited amd appmtiedf upon Trufi to convey the Jems ktkTrft of the British Museum, for a general Repofitorjt end ufo* fsdtk Trusts as therein are mentioned\ the Capital Messuage or Mlk House heretofore called Montagu Houses situate in Grcst kft Street in the Parish of Saint George Bloomftusy, in the Coaij i MiddUftXf and the Outhouses, Buildings and Gardens bebogWi the same, were duly conveyed and allured unto sod to the Uk s the Trustees of the said Museum, by Indentures of Leafeudif lease, bearing Date respectively the Fourth and Fifth Days of/{H in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty five, and fli between the Right Honourable George Dual Earl of Helifs*WtUtam Folkes Efauire (Trustees under the said lift meatus Ad lor carrying the Trusts thereof into Execution) of tku But, and the Trustees of the said Museum of the other bti\*fiace that time the said Capital Messuage or Manfioo House td its Appurtenances, has been generally called or known brj" Appellation of The British Museum: And Whereas ihe ftp Honourable Thomas Earl of Elgin hath with great Judgment and Care, and at a great Expeace, made a mod wW* Couedioo of ancient Marbles and Sculpture, and is wflBig tw the same should be possessed by the Public s And Whereai thelaw Earl hath agreed to foil the same for the Sum. of Thirty fcstks-fond Pounds, of Condition that the whole of the to CoWta should be kept together in the BMfth AMm to ^ediwta and called by the Name of

56° GEO. III.

505

A.D. 1816.

C. 99, 100.

£s

X

Cl

a:

42;

p

K

'J3

(h

IC

3

z;

7 I

k

>*

0

0

!S

tf

U

t

i

I

I

I

4 and that the said Earl and every Person who should attain the 4 Rank of Earl of Elgin should be added to the Trustees of the 2?ritish Museum : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty' Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall and he or they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, immediately after the passing of this Act, to issue and advance the Sum of Thirty five thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the British Museum, or any Person to be appointed by the said Trustees to receive the same, which Money shall be paid without any Fee or other Deduction whatever, and shall be applied in the Purchase of the said Collection; and that the Trustees of the British Museum shall, on or before the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, require the Delivery of the said Collection; and if the same shall be then delivered to them, and they shall be satisfied that the several Statues and other Articles forming the said Collection are then conformable to the Catalogue thereof delivered in to a Committee of the House of Commons, they the said Trustees shall, on the Delivery of the same into their Custody, pay the said Sum of Thirty five thousand Pounds to the said Thomas Earl of Elgin, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns.

1L And be it further enacted, That on Payment of the said Sum of Thirty five thousand Pounds, the said Collection shall be veiled in the Trustees for the time being of the said British Museum, and their Successors, in perpetuity, for the Purposes of the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second.

III. And be it hereby further enacted. That the said Collection shall be preferred and kept together in the said British Museum whole and entire, and distingusshed by the Name or Appellation of The Elgin Collection."

IV. And be it enacted, That the find Thomas Earl of Elgin during his Life, and after his Decease each and every Person who fhaD fuccefhvdy attain to the Rank and Dignity of Earl of Elgin, (Ml and may as and when they shall respectively be of full Age, be added to and afiociated with the Trustees for the time being of the British Museum, and AaU and may ad in the Execution of the Trust now vrposed or hereafter to be reposed in the said Trustees, as fully and cftedually an the other Trunees of the find Museum axe or Audi be authorized and empowered to ad in the same.

CAP. C.

An Act for more effectually securing the Liberty of the Subject. [ift July i8jl6, ]

4 HEREA8 the Writ of Habeas Corpus hath been found by 4 W Experience to be an expeditious and effectual Method of 4 restoring any Person, to bin Liberty* who hath been unju&ly deprived

4 thereof:

Treasury 35, 0001. to the Trustees of the British Museum, to be applied in the Purchase of the Elgin CoU le&ion of Marbles.

On Payment of Purchase Money Collection veiled in Trustees,

to be kept in British Museum.

Earl of Elgin to be added to Trustees.

C 100.

56° GEO. III.

A. D. 1810.

jx Car. X c. x

IrUh Aftf ax fc aa G. 3.

Judges toifthe, in Vacation, Writs of Habeas Corpus return-able immediately, in cases other than for criminal matter, or for Debt.

$Jon Obedience to such Writ, to be a Contempt ofCoun.

thereof: And Whereas extending the Remedy of such Writ, and

enforcing Obedience thereunto, and preventing Delays in the Exe-

cution thereof, will be advantageous to the Public: And Whereas 4 the Provisiona made by an Act passed in England in the Thirty 4 first Year of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the 1 better securing the Liberty of the SubjeB, and for Prevention of Imfrifonment beyond the Seas, and also by an Act passed in Ireland in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for better fecurtngihe Liberty of the SvbjeS, only 4 extend to cases of Commitment or Detainer for criminal or supposed 4 criminal matterBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Perfba shall be confined or restrained of his or her Liberty (otherwise than for some criminal or supposed criminal matter, and except Persons imprisoned for Debt or by Process in any civil Suit) within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Ittes of Jersey, Guernsey or Man, it shall and may be lawful for any One of die Barons of the Exchequer, of the Degree of the Coif, as well as for any One of the Justices of One Bench or the other; and where any Pmon shall be so confined in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for any One of the Barons of the Exchequer, or of the Justices of One Bench or the other in Ireland; and they are hereby required, upon Complaint made to them by or on the behalf of the rei^on so confined or restrained, if it shall appear by Affidavit or Affirmation (in cases where by Law an Affirmation is allowed)that there is a probable and reasonable Ground for such Complaint, to award in Vacation time, a Writ of Habeas Corpus ad fubjtciendnm, under the Seal of such Court, whereof he or they shall then be Judges or One of the Judges, to be directed to the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power the Party so confined or restrained shall be, returnable immediately before the Person so awarding the same, or before any other Judge of the Court under the Seal of which the said Writ issued.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if the Person or Persons to whom any Writ of Habeas Corpus shall be directed according to the Provision of this Act, upon Service of such Writ, either by the actual Delivery thereof to him, her or them, or by leaving the same at the Place where the Party shall be confined or restrained, with any Servant or Agent of the Person or Persons fe confining or restraining, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to make a Return or pay Obedience thereto, he, she or they shall be deemed guilty of a Contempt of the Court, under the Seal whereof such Writ mall have issued 5 and it shall be lawful to and for the fiud Justice or Baron, before whom such Writ shall be returnable, upon Proof made by Affidavit of wilful Disobedience of the said Writ, to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the apprehending and bringing before him, or before some other Justice or Baron of the same Court, the Person or Persons so wilfully disobeying the said Writ, in order to his, her or their being bouna to The King's Majesty, with Two sufficient Sureties, in such Sum as in the Warrant shall be expressed, with Condition to appear in the Court of which the said Justice or Baron is a Judge, at a Day in the ensuing Term to be mentioned in

the

181$.

£6°GEO.IIL

c.ioa

SOT

mt, to answer the matter of Contempt with which he, i charged; and in case of Neglect or Refufel to be* i aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Baron loch Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting, to the*a of the Court of which such Justice or Baron mall be m to remain until he, (he or they Audi have become bound __ or shall be discharged by Order of the Court in Term yir bj Order of one of the Justices or Barons of the Court in in; and the Recognizance or Recognizances to be taken fm shall be returned and filed in the same Court, and shall WB in force until the matter of such Contempt shall have been iwd determined, unless sooner ordered by the Court to be dif-

Sfet Provided, that if such Writ shall be awarded fb late in the»by any one of the said Justices or Barons, that, in his i Obedience thereto cannot be conveniently paid during such the same shall and may, at his Discretion, be made return* e Court of which the said Just ice or Baron shall be a Just ice ins, at a Day certain in the neat Termand the said Court Bid mn proceed thereupon, and award Process of Contempt in iC Disobedience thereto, in like manner as upon Disobedience tB Writ originally awarded by the said Court: Provided also,

5 if such Writ shall be awarded by the Court of King's Bench, bCmtof Common Pleas, or Court of Exchequer, in the said jfries nspectively, which last mentioned Court shall have like W to award such Writs as the respective Courts of King's Bench UBaos Pleas in each of the said Countries now have in Term, filiate that, in the Judgment of the Court, Obedience thereto

£be ooKwriendy paid during such Term, the same shall and may,

Dt&rethm of the said Court, be made returnable at a Day Mb in the then next Vacation, before any Justice or Baron of the feu of the Coif, or if in Ireland, before any Justice or Baron of Jne Court, who shall and may proceed thereupon, in such man-. \ by this Act is directed concerning Writs issuing in and made file daring the Vacation.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That J crib provided for by this Act, although the Return to any \el Habeas Corpus shall be good and fumcient in Law, it shall dul for the Justice or Baron before whom such Writ may be able, to proceed to examine into the Truth of the Fads set kin such Return, by Affidavit or by Affirmation (in cases where Affirmation is allowed by Law) and to do therein as to Justice \ appertain; and if such Writ shall be returned before any One k said Justices or Barons, and it shall appear doubtful to him J'fcch Examination, whether the material Fads set forth in the Return, or any of them, be true or not, in such case it shall and i} be lawful for the said Justice or Baron to let to bail the said jab so confined or restraioed, upon his or her entering into a Re*

fclQce with One or more Sureties, or in case oF Infancy or are, or other Disability, upon Security by Recognizance, in IBfaable Sum, to appear in the Court of which the said Justice*laoa shall be a Justice or Baron, upon a Day certain in the Term Momag, and so from Day to Day as the Court shall require, and to kide such Order as the Court shall make in and concerning the Pre-&s; tod such Justice or Baron shall transmi; into the same Court.

tho.

Punifaamt.

Judges to make Writs of Habeas Corpus, issued in Vacation, returnable in Court in the next Term.

Proviso.

Courts to make Writs issued in Term, return-sble in Vacation.

Judges to inquito into the Truth ofFafts contained in Return.

Judge to bail on Recognizance to appear in Term* &o.

aioo, 101.

SS' GEO. III.

M

Court to mine into the Truth of Fad* set forth in Return.

Court may con-

fer.

the said Writ and Return, together with such Recoguzn davits and Affirzparions; and thereupon it shall be lawful for Court to proceed to examine into the Truth of the Fads set the Return, in a summary Way by Affidavit or Affinnation { where by Law Affirmation is allowed), and to order uddt touching the discharging, bailing or remanding the Party. IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority afareU trorat Truth of^||)Le proceeding may be had in the Court for controvoi Return. Truth of the Return to any such Writ of Habeas Corf*

as afbrefsid, although such Writ shall be awarded by toe lit itself, or be returnable therein.

Writ may run y. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority tfc

MatineChous^iat, a Writ of Habeas Corpus, according to the true late Ports and pri- Meaning of this Act, may be directed and run into anyCoort vileged Place*, tine or Cinque Port, or any other privileged Place within that) Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales and To Berwick upon Tweed, and the Isles of Jersey, Gtenfey and respectively; and also into any Port, Harbour, Road, Crake upon the Coast of England or Wales, although the same hoi out of the Body of any County; and if such Writ shall iffaei land, the same may be directed and run into soy Port, Harl Road, Creek or Bay, although the same should not be n tkl of any County; any Law or Usage to the contrary is apdti withstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority drift B the fevers! Provisions made in tjiis Act, touching themhagVid of Habeas Corpus, i (Tiling in time of Vacation, retunrifeWt feud Courts, or for making such Writs awarded in Tenatrij tunable in Vacation, as the cades may respectvely bappc*, rij for making wilful Disobedience thereto a Contempt of the Ca c n and for issuing Warrants to apprehend and bring before thefeif J ct31 % ' ' tices or Barons, or any of them, any Person or PerfooswOMh

obeying any such Writ, and in case of Neglrik or Refufei to w bound as aforesaid, for committing the Person or Porfexu fori ing or refilling to Jail as aforesaid, respecting the Recogsiziri be taken as aforesaid, and the Proceeding or Proceeding* tW fkall extend to all Writs of Habeas Corpus awarded in purfoac the said A 6k, passed in England in the Thirty first Years Reign of King Charles the Second, or of the fedd Ad jp» Ireland in the Twenty first and Twenty second Yean of His p Warjesty, and hereinbefore recited, in as ample and beneficial* ner as if such Writs and the fetid cases irifmg therein fed hereinbefore speciaHy named and provided for iwpedndjr.

CAP. CL

An Act for enabling the Officers in His Majesty, i Nty»* their Representatives, to draw for and receire tri Pay; and for transferring the Duty of making certain roents from the Qerks of the Cheque at His Maieft/s I Tarda to the Clerics of the Treasurer of the Navy acj same Tanks. [i

Frocefs of Contempt may be awarded in Vacation agaioft Persons di (obeying Writ* of Habeas Carpus in cases within

3» O. a. c. to.

WHEREAS by a* AA raffed in the TCitffcft '

the Reign of Hie late Majesty King the l .

intituled AnA8 for the Encouragement of

56° GEO. III.

C.10L

108

Obey, and for eftmhBJhing a regular Methodfor the punBual, fmd certain Payment of their Magee, and for enamtng them By and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Tend Families, and for preventing Frauds and Ahufee attend-P1th Payments; ana bj another A d passed in the Thirty \1onr of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act JtUe Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, Non CommiMoned pv of Marinesy and Marines, forming in His Majesty's Navy, fikt Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and'r / and by another Act passed in the said Thirty fifth Year i ? ti of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for efiahlifh imfy and expeditions Method for the punBualandfrequent r the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to wfs Navy / and by another Act puled in the Forty of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act.M nag the Funds of the Chest at Chatham, and for transiting the Aduustitiration of the same to Greenwich Hospital, and

350. 3. cal.

35 G.j. c. 94*

43 0.3, c. 119.

-w.__! of Pensions to Widow of Officers of the Navy; and by

Other Aa passed in the said Forty ninth Year of the Reign of So prefart Majesty, intituled An Act for more conveniently paying 'ASomencij on the Compqffionate Lift of the Navy, and of Half ay to Officers of the Royal Marines; and by another Act passed tdte said Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, otknkd An Act to amend the several ABs reJheBing the Payment if Wages lend Prize Monty and Allotment of Wages to Persons farming in His Majesty's Royal Navy 3 and by another Act passed w the fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-fried An Act to repeal several ABs relating to the Execution of letters of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, a His Majesty's Navy, and to mate nevs Provisions reJficBmg lie same; certain Provisions and Regulations were made resped-ng the Mode of Officers in His Majesty's Naval Service receiving their Half Paj, and receding Remittances, Allotments and Pay* Bents of certain Wages, Pay, Allowances, Pensions and Bounty looey in the said Act respectively mentioned, the Payments rhereof are by the said Act respectively in certain cases therein perilied, authorized and directed to be made /among other Per-mu) by the Clerks of the Cheque at His Majesty's Dock Yards: Vnd Whereas it would tend to the Convenience and Advantage if the Commissioned and Warrant Officers in His Majesty* Navy m Half Pay, and of Pferfons receiving Pensions on the Ordinary Lftimate of the Navy, the Bills for which are made out at the say Office, if they were enabled to draw for such Half Pay and Pensions by Bills of Exchange on the Commissioners of His Majesty* say, instead of being paid the same by Remittance Bills, in the waner now used : Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most xceBent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the '<mb Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-indent assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at the xpiration of Six Months from and after the passing of this Act, if j Officer in His Majesty's Navy, who shall be entitled to receive

49 O.3. c. 10* 55 G. 3.C.60.

Half Pay and Pensions out bo paid by Bills at Exchange.

C. 101

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

i

i

I

Representative* of deceased Officers may receive Half Pay as Officer himself might have done*

Former A£U applied*

Officers may re. ceive their Half Pay by Extra#, in manner herein

any Sum of Money for or on account of hit Half Pay, or any Persona receiving Pensions on the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, the Bills for which are made out at the Navy Office, shall be desirous of drawing a Bill of Exchange for the same upon the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, instead of receiving the same by Remittance Bill* and shall signify such Delire by Letter to the Treafuier of His Majesty's Navy, the proper Officer in the Navy Pay Office (firft Satisfying himself of the Amount of Half Pay due from the Half Pay Book in the Navy Pay Office, and of the Pen. fion due from the Bill made out by toe Commissioners of the Navy), shall certify the same upon an Order to draw (according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed), which Order flpll be ligned by the Commissioners of the Navy, attending the Naval Payments at the Navy Pay Office, and shall be then dispatched from the said Office to the Officer so desiring Payment, and such Order and Bill, when returned duly filled up to the Commissioners of the Navy, upon whom it Audi be drawn, shall be assigned for Payment on toe Treasurer of the Navy by Three of the said Commissioners, and shall be paid in the lame manner as Officers* Quarterly Bills are now paid, and these Bills so assigned shall, when paid, be a sufficient Voucher and Discharge to the said Treasurer for such Payment in his Annual Account.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the Executors or Administrators of any deceased Officer in His Majesty's Navy, who at the time of his Death was entitled to any Half Pay, or the Executors or Administrators of any deceased Person receiving a Pension payable by Bill made out at the Navy Office, shall be desirous of receiving such Half Pay or Pension by Remittance Bill, Bill of Exchange or Extract, either in the manner hitherto used or by this Act provided, for the Payment of such Half Pay or Pension, and shall signify such his, her or their Desire by Letter to the Treasurer of the Navy, requesting Payment thereof by any of the Modes afore-bid, it dual and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer'of the Navy to pay or cause the lame to be paid to such Executors or Administrators in the manner required, and that all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Pains, Penalties and Regulations contained, and now in force, in any former Act or Acts 6r in this Act, as to the Payment of such Half Pay or Pension by any of the Modes aforebid, shall be applied to such Payments, to such Executors and Administrators in such and the bine manner as the same are now or have been hitherto applicable to any such Payments, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpoies as if the same were herein and hereby repeated and reenacted.

4 III. And Whereas it may in same cabs be more convenient to 4 Officers in His Majesty's Navy on Half Pay residing near any of 4 His Majesty's Dock Yards, that they should be enabled to receive 4 the same by Extract in the manner hereinafter mentioned, instead 4 of being paid the same by Remittance Bill, or by Bill of Exchange 4 to be drawn as hereinbefore mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That after the Expiration of Six Months from and after the passing of this Act, if any Officer in His Majesty's Navy, who shall be entitled to receive any Sum of Money for or on account of Half Pay, shall be desirous of having his HaU Pay paid to him by Extract at any of His Majesty9* Dock Yards where Clerks for the Payment

56° GEO. III.

C. 101.

*11

r for the Navy shall reside, instead of receiving the same mot Bill, or Bill of Exchange, it shall and may he law* thr every such Officer to apply either to the proper Clerk rPay Office in Louden, or at the Pay Office at such Dock 'ping such his Defiie; and thereupon in case any such shall be made at any of the said Dock Yards, such I take a Note thereof, and shall at such Periods as may y make out and transmit to the Commissioners of the Navy af the Names of such Officers as aforesaid, and the Particulars a_Half Pay claimed by them respectively, together with the*Tit required in such case, which the Officer, upon his for Payment, shall furnish to the said Clerk; and the loners of the Navy, as well on receiving such Lifts as of such Application as aforesaid haring been made at r Pay Office in London* are hereby authorised and required at to the proper Clerk at the Dock Yard, where the Pay* Ik inquired to be made, an Extract from the Half Pay Book pern in His Majesty's Navy, similar to the Extrads now sent gWpe* Books, upon the Receipt whereof Payment shall be made UtOfficer of the Sum due to him, and the Amount so paid (h^ll keagjbt in Account and allowed in the Monthly Certificate in fane — sirras Payments upon Extrads from Ships* Books are

?. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons [falfely make, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be jb made, forged or counterfeited, or willingly ad or assist in wk making, forging or counterfeiting of any such Authority Certificate, or Bill of Exchange or Amgnment as aforesaid, or ffi utter or poUifh as true any such false, forged or counterfeited "* , r' f or Certificate, Bill of Exchange or Assignment, knowing to be false, forged or counterfeited, with intent to de* any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corpo-erery such Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of F, and being thereof lawfully convicted shall fufifer Death as a without Benefit of Clergy.

V. And Whereas it is expedient that the Duty of making cer- of the Payments as are by the said recited Acts authorized directed to be made by such Clerks of the Cheque as relate Allotments, Remittances of Half Pay to Seamen*s Wages, to " os payable by Bill, to Widows* Pensions, to Greenwich Pen-to Payments on the Compassionate Lift, and to King's f to the Widows and other Relations of those (lain in Fight, be transferred to and be made by the Clerk or Clerks of the irer of His Majesty's Navy at the said Dock Yards resped-7Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Expiration Six Months from and after the passing of this Act, the Duty of iking die aforesaid Payments which by the said Acts or any or br of them, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament are autho-«4 and directed to be made by the Clerks of the Cheque at His Dock Yards, shall be transferred to and shall hereafter be the Clerk or Clerks of the Treasurer of His Majesty's ^7 it the same Dock Yards respectively; and that the Allot-oft, Remittance Bills, and all other Payments aforesaid, which A? or by virtue of the said Acts or any or either of them are

authorized

Forging Certificate*, Powers, Sec.

Death.

Payments now made by Clerks of the Cheque to be made by Clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy.

C.101.

56* GEO.IIL

AM

Former Act in force.

Mo Bill subjea to Stamp Duty.

Who to have Benefit of Act.

authorised to be directed (among other IVrfona) to such Gai the Cheque, shall, instead thereof (as to the frid Ckrb d Cheque) be directed to the Clerk or Clerks of the Trafan His Majesty's Navy, at the same Dock Yards lefjpedmhi that all and every the Clauies, Provisioat, Pains, Penalties ad I lations contained and now in force in the afbrefoid Ada, withal to such Allotments and Remittance BiBi as aforesaid'aJdki ment thereof by the said Clerks of the Cheoue, (hill kqd to such Allotments and Remittance BSls as arasdUd, aim ment thereof by the Clerk or Clerks of the Tradarerof Hsljt Navy at any of the said Dock Yards, in such and tbefarir as the same are now applicable to such Allotments sad Rdi Bills as aforesaid, and the Payment thereof by such Clerics it Cheque, as fully andeffectually as if the same were haem &d to repeated and reenacted; and that such of the said Payments «i under the Head of Allotments shall be checked is is Htj at the Navy Office in London, and brought to accoaot aoddl in the Monthly Certificate, and that those coming under dal of Remittances of Half Pay and Remittances of Senaartk shall be brought to account and allowed in the lime earner il merits upon Extracts from Ships* Books.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Bill of Exdasftdk shall be drawn under or by virtue of this Act, shall ka^t* liable to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp DtfrriMI

VII. And be it further enacted, That no PersonsrfiMUt His Majesty's Dominions shall be entitled to any of tkHp and Benefits given or intended by this Act.

SCHEDULE to which this AQ refers.

FORM of the CERTIFICATE or Order for drifcJ BILL for Half Pay or Pension, and of so AW thereof, under the Authority of the Act of the Fiflfbl Year of His Majesty Sing George the Third.

HALF PAY OR PENSION.

being entitled to the Sum of (on account of Half Pay, as a in the Iff

Navy, or Pension, at the case may he, ) between the 1 and is hereby authorized to (bnf

following Bill upon the Commissioners of the Navy for the feidM

N. B. This Bill is not to be separated from the Antkdj for drawing it.

Certified C. D. (Signed) A. 3.

Treasurer's Clerk. Commissioner of tk Aq*

Gentlemen, i9

THREE Days after Sight, please to pay to or Order, the Sum of being the Anwut*

(Half Pay due to me as a in the Royal Nity

or Pension, at the case may he, ) for the time above mentwoed.

To the Honourable the Commissioners of His)

Majesty's Navy, Sonierfet Place. J

Kaq

Dasit

56° GEO. III,

a 101, lot.

Jfciy O

No.

Day of

18

by the Treasurer of His Majesty* Navy, out of Monica the Head of (Wages, tr of General Services, as tie

£ Bo £ So P Fm

IT virtue of the Act Fifty hath George the Third. — N. Bo The forging of this Bill or procuring any other Person to Jorge the same, in order to receive the whole or any Part of the Half Pay or Pension therein mentioned, is made Felony vkbout Benefit of Clergy.

fit

CAP. CII.

lid to amend the Act of the Fifty third Tear of Hia pre* bt Majesty, intituled An Act for tie Relitf of Insolvent Debtors in England; and to give further Powers to the Court Sprinted by the said Act. [ift July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His S3 G. 3.c. tax. present Majesty'3 Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of Debtors tn England; and it is expedient to amend the Sod Act, and to distinguish between the cases of such Insolvent letters who shall have been guilty of gross Injustice towards dr Creditors, and the cases of those who shall not have so con-ified themselvesBe it therefore enacted and declared by The MoftExcellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present abameot assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from In case Prisoner d after the peffing of this Act if it shall appear to the Court eftab- ha$ acted with led by virtue of the said recited Act, upon the Examination of r Prikmcr9 qjr otherwise, that such Prisoner has acted with gross been ikied tohb dbce towards his or her Creditor or Creditors, either in contraft- Discharee, unless say Debts, or entering into any Engagements, without any salt the whole of the rfpeft or probable Means of paying such Debts or fulfilling such Creditors coo-pagements, or by squandering or otherwise improperly disposing sent* ms or her Monies, Effects or other Property, which he or she k hare applied in paying such Debts or fulfilling such Engagers, cither wholly or in Part, such Prisoner shall not be entitled to ir her Discharge by virtue of the said .recited Act, unless the le of the Creditors of such Prisoner shall consent to his or her harge, or such Prisoner shall have been confined within the Walls ly Prison for the Space of Five Years, to be computed from time when such Prisoner shall have applied for his or her Dif-

ge*

. And be it further enacted, That in every Notice directed to Declaration by iren by the said recited Act, by any Prisoner, to his or her Cre- Prifimsr-or Creditors, such Prisoner shall declare that he or she is ready willing to submit to be fully examined touching the Justice of his w Cond 11ft to his or her Creditor or Creditors.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Order by tho tbh Act it shall not be lawful for the said Court to order that Court for Emu Primer Hull be examined at any Session of the Peace for the J"*000* umei of Middlesex or Surrey, or for the Cities or Liberties ofrifcn, t# so Gjbo. iXL L1 London

56' GEO* III.

A.D. 18I6-

Quarter Session* to examine Pri&jner;

and declare in open Court whether he has acted with In* justice or not

Prifaner not to be examined hut at Quarter Session of which he shall have given Notice to his Creditors.

Not to repeal former Acts, except as herein excepted. '

54 G. 3. c. 33.

Entry to be made of Quantity of Paper, Pasteboard, &c. turned out of Moulds daily.

C lOf, 105.

London and Westminster> or by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, out of Session, for any County, Riding, Division or Place whatsoever,

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Court eftmblished by virtue of the said recited Act, and the Courts of Quarter Sessions, shall examine each and every Prisoner touching the Justice of his or her Conduct towards his or her Creditor or Creditors.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Courts of Quarter Sessions for any County, Riding, Division or Place, at which any Prisoner shall be examined, shall declare in open Court whether such Prisoner has acted with gross Injustice towards his or her Creditor or Creditors, or not, and shall also certify their Determination thereon to the Court established by virtue of the said recited Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner hereafter shall be entitled to be examined under the Provisions of the said recited Act at any Quarter Sessions except at such Quarter Sessions for &ch County, Division, Riding or Place, and at such time whereof he shall have given Notice to each and every of his or her Creditors; and no Prisoner who shall not appear to be examira} pursuant to such Notice shall be brought up before any Couit to be examined without having given the like Notice at lead six Months previous to the time at which he or she shall appear in order to be examined.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to repeal or alter any of the Powers or Provisions of the said recited Act, or of another Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An As to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majestv's Reign, for the Relief of Infohent Debtors in England, further than any of the Powers or Provisions in the said Acts are hereby expressly repealed or altered respectively.

cap. cm.

An Aid for further securing the Duties on Paper and Pasteboard} and for repealing the Countervailing Duty upon Pasteboard imported from Ireland, and the Drawback upon Pasteboard exported; and granting other Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof. [ift July 1816.]

WHEREAS the Regulations by Law establifiied for fecurv V ing the Duties payable on Paper made in Great Britain 4 have been found insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby 4 intended, and it has therefore become necessary to make further

regulations for the better Collection of the said Duties; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Tenth Day ot October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard in Great Britain, shall from Day to Day enter or cause to be entered in a Book or iBooks, or on a Paper or Papers, to be delivered to him, her or them for that Purpose by the proper Officer of Excise, and kept by such Maker or Makers in some public and open Part of his, her or their

entered

[>1111

50° GEO. III;

C.10S.

515

fMlhaifet, of the Number of Sheet* of Paper, Millboard,

Milord, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and distinguiihing the kinds or Son* of Paper, Millboard,

Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Ptlrd, made or turned out of Moulds daily, such Number of Kef Paper being in such Account reduced by Calculation into ftaasd Odd Quires, and such Number of Sheet* of Millboard,

N* Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and

tend into Dozen* and odd Sheets, with their selpedive efti-

Weight, reckoning Twenty fix of such Sheets of Paper (Two

ham being allowed for waste or damaged Paper) for a Quire

Sfi*g of Twenty four Sheets when dried and finiined; and shall

or csofe such Entries of each Day's Work at his, her or their

fa Wr Manufactories, to be made and completed before Twelve

fee Clock at Noon of the following Day; which Entries shall. Entries to he de-

fa' after the End of every Six Weeks or Forty two Days, be leered every Sn

Med to the proper Officer by and verified by the Oath of such w^?ks, » verified -§

her or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button 0oOatb*

M* Glased Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively,

Mb her or their Chief Workman or Foreman employed in the rfafiboiy (which Oath the several Collectors and Supervisors Eaetfe sw hereby respectively authorized to administer); and Makers making dj Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, But- £nt5, c*; .re* Pkper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall eft or lefofe to make any such Entry as aforesaid, or shall know- officers,c. y make, or cause or pennit or suffer to be made, in any such Book Paper as afarefsid, any false Entry, or shall remove, conceal or troy any (nek Book or Paper so delivered to him, her or them as iresaid, or fail to keep the same in some open or public Part of, her or their entered Premisea, or withhold or keep the same in the Iajpe&km of any Officer or Officers of Excite surveyisg her or their Manufactory, or by any Means hinder, obstruct prevent such Officer or Officers from freely examining the same, comparing the Entries therein with his, her or their Stock, hall erase, deface or alter any of the Entries therein or thereon, ftafl upon Demand refuse or neglect to deliver in a perfect State fsdi Book or Paper in which any such Entries shall have been e or ought to have been made as aforesaid, at or after the End te Six Weeks or Forty two Days for which such Book or Paper have been delivered to him, her or them as aforesaid, or to verify une by such Oath as aforesaid, such Maker or Makers of Paper,

I Button Boards Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Pasteboard so offending shall, for each and every such xfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penaky.

d be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the P,r, Paste-f Excise, when Occasion shall require, or they may think board, &c. to b« ped or take an Account of the Stock of Paper, Mill- kePJ. ^P*1* it ton Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing refJftive* Pasteboard respectively, and of the kinds, Sorts and Quan- cuffe*, that th« ach, in the Custody or Possession of all and every Maker Officer may take trs of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, " Account iper. Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard 5 and all and every ?r, lb^lt/*rnor' er end Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, But- 105 1

GUzed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall at LI 2 all

C. 10S,

56° GEO. III. '

A.D.I816.

Makers to assist Officers In caking Account.

Obstructing Officer or refusing him Affift-ance.

Penalty.

The Edges of Paper, Paste-board, &c. may be cut before tied up.

But if Paper be divided each Piece to be dhemed a Sheet, and Reams distinguished on Labels with the Words M Cut Paper, " and kept separate from the uncut.

all times place and keep his, her and their Stock of Paper, Mill-*board, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard respectively, distinct and separate, according to their respective Class or Denomination, Sort or Kind, and in such manner that any Officer or Officers surveying the Mill or Manufactory may at all times, with the Assistance of such Maker and Makers, or a sufficient Number of his, her or their Servants, which Affi franco they the said Maker and Makers are hereby required on the Request. of such Officer or Officers to give to the utmost of his, her or their Power, correctly and without Difficulty take Account of the Number of Reams or Parcels of each Clals or Denomination, Sort or kind of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively, and be able, without the Necessity of removing or disturbing any of the Reams of such Paper, to distinguish the Words, matters and things directed to be printed, written or stamped upon the Wrapper, Cover or Label of each Ream of such Paper; and if any Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall oppose, molest, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in inspecting or taking such Account as aforesaid, or shall at any time refuse or neglect, when required, to give to any Officer or Officers such Affiftaace as afore said, or shall at any time neglect or refuse to keep his, her or their Stock of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard in such manner as aforesaid, or hide or conceal any Part thereof, all and eveiy such Maker or Makers, or Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, severally forfeit and lose the Sum or One hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of OBober it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, to cut the Edges of such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, before the same is tied up in Reams or Parcels respectively in the manner hereinafter mentioned: Provided always, that if any Paper be divided with a Knife or other Instrument before such Paper shall be tied up in Reams or Parcels (except by cutting the Edges of such Paper), each separate Piece into which such Paper shall be so divided shall be deemed a Sheet of the Ream into which it shall or is to be tied up; and that all and every Maker and Makers of Paper shall distinguish each and every Ream of such divided Paper, by marking, writing or printing in large legible Chara&ert and Words at Length on the Label thereof, hereinafter mentioned, the Words " Cut Paper, " and the Number of Pieces into which each original Sheet has been divided, and shall place and keep such Paper separate and apart from all uncut Pamper, and from all Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed £aper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard; and if any Maker or Makers of Paper shall neglect or refuse to distinguish such Paper so divided as aforesaid by the Words " Cut Paper, " and by the Number of Pieces into which each original Sheet has been divided as aforesaid, being ib marked, written or printed thereon by him, her or them respectivelf as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to keep all such Paper separate

fa and i

56° GEO. III.

C109.

517

pa from all uncut Paper, and from all Millboard, Button t Anton Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, and Paste* f Jr, (he or they so offending shall for each and every such r forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

[And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or i of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, in tying up any Ream or of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed

C Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall make use of only one and nnknotted String, and that such String shall pass over (length and across the Middle of each Ream of Paper, so that t'Kast formed by tying together the Two Ends of such String on the Middle of One of the Sides of such Ream; and that Aftmg shall pass over the Length, and Twice at equal Distances fm the Breadth of each Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, IPm Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, so itt the Knot formed by tying together the Two 'Ends of such lllg final1 be in the Middle of One of such Croilings, and on One tji* Sides of such Pareel; and all and every Ream and Reams f Paper and Parcel and Parcels of Millboard, Button Board, Piper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, which t found by any Officer or Officers of Excise tied up otherwise tea*afceefaid shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by jpOffioer or Officers of Excise.

V* And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and iakm of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed aper. Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall mark, write or print, r canfe to be marked, written or printed in large and legible 3wraAm upon the Label hereinafter mentioned, affixed on every Ream of Paper, and upon every Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, fatten P»pert Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, the ftfohe of such Ream or Parcel respectively j and if any such Make/ r Makers of Paper shall refuse or neglect to mark, write or print, r canfe to be marked, written or printed as aforesaid, on the Label f every Ream of Paper, and of every Parcel of Millboard, Button tad, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Paste-osnf, hereafter mentioned, the Weight of such Ream or Pareel, if any such Ream of Paper, or Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, otton Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall any time, on being reweighed by any Officer or Officers of Excise, foand to weigh less or more than Five per Cent. under or over the eight so marked, written or printed on such Ream or Parcel by ch Maker or Makers as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and ill and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the aker or Makers of fuen Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button per. Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall forfeit I lose the Penalty of Fifty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and akers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed aper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall as soon as any Paper, Hboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Gbzed Paper, Sheathing 'aper or Pasteboard, has been made and tied up, as is by Law in that half directed, and before it is produced to the proper Officer of rcife to be weighed and (tamped4o denote the Charge of Duty,

Penalty.

Directions for tying up

Reams or Par* celt tied up contrary to Directions forfeited.

Makers to mark the Weight on the Label affixed to every Ream of Paper or Parcel of Paste-bourd.

Makers refusing, or if Paper found of unduo Weight.

Penalty. Directions for affixing a Label as soon as the Paper, &c. shall be tied of;

518

C. 103.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

and the Number of the Ream or PmrceUthe Oafs, and other Particulars to be wot ten thereon*

Makers iitgled-Ini to do so.

firmly and permanently fix or cause to be fried with warm Paste, made of Glue, Flour and Water only, a Label made of a certain kind of Paper called Tissue Paper, or at least Four Inches fiqoare, and of a different Colour from the Cover or Wrapper of the Ream, to and upon One of the Sides of the Cover or Wrapper of each and evety Ream of Paper, and over the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of the String thereof; and shall firmly and permanently fix or cause to be fixed as aforesaid, on eacn and every Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, a Label made of the said Paper called Tissue Paper aforesaid, of at least Nine Inches square, over the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of the String thereof, and to and upon another larger Piece of Paper of a different Colour placed on the Top or Bottom of such Pareel, and beneath such Knot, and between the String and outer Sheet of such Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively; and shall write or print, or canfe to be written or printed, on each and every such Labels respectively, in distinct and legible Characters, immediately after the same has been so affixed as aforesaid, and has become perfectly dry, the progressive Number of the Ream or Pareel, and hi Words at Length the Class or Denomination and Sort'or kind of the Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, and if the Paper has been so divided as aforesaid, the Number of Pieces into which the original Sheet shall have been divided as aforesaid, and the Weight of such Ream or Parcel as aforesaid 5 and shall also write, print or mark thereon the Number br Letter by which the Mill at which such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard has been manufactured, shall be distinguiftied by the Book or Paper delivered to such Maker or Makers ana then in use as hereinbefore mentioned; and on which Label, when perfectly dry but not before, shall also be impreflVd by the Officer, after he has weighed such Paper, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, SbeathingPaper or Pasteboard, Part of the Stamp to denote the Charge of Duty, the other Part thereof being impressed upon the Wrapper of the Ream of Paper, or upon the larger Piece of Paper to which such Label is affixed, upon each Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid; and if any Maker 'or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, shall not, as soon as any Paper, Millboard, Button Bdard, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, has been made and tied up as is by Law in that behalf directed, and before it is by him, her or them produced to the propel* Officer of Excise to be weighed and damped to denote the Charge of Duty, firmly and permanently so fix or cause to be so fixed with warm Paste, made of Glue, Flour and Water only, such Label as aforesaid to and upon One of the Sides of the Cover or Wrapper of each and every Ream of Paper, and over the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of the String thereof, or shall not firmly and permanently so fix 6r cause to be so fixed as aforesaid, on each and every Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, such Label as is before in that behalf mentioned, over the Knot formed by tying together

3.1816,

56° GEO.IIL

5i§

Ciios.

xXw&ii of the String thereof, and to and upon another larger |f Jhper of a different Colour placed on the Top or Bottom \ Bred, and beneath such Knot, and between the String v Sheet of such Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, iftper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, or shall not writ* i or cause to be written or printed on such Labels respectively, tely after the same shall have been so fixed and become per-fdrv as aforesaid, in distinct and legible Characters, the prp-9* Number of the Ream or Pareel, and in Words at Length the or Denomination and Sort or kind of the Paper, MiUboard, i Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or vd, of which such Ream or Parcel consists, and if such Paper I So divided as aforesaid, the Number of Pieces into which the 1 Sheet shall have been divided as aforesaid, and the Weight L Ream or Pareel, and also the Number or Letter by which at which such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button OL Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard has been ma* dpared, shall be distinguiffied as aforesaid, every such Maker and in respectively so offending shall, for each and every such forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

V1L And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Afesof Piper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed PfriShmtluDg Paper, or Pasteboard, shall, when and so often as floor they shall receive or have delivered at or on his, her or their red Pranifes any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, led Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, which has been made chared with Duty at any other Mill or Manufactory, or which i been rctaroed to him, her or them, from any Cultomer or Cuf-. am, or other Person or Periods, mark, write or print on and dif* igmb every such Ream or Parcel of Paper, Millboard, Button md, Battoa Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard ^wdfrriy, with the Number or Letter by which the Mill is dif-gwcted as aforesaid, and at which the same was manufactured, and Nt whence received, or with the Words " Returned Paper" re-Andy, as the case may happen to be, and shall keep all such Paper, Sboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing per sad Pasteboard, separate and apart from each other, and from other Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed per, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, on pain of forfeiting for each I every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IH1L And be it further enacted, That every Maker and Makers Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, eathing Paper and Pasteboard, shall once in every Six Weeks-ke a true Entry in Writing at the Office of Excise within the nits whereof such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button

rr, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, and Pasteboard respecti vely be made, of all Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, axed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard, charged on such aker or Makers respectiyely within such Period of Six Weeks, in hid Entries the Number of Reams and Parcels of such Paper, Mill* Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper >d Pasteboard respectively, fepar^ted into and distinguifiied by the Merest Classes, Denominations, Sorfs and kinds of each, and the cal Weight of each Day'# Charge respectively, shall be iaferted

LI 4* and

Penalty.

Makers on re* ceiving Paper, See. which has been made at any other Mil!, nr which has bp en returned, shall distinguish and keep same separate.

Penalty.

Entries to be made at the Excise Office every Six Weeks of all Paper, ftc. charged within that Period^ and staring ocher particulars, to be verified on Oath.

540 C.10S. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 1SI6,

and stated Day by Day ai the same is or are damped by the Officer, to denote the Charge of Duty, and such Entries shall be verified upon Oath by the Makers of such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard respectively, or his, her or their chief Workman or Servant employed in making' the same; and such Maker or Makers shall thereupon further make Oath that no other Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respedivriv, than is mentioned therein, has been within such Period of Six Weeks (except such as may have been previously taken an Account of and charged with Duty) by him, her or them removed, carried or sent, or cauled, suffered or known to be removed, carried or sent from his, her or their Premises, (which Oaths the several Collectors or Supervisors of Ex-rife are hereby respectively authorized to administer, ) on pain of forfeiting for each and every Refusal or Neglect to keep or make such Penalty. Entry dr such Oath as aforesaid, the Sum of One hundred Pounds;

Makers travel. provided that no such Maker or Makers shall be obliged to go further Cos to make than the Market Town next to the Place where such Paper, Millboard, £ntries. Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and

Pasteboard respectively, shall havg been made for the making of such Entries as aforesaid.

If Quantity con- IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Quan-tiined in such tity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed undmed Stock>aPcr» Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard, contained and inserted in be Five per such Entries, added to the uncharged Stock of such Maker or Makers Cent, under Ac- respectively, shall at any time from and after the Tenth Day of OBnber count kept daily, be found to be lefa than Five per Cent, under and below the Account entered and kept of the Quantity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, w 01 Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sneathing Paper and Pasteboard, which shall have been daily made, and of which an Account is so to be kept as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of Excise to charge such Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively, with the Duties on such Deficiency of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pasteboard respectively, as shall be below Five per Cent. as aforesaid, according to the Average Weight of the Paper, Mill-board, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, or Pasteboard so missing and uncharged.

< X. And Whereas a certain Drawback or Allowance is by Law*made and payable, on certain Terms and Conditions, of the Duty charged or chargeable on Glazed Paper and Press Papers, actually and bona Jide used, employed and consumed in the pressing of Glased Paper < Woollen Cloths or Stuffs ; Be it further enacted. That luck

nd Prest Paper Drawback or Allowance as aforesaid shall not be made or paid, ex-W«>u!LnGWftu cePtor k muc^uch Papers as shall at the time of making the

to be produced Oath in that behalf required of the Use and Employment of such

to Officer, to ob- Paper, have been produced to the Officer of Excise attending, on tain Drawback. Forty eight Hours9 Notice in Writing, specifying the Day, Hour and Place for such Attendance and Quantity of such Paper, given to him for that Purpose by the Person claiming such Allowance, and which shall, after an Account taken of such Paper by the said Officer, have been burnt in his Presence.

XL And

uisie.

66° GEO. III.

CIOS.

SSI

*39*

*41.

i). iW he it farther ttm&ed. That from and after the Tenth Mikm dm to One thousand eight hundred and Sateen, no Maher "r ", h*

SL^rr: f0r ^1^°" nPS°"^£1 J? % ££r .t\nr

' Bvboela of a Stationer or Dealer in Paper, Millboard, Mins , Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Two'Miles any Paper or Pasteboard Mill respectively, nor shall thereof.

1 or Makers of Paper carry on the Bufioefr of a Stationer in Paper, in or on any rremifes within the Distance of fWei of any Mill or Manufactory for the making of Paper,

nd, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing for Pasteboard respectively, on pain of forfeiting for each and Hack Ofcice respectively the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; Penalty.

Uk Maker or Makers mall also forfeit and lose the Value of fclftper by him, her or them made or manufactured during gjkr of carrying on such Trade of a Stationer or Dealer as

D. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year 34 o. 3. c. so, dk Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repeal

Ilk Duties on Paper, Pafeboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Ifted Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof a keaback of the Duties upon Paper is allowed to the Universities 19aM and Cambridge, and to the King's Printers in England ti Scotland respectively, upon all Paper used in the printing of Ues, Testamenu, Psalm Books, Books of Common Prayer of

Cfancb of England, the Book commonly called or known in d&ani by the Name of The Confession of Faith, or The Larger

Shorter CoUchism of the Church of Scotland, upon certain Con-hions, and upon taking and subscribmg an Oath as therein prescribed, which Oath is to be taken by the Chief Manager of the ftefc in the Uaiverfities, and by the King's Printers in England ad Scotland respectively: And Whereas Doubts have arifeo whe-kr the Oath prescribed by the said Act is to be taken and fob-eribed by all and every Patentee of the said Offices of King's.p ,

respectivelyBeit therefore enacted. That the Oath of the SJoIficeof lag Patentee of the Offices of Kind's Printer in England or Scot- King's Primer ifiespectively shall be deemed fumcient, within the true Meaning lufficimt, under tk said recited Act, for all the Purposes of the said recited Act. recitc<1 Ad*

XIII. And Whereas it is by the said Act made in the Forty 4* G. 3.0.94. Rood Year of the Reign of His present Majesty enacted, that § xx*

0 Pasteboard shall be made in Great Britain, of or from any fatcrial or Materials whatever, save and except Paper which shall Bit been charged with the full Duties of Excise payable there*

0, and which shall not have been written or printed on, or pre-100 % tried for any Purpose whatever; and that before any Maker r Makers of Pasteboard shall begin to make any Paper into Paste-card, he, (he or they shall produce to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise all such Paper as shall by him, her or them be tended to be made into Pasteboard in the original Covers or Wrappers in which the same was charged, and having the Excise Day Stamp fair and legible on each Ream thereof, and shall take Cover* or Wrappers from the said Paper in the Presence of fed Officer, who shall thereupon take Account of such Paper, and of the Quantity and Weight thereof, and shall destroy the Duty Stamp oa each and every of the bid Covers or Wrappers; and

to

Oath of the id-

C. 103,

56° GEO. III.

A. D. 1810,

SS2

Respecting Materials from which Pasteboard is to be made to apply only to Makers of Pasteboaid. Makers of Paper, Stc. may make Pasteboard at their Mills lubjeft to Duties after mentioned.

Doty on Pasteboard imported from Irelaod repealed.

Duties on Pasteboard.

Paid by Makers.

Allowance to Makers of Pasteboard from Paper which has paid Duty.

to the Intent tfiit Inch Officer may be enabled to attend and examine and take Account of such Paper, every and all such Maker or Makers of Pasteboard shall give to the proper Officer of Excise Twenty four Hours' Notice in Writing of his Intention to produce such Paper, and shall specify in such Notice the true Quantity of Paper intended to be produced, and the Day and Hour when be intends so to produce the same: And Whereas it is expedient to confine the said recited Provisions to Makers of Pasteboard, not being Makers or concerned or interested in the Trade or Bufioefr of a Maker of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, or Sheathing Paper; ' Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the said recited Provisions shall extend and apply to such Maker or Makers only of Pasteboard as is not nor are or shall be a Maker or Makers or concerned or interested in the Trade or Business of a Maker of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, or Sheathing Paper; and it shall and may be lawful for all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Piper or Sheathing Paper, to make at his, her or their entered Paper Mill any Pasteboard, subject and liable to the Payment of the Duties respectively hereinafter mentioned, according to the Quality thereof, from or with Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper or Sheathing Paper made by him, her or them at such Mill, before the same shall have been charged with the Duty imposed on such Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, or Sheathing Paper respectively, any thing in any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Duty of Excise payable upon Pasteboard imported from Inland into Great Britain shall be and the same is hereby repealed, (ave and except as to any Arrears thereof; and that there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Hein and Successors, the fe» veral Duties of Excise hereinafter mentioned; that is to lay, for every One Hundred Weight of all Pasteboard which shall be made in Great Britain or made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Brkainf from Paper wholly of the Second Clafr or Denomination, . Fourteen Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; for every One Hundred Weight of all Pasteboard, which shall be made in Great Britain or made in Ireland^ and imported from thence into Great Britain wholly or in part, from any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper or 6heathing Paper, other than Paper of the Second Class or Denomination, One Pound Eight Shillings, and so on in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; which said Duties respectively shall be paid by the Makers of such Pasteboard.

XV. And be it further eaacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October there shall be paid and allowed to all and every Maker and Makers of Pasteboard, not being a Maker or Makers or interested or concerned in the Trade or Business of a Maker of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glased Paper or Sheathing Paper, who shall make any Pasteboard, and be charged with the aforesaid Duties thereon respectively, from or with Paper,

Millboard,

IS16.

56° GEO. III.

C.J03.

521

ton Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper or Sheath*.for which the Duties shall hare been charged and paid fkively, and which shall hare been produced and taken the Officer as aforesaid before the making thereof into "J, so much of the Duties charged and paid in respect r, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed ^8farathing Paper respectively, as shall be equal to and not in the Amount of the Duty charged and paid br such flhr Makers of such Pasteboard, upbn Oath being first made ftMaker or Makers, or his, her or their Principal Workman^tat he said Manufactory, which Oath the several Collectors '-bts of Excise are hereby respectively authorized to ad-fuch Pasteboard has been wholly made from such Duty, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper " Paper respectively, so previously produced to and taken y the Officer as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth October the Drawback payable upon the Exportation of^shall be and the same is hereby repealed, five and except Lfiears thereof, and that there shall be in lieu of the Draw. [tH Pasteboard hereby repealed bef allowed the following i; for every One Hundred Weight of all Pasteboard I be made in Great Britain from Paper, or made in Ireland led from thence into Great Britain, wholly of the Second t Denomination, and for which all the Duties imposed for or jdfit thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly earn as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Fourteen Shillings, and so iBpmks for any greater or lesser Quantity; for every One^Weight of all Pasteboard which shall be made in Great or aide in Ireland and imported from thence into Great if'wbcfly or in part from any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, I ftper, Glazed Paper or Sheatning Paper, other than Paper {Second Oafs or Denomination, and for which all the Duties \ for or in respeCk thereof shall have been paid, and which shall If Reported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Pound SriUmgs, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser

I. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by I ft imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called had shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of jft in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise ttdand shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of fk in Scotland for the time being.

frill. And be it further enacted, That the said several Duties fttdfe, and the said several Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise i Pasteboard, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, coled, aofwered, paid, recovered, adjudged and mitigated in such Idle like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties and Mack* of Excise respectively upon Goods, Wares, Merchan-*# utters and things of the same Sorts or kinds respectively Ot or right be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, record, adjudged and mitigated; and all Pasteboard and such Du* % sod Drawbacks respectively therein, Audi be and the lame a

and

Oiih by Maker*

Drawbacks on

Pasteboard repealed, and in li«*u thereof Drawbacks herein mentioned to be paid* t Sit.

Duties to he under Management of Commissioners of Excise.

Duties and Drawbacks on Pasteboard how to be levied and paid.

C. 103#

56° GEO.IIL

A.D# 18101

and are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, and to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the lute Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively, were ftibjed or liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Former Acts in Duties of Excise; and all and every rain. Penalty, Fine or For-force. feiture of any Nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever

committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise, and Drawbacks of Dutin of Excise, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Pjrovisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of thisAd#

Makers to place XIX# And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of en-

theirr uncharged abling the proper Officer or Officers of Excise to make an annual fudimamiwas a^ance of whole Quantity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board,

to enable the Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Palleboard re#

Excise Officers spectively, made by any Maker or Makers of Paper in the preceding to make so an- Year, and of the Quantity thereof respectively charged with Duty, nual'Bilance of evciy such Maker or Makers shall, on the Fifth Day of July in each Paper^ftc made Year, or at such time or times as any such Maker or Makers shall antfeharged with decline or leave off Business, or assign or transfer such Bufinefe to Duty. any other Person or Persons not being a Partner with such Maker

or Makers, on Notice being for that Purpose given by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise to such Maker or Makers, Seven Days at the least before such Account as is hereinafter mentioned shall be taken, and such Balance made, lav and place the whole of his, her or their uncharged Stock and looie Paper reduced into Reams and odd Quires as Bril hereinbefore mentioned, and Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Paftc# board, in Dozens and odd Sheets, in such manner or Order that the same may be conveniently numbered, weighed or otherwise taken account of by such Officer or Officers of Excise; and all and every such Maker or Makers shall and are hereby required, with his, her or their Servants or Workmen, to give all needful and requilite Aid and A Alliance to such Officer or Officers io numbering, weighing or otherwise taking account of such uncharged or loose Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Pa# per or Palleboard respectively, as by such Officer or Officers may be found necessary for making such Balance as aforesaid; and that such Account of the Quantity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Palleboard respectively, and of the kinds, Sorts and Quantities of each in the Custody or Possession of all and every such Maker or Makers as aforesaid, shall, upon such Notice as aforesaid, be first taken account of by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, on the Tenth Day of 0Bobir One thousand eight hundred and sixteen j and if any such Maker or Makers* or

any

56° GEO. III.

C. 103.

52 3

t Won or Persons whatsoever, shall oppose, mokft, obstru d r«jr Officer or Officers of Excise in taking such Account Hi, or shall refuse or neglect to layv place and keep his'of uncharged or loose Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pasteboard in Order as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect, when

required, to give to any such Officer or Officers Rich Aid or we, or shall hide or conceal any such Paper, MiUboard, Board, Button Paper, Glared Paper, Sheathing Paper or joard, from the Sight and Inspection of such Officer or Office flail use any Art, Means or Contrivance, to prevent any Officer or Officers from taking a just and true Account thereof, flack Maker or Makers shall, for each and every such Offence, nadlofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XX. And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year Ae Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repeal 'At Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and mod Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; all and ay Stationer and Stationers or Dealer and Dealers in Paper, are Egtftivdy required, upon opening any Ream or Bundle of Paper, ethuTth to aeftroy or cause to be destroyed the Wrapper or over k which such Paper was inclosed: And Whereas by reason

the Stamp or Impression directed by this Act being put upon Label only, it is not requisite for Security of the Duty on Paper defiroy the Wrapper or Cover in which any such Paper was in-rfScd}* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Tenth f of Oflskr, so much of the said Act as is lastly hereinbefore re-d shall he and the same is hereby repealed, save and except as to f Tine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, in-credby any Pbrfon or Persons whatsoever in respect thereof, 'or liny thereto, before or on the Day last afore said.

Otl. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and fbstoxes, impeded by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied mmgVted, by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Petty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated 'my Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint Xsrannation, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at West-gjter, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively j and it One Moiery of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety Urn or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same, mi. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by i Dudes by this Act imposed, the necessary Charges of raising and wanting lor the same excepted, shall from time to tipne be paid o the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the d Money, so paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, Abe earned to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great

Obstru&tng

Officer.

Penalty.

So modi of 34 0 J* c.ia \ % $. as requires the destroying of Wrappers on opening Bundles, repealed.

Recovery and Application ot Penalties.

Duties carried to

Consolidated

Fund.

Ifltais.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons Taking fklfe An ball be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the Oaths, a&tk which an Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Act, t any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before be pafag of this Act, in order to obtain any Drawback or Allowance

Perjury. Act may be altered, Jfcc.

Officers of Customs to have the like Powers as Excite Officers in cases of Forfeitures under the Laws of Excise; and in cases of Forfeitures under the Laws of Customs, Excite Officers to act as Officers of Customs.

Officers of the Army or Navy en Half Pay, authorised by the Trtafurv or the Commit* fioners of the Customs or Ex-eife, may make Seisures, pur-fuanc to their Warrant.

C. 105, 104. 56° GEO. III. AA

ance by this Act granted, iball be liable to the Pains and 1 to which Persons arc liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act or uj Provisions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by my Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CIV.

An Act for the making more effectual Provision for the vention of Smuggling, and rewarding Officers zAb making Seizures and capturing Smuggling Vefihj licensing Luggers employed in the North See Fithcry obliging Exporters of Exciseable Goods on Drawback! Notice of Shipment. [ift Julj x

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the Protection ofd venue and more effectual Prevention of Smugging

additional Powers should be given to Officers of Customj m 4 cife respectively to make Seizures, and that Officers on ifcfl

should be authorized and empowered to make Seizures, wi 4 further Encouragement should be given to Officers and ftrfia 4 ployed in preventing Smuggling, and to Persons giving U 4 ation relating thereto, and that the Laws relatiig In

Vessels should be amended : 9 Be it therefore enactedlyTfcfil Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice aaibfottf Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tfcphlM liament assembled, and by the Authority of the

and after the passing of this Act, every Officer of Cdbffii have, use and exercise all such and the like Powers and hi ities for the Examination, Seizure, Detention, Reran)ail fecution of any Ship, Boat or other Vessel, Cart or other Cra Horse or Cattle, or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize vUW forfeited under any Law or Laws of Excise, as are or U baj be granted, or shall or may be used or exercised in that bdi any Officer of Excise; and that every Officer of Excise Unfit use and exercise all such and the like Powers and Authorial the Examination, Seizure, Detention, Removal and ProfecutM any Ship, Boat or other Vessel, Cart or other Carriage, Hod Cattle, or Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever, forfeiril der any Law or Laws relating to Hih MajestVs Customs ist shall hereafter be granted, or shall or may be used or esed in that behalf by any Officer of Customs; any thing in thssorl other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof sowi Handing.

II, And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful k* Officer of the Array or Navy on Half Pay, who shall beuttow for that Purpose by Warrant or other Instrument under the Hand of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Ttdurjh the time, being, or any Three or more of them, or by a D<?«una from any Three or more of the Commissioners of Custonw or El cife in England*, Scotland or Ireland respectively, to seize, ritii any such Limits as shall be specified in any such Warrant or Iain ment, any Wine, Spirituous Liquors, Tea or Tobacco, oricypw hibited East Indio or French Goods, or any other Goods specifc

8f ii

IE1&

56° GEO. III.

C.10i.

f Jfedh Warrant or Instrument which may be subject to Seizure, Igy Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs or Ex* Hwhely, or any Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle or Carriages Hbpbjed in the Importation or Removal of such Prohibited ifioodt; and all the Powers, Provisions and Authorities con* Is any Act or Acts of Parliament in relation to the making*Seizure of any such Goods, or of any such Vessel, Boat, i Cattle or Carriage for being used or employed in the Import* W Removal of any such Goods by any Officer or Officers of dttoma or Excise, and to the arresting or detaining any Men ahtannefted or detained under any Act or Acts of Parliament.far dm Prevention of Smuggling, shall extend and be con*^fa extend to all such Officers so authorized as aforesaid, and m Goods or Articles which they are respectively empowered as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if j|inl Clauses, Powers, Authorities and Directions, relative fh were repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Wtt all such Officers respectively.

L And be it further enacted, That if any Officer on Half or Naval, so authorized as aforesaid, shall make any re, or shall deliver up, or shall make any Agreement or not to seize any Ship or Vessel, Boats, Horse, r Carriage, or any Goods liable to Seizure, or shall directly Hjr take or receive any Bribe, Gratuity, Recompence or far the Neglect or Nonperformance of his Duty, in re* |tft my such Goods or Articles, or Seizure thereof, every ioer therein offending shall for each and every such Offence An Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable in any Office or Employment, Civil or Mili-[ if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall give, offer or so give, any Bribe, Recompence or Reward to, or make i cofiirfive Agreement with any such Officer, every such Per*

\ fdbns shall, for each and every such Offence, whether the "Mies, Proposal, Promise or Agreement be accepted or per-I nr not, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

And be it further enacted, That every such Seizure shall be recovered and disposed of, under the Direction of the of His Majesty's Customs or Excise in England and r respectively in the same manner as if made by an Officer or of the Customs or Excise; and all Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things, contained in any Act or Acts of Par* relative to the Seizure of the like Description of Goods, or Merchandizes, by Officers of the Customs or Excise re-ely; and all Powers, Authorities, Exemption and Exceptions, 'tfi Privileges and Protedions as to maintaining or defending any for Action and Pleading therein, or any Costs thereon, in relation toy Acts, matters or things done or that may be done by any fern of the Customs or Excise respectively, shall extend and be4, conftnted and taken to extend, and shall apply to all such flfenoo Half Pay so authorized as aforesaid, and to all Seizures Me bj them respectively under the Authority of this Act, in pur. fee of any Warrant or Inftrament given under the Provisions peof, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purposes asthe said Penalties, Clauses, mattery things, Powers, Authorities,

Exemp*

Fortner A&b relating to Sei-lures extended to such Sei-

Such Offtcera making collufivs Seizures or taking Bribes, and offering Bribes.

Penalty.

Such Seiiurcs to be prosecuted under Direction of Commissionera of Customs or Excise; and the Powers,

8tc. given in cases of Seisuret by Officers of Customs and Ex -cife shall extend to such Half Pay Officers.

£28

Proviso «s to Half Pay OflF-cer» fetzing Ships liable to Forfeit, ore under fcfavi-gstioa Acts.

In lieu of the Rewards now payable, the Rewards herein mentioned shall be paid for SeU sure Si

C. 104. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 18I0.

Exemptions) Exceptions, Privileges and Protedions wert repeated and reenacted in this Act, and were made Part thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be confirmed to extend to eiveto any such Officer on Half Pay as aforesaid, any Power or Authority to seize any Ships, Goods or Commodities whatever, liable to Forfeiture under any Act or Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation.

vl. And be it further enacted, That for the further Reward and Encouragement of Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, or Officers acting under the Orders of the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* and of such Officers on Hal? Pay as aforesaid, and of all Officers acting under the Orders of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise of England* Scotland or Ireland respectively, for the Prevention of Smuggling, and of other Persons giving Information of any fmuggttng Transac-tion, the Rewards hereinafter mentioned shall, in lieu o? the Rewards now payable, be paid and allowed for and in respect of all Seizures of Ships, Boats or other Vessels, Goods, Wares or Merchandize under any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise now in force at Sea, or for being unihipped or landed without Payment of His Majesty's Duties of Customs or Excise respectively payable on the legal Importation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or the Importation of which shall be wholly prohibited; that is to &y, tf any such Officer or Officers making any such Seizure at Sea shall also arrest, stop and detain all the Persons who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Boat or other Vessel in or on board of which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized, and shall also seize and iecure such Ship, Boat or other Vessel; or making such Seizure on Shore shall also arrest, stop and detain the Person who shall be unlacting, removing, carrying or concealing such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, landed without Payment of Duty or wholly prohibited as aforesaid, and also seize and secure the Cart or otter Carriage, and Horse or Horses or Cattle used for removing and carrying the same; and such Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall take or convey, or cause every such Person so arretted, flopped or detained as aforesaid to be taken or conveyed before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, so tuat he or they may be dealt with according to Law; or shall deliver every such Person who shall be fit for and liable to be employed in His Majesty's Navy to some Commander in or on board of One of His Majesty's Ships of War, then and in every such case such Officer or Officers making such Seizure shall be entitled to and shall be paid the whole of the Value, after deduding all such Costs and Expences as aforesaid, at which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be respectively estimated or fixed by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively ordering and directing the Profecudon; and in case some or one only of such Persons as aforesaid shall be seized, arretted or detained, and brought before such Jjiftice or Justices, or delivered over for the Use of His Majesty's Navy as aforesaid, and the rest shall unavoid* ably escape, and such Ship, Boat or other Vessel shall also be seized and (Secured as afocriaid, luck Officer or Officers making such Seizure

56° GEO. III.

a to*.

58 9

|hwM ft ill be entitled to and flail he paid, after such l)edac-F j8afad»d» Three Fourth Parts or Shares of such Value as H; and in case such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, making pjafeznre as aforesaid, flail also feixe and secure such Ship,

Brother Vessel as aforesaid, or the Cart or other Carriage or Kpes, Horse or Horses, or Cattle as aforesaid, but shall not pop, acred and detain, and produce before the Justice or sea, or deliver over for the Use of His Majesty's Navy as afore-ay of the Persons aforesaid, or shall flop, arrest, detain and gee before the Justice or Justices, or deliver over for the Use fib Majesty's Navy as aforesaid, such Persons as aforesaid, or m one of them, but not seize and secure such Ship, Boat or f.YeSd, Cart, Carriage, Horse or Cattle as aforesaid, then and wjh. safe such Officer or Officers making such Seizure shall be Mm and shall be paid, after such Dedudkra as aforesaid. Two mjfeits of such Value as aforesaid; and in case any such Officer pjerrs shall make Seizure of any such Goods, Wares and Mer-Cneas aforesaid, and shall neither seize and secure the Ship,

V or other Veffei aforesaid, or arrest, detain and produce before Mb or Justices, or deliver over for the Use of His Majesty's If m aforesaid, any of the Persons aforesaid, then and in such case iQScer or Officers making such Seizure of such Goods, Wares fodsafoes only shall be entitled to and shall be paid, after such udfoa as aforesaid, One Half Part of the Value at which such it. Wares or Merchandize shall be so efti mated or fixed as said: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Prorifo where jmftoprrs of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, upon to Slot being made to their Satisfaction that the Failure of any such

veer or Officers upon making any such Seizure at aforesaid, in^

dbag all or any of the Persons aforesaid, and producing them or Arrest or Sei-9 before such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or delivering themur« was not him over for the Use of His Majesty's Navy, or seizing and £rin*to w*D!f ring such Ship, Boat or other Veffei, was not owing to any tit of Exertion on the Part of such Officer or Officers, but was officer. hj occafitoned by Refistance, or from the Violence of the Sea, natU of the Night or other insurmountable Obstacles, to grant feck Officer or Officers such further Part of the Value of such rare as aforesaid, as by them may be deemed expedient in that alf.

ill. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be R-evard to Infill for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for fonn9n* tune being, or any Three of them, or for the Commissioners of toms or Excise, under their Direction, to order so much of the ward. Part or Share of any such Seizure, or of the Value thereof sfbrvfeid, aa is by this Act given or granted to the Officer or icers making any such Seizure as aforesaid, as they may deem iper, to be paid to the Person or Persons by whose Information through whose Means and Assistance such Seizure may be or qfhsnre been so made; and that every such Reward, or Part or Shirts of Sti-baof any such Seizure, or of the Value thereof, as shall under*

' by virtue of this or any other Act be payable to any Officer Men oitb* Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Petty Officers, Seamen or Army and Nwy ri rates of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or acting under to be diftritatetd e Orders of the Lord High Admiral, or of the Commissionen for ccordin* to .56 Gxo. III. M m executing P'ocUmsdtn.

330

c. 10*.

56° GEO. Ilf.

Mi

VcfTeb liable to Examination not bringing to when required may be {hot at (firft firing a Signal Gun); and the Captain, fee. of His Majesty's Ship, Ate. shall be indemnified, haring the proper Pendant and $nfign hotlled.

Maflenof Vessels not being in the Sendee hoisting such Pendant or Enftgn. Penalty.

*4 G. 3. Seff. a. c.47.

One Half of the Rewards to be paid oa Condemnation of Seizune, and the other on Ac*

\ being ed*

executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United K of Great Britain and Ireland* fhiul be divided and distributed Proportions, and according to such Rules, Regulation* udl as His Majesty shall, by his Order or Orders in Council, cr Royal Proclamation in that behalf, be pleased to directorapj

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case anySbipij liable to Seizure or Examination by this or any other Aftrfj ment in forcer shall not bring to on being required fotodb, ! chafed by any Ship or Vessel in His Majesty18 Navy, havntgdej Pendant and Enftgn of His Majesty's Ships horded, orby* or Veflbl employed in the Prevention of Smuggling under tie! rity of the Lordb Commissioners of the Treasury, the Loci mHfioners of the Admiralty, or the Commissioners of the Cd Excise, having a Pendant and Ensign hoisted of such Defcrif His Majesty, by any Order m Council, or by his Royal Prodd under the Great S^i of the United Kingdom of Great Brk Ireland* shall from time to time in that behalf order sod <M, I and may he lawful for the Captain, Master or other ftrfci the Charge or Command of Inch Ship or Vessel m Hhl Navy, or employed as aforesaid, (firft causing a Gun to befi Signal, ) to moot at or into such Ship or Vcnel so liable ad find such Captain, Master or other Officer, and every Mad his Aid and Aflistance, or by hw Direction, shall be mlkkk indemnified and discharged from any Penalties at Damages for so doing; and in case any Pfcrfon or Mu I# wounded, maimed or kilied, by means of such firioguiM Captain, Master or other Person acting in his or their ance, or by his or their Direction, Sail be sued, nnkUtfj fees ted, or shall be brought before any of His Mbjesty'sMi the Peace, or other Juftkes or Persons having competent AdH for or on aceount of such Wounding, Maiming or Killing ad find, all and every such Just ice or Jumces, Person orPetfoij are hereby authorized find empowered, enjoined and rajnirdfid every such Captain, Master or other Person or Person* bw before him and them a* aforesaid, to Bail; auty Lnr, A| Custom to the contrary notwrthftandrng.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any ShiporVefi being in the Service of Hir Majesty's Navy, or employed aii said, shall carry or hoist any such Pendant or Ensign u it heron respectively mentioned, the Master or Person hiring the Cha Command of every such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit Sie Son J hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such manner* Penalty or Forfeiture is directed to be recovered and applied ii by an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of tin Reign d present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more eJeStal Prtv* Smuggling h this Kingdom.

X. And be it further enacted, That One Htlf Pirt of $ 4 Rewards as afimrfeid, after fitch Deduction as tforefiid, feflkj! by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respetthdybrik Prosecution shall be directed to such Officer or Officers, orotier fbn or Persons as aforesaid who shall be entitled to the fane*diately upon the Condemnation of ahy inch Seizure u aforfui] the other Half Part thereof upon the Account or Account* rem U> such Seizure being finally made up and idjufted.

fio XL /

AJX1816.1

56* GEO. UL

C. 104.

581'

XI: Aad- be- it further ac*&ed, ' That d Cell and Expincw' Expence* to be attending the Seizure, Detention, Cnftody, Removal, Prafccotion, P*'d ofgrofs Condemnation and Sale of any Shin, Boat-or other Vessel, Carriage^pr^*?*of Sal*; Horse, Cattle, Goods, Wares or Merchandise respe£tfvriy, forfeited under any Law or. Laws of Customs .or Excise, shall, except in the The King'* cases hereinafter mentioned, be paid out of the graft Proceeds arising Share of Sei- from the Safe'of such Seizure whenever such Goods, Wans or Mer- luret* chandize respectiveilv are fold; and ia case any such Goods, Wans or Merchandize (kali not be laid, but be deftcoyed or otherwise disposed of by any Order1 of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them as aforesaid, alli such Costs and Expenoes shall be paid out of His Majesty's Share of Customs or Excsfe Seizures which, shall or may be fdaed or condemned.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enaffeed, That, in all* Commissionen cases where any Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, Cart, Carriage or* °/ Customx'or Goods of what, hind fbever (kail be foiled-as forfeited under or by* Pxcifc PJL virtue of any A Aar A As of Parliament relating to His M^efk^s Stance^ of Revenue of Cifftoaw or Excise, it shall he lawful for the respective* The King'* Commissioners of Customs or Excise, or any Three or more of them4 Share of Sei-respectively, under the Bire&ion of the Lords Qommissioner* of the andJf° Treasury, if they in their Diferetioa and Judgment shall deem it ex- Jmongthe oa£ pedient so to do, to order the whole t>r any Fart of the Cods, cers, &c. not ex. Charges and Expences arising either from the Seizure, Custody, Re- ceeding the movd, Detention or Frofecudon of any fbch Ship, Vessel, Boat, Value of Re-Horse, Cattle, Cart, Carriage or Goods, whether the same shall be* aPPointed condemned or not, and also of the Costs, Charges and Expences ^[thout d^dua-

ing Expence.

r fenm the Condemnation thereof, if the same wall be condemned, and of the Safe thereof, if fold, whether the Produce arising from the Safe thereof shall be sufficient to answer the said Coils, Charges and Expences or not, to be paid out of His Majesty's Share of the Produce arising by the Sale of Customs or Excise Seizures, which have beea or Audi and may be feined and condemned, and shall pay or distribute to and amoagft the Officer or Officers who shall have made any such Seizure as aforesaid, and the Informer -or Informers, if any, by whole Information, or through whose Means or Assistance such Seizure shall be or shall have been made, a Sum or Sums of Money net exceeding the Part, Share or Proportion of such Seizure, or the Value thereof, or the Reward for making such Seizure directed by Law to be peud or allowed to the Informer, or Officer or Person making any (nob Seizure respectiveiv, ia full, without deducting therefrom the said Coils, Charges ana Expences, or any Part thereof, and the Residue of such Produce shall be paid and applied to such Uses and Purposes as His Majesty's Share of the Produce of such Seizures is by Law applicable unto.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in any Prosecution carried Expences of on in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at WtftmfjUr, or His Prosecutions Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, under or by virtue of ^-fhe King? any Order of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise in England or share of Penal. Scotland respeAtvefy, it shall he lawful for the said refoe&ive Com- ties, mtffioners, or any Three or more of them respectively, under the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, if they in their Diferetioa and Judgment shall deem it expedient so to do, to order the whose or any Part of the Costs, Charges and Expences of

Mm2 such

out

C. 104.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

49 0.3. «.6j.

repealed, and Two Justicea empowered to determine b all ca&e of 8eisure under Laws of Customs as ther now do under Laws of EidTe.

No Adioo to b brought for the Recovery of Pe* rubies, &c. unless by Order of the

or b the Name

of the Attorney General.

such Profecntion, (whether the Money which shall be recovered and paid either by war of Penalty or Competition from the Defendant or Defendants (nail be fofficient to answer such Costs, Charges and Expences or not, ) to be paid oat of His Majesty* Snare of the Penalties anting by Customs or Excise Profecvtions, and to allow the Officer or Officers concerned in such Prosecution, or Person or Persons through whom Information or by whose Means or Affiftimnr such Offences were deseated, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding a Moiety of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so recovered and paid as aforesaid; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for (amongst other things) giving Jurisdidion to Justices of the Peace to hear and determine Prosecutions for Penalties incurred by any Offence against the Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs, it is provided and enacted, that nothing in that Ad should extend or be construed to extend to empower the said Justices to examine into, hear or determine any Prosecution for any Penalties incurred by any Offence q that or any Act or Acts then in force, or thereafter to be i relating to His Majesty^ Revenue of Customs, in any case wl the same should in the whole exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, unless they should be fe empowered by any other Act or Ada of Parliament then in force, or thereafter to be made: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited Provision, and to give to His Majesty's Justices of the Peace the same Jurisdidiou in respect of Forfeitures incurred under any Act or Acts now in force, or which shall hereafter be made relating to His Majesty* Revenue of Customs, as they now have by Law in respect of any Forfeitures incurred under any Act or Acts relating to His Majesty* Revenue of Excise $' Be it therefore enacted. That the said recited Provision shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the oaffing of this Act it shall be lawful for any Two or more of His Majesty* Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, City, Division or Liberty, to examine into, hear and determine all Prosecutions for the Condemnation of any Seizure made under or by virtue of any Act or Acts. relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required, upon Information exhibited before them, for the Condemnation of any such Seizure or Seizures as aforesaid, to proceed thereon in the same manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as are given to them by any Law or Laws of Excise now in force with respect to Forfeitures for the Breach of any Law or Laws of Excise any thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts now in force to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Perfoos whatsoever to commence, prosecute, enter or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed, any Adioo, Bill, "Plaint or Information against any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures incurred under or by virtue of any Act or Acts now in force, or which shall hereafter be made, relating to either of His Majesty* Revenues of Customs or Excise, or to issue or cause to be issued any Writ or Writs of Appraisement for the

Con-

E>. 1816.

66° GEO. III.

C.10*.

539

____of any Ship or Ship*, Boat or Boats* or other Vessel

or any Goods* Wares or Merchandize whaisoever lei zed " nader or by virtue of any such Act or Acts, unless the omeneed, prosecuted* entered* filed or issued by Order of Boners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise* or by or in of His Majesty's Attorney General; and if any Action, it* Information or Writ of Appraisement is commenced* hated* entered* filed or iftiied by or in the Name of any Person Woos whatsoever* except upon such Order as aforesaid* or by or be Name of His Majesty's Attorney General* the same and all thereupon haul shall be null and void* and the Court or or Justice or Justices of the Peace* where or before whom Bill* Plaint* Information or Writ of Appraisement it I he so commenced* prosecuted* entered* filed or issued, shall suffer any Proceeding or Proceedings to be had

And be it further enacted* That all Foreign Brandy* Rum* pa and other Spirits which shall be seized by any Officer or pm of His Majesty's Army* Navy or Marines* or Officer adfcing dot the Orders of the Lord High Admiral* or of the Conifer executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the l&gdo m of Great Britain or Ireland* or under the Orders tCnmmissionera of Customs or Excise in England, Scotland or tsf icspectively* or by Officers on Half Pay, Military or Naval* sized as aforesaid* at Sea or on Shore* or having been unshipped laded without Payment of His Majesty's Duties of Customs or volt parable on the lawful Importation of such Spirits resped-

S* flaU after the Seizure thereof be lodged with the proper w of Excise* and secured and gauged and taken and kept moat of; and sifter the Condemnation thereof respectively* upon yfecotion thereof by Order of the Commissioners of Excise* (nail f&rthwith conveyed to such reipe&ive Places as are mentioned or prided in an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of ft prefect Majesty King George the Third* intituled An Act for tie Wnefedwal Prevention of Smuggling, and there redistilled* under the Hen of the Commissioners ot Excise* for the Purpose of making fcfime of a proper import Strength* and shall afterwards be sold or Kerwi(e disposed of* as directed by the said Act* and by another de in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present intituled An Act to make more effectual ProviRon for the " Smuggling* and by this Act* under the Orders of the i of Excise.

XVII. And be it further enacted* That no Goods* Wares or Merchandize whatsoever* condemned as forfeited under any Law or Lavs of Customs or Excise in any Part of the United Kingdom of Grut Britain or Ireland» shall be sold at a less Price than shall be ftpal to the Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise refjped-Wy payable upon such Goods* Wares or Merchandize respectively* rite imported or taken out for Home Consumption; and that all coademned Goods* Wares or Merchandize* for which on public Sale aPnce shall not be offered equal at the least to the Price aforesaid* and d condemned Goods* Wares and Merchandize* the Importation whereof is or shall be wholly prohibited* shall be forthwith destroyed or fold for Exportation, or allied and disposed of to such Public

other Spirits feised by Officers of the Army and Navy, Ac. to be lodged with proper Officer of Excise, and after Condemnation conveyed to Placet provided under 45 O. 3. c. 121. § 13. and there re-dittilled and afterward disposed of as directed by 47 0.3. Seff. a. c. 66. § ap.

No forfeited Gooda shall be sold at a left Price than equal to the Duties, Ac.

C. 104.

56° GfcO. III.

A.D. 1816.

5J 0.3. «

54-

itpealed.

' No Licence required for navigating fijoare 'rigged Vessel* of aoo Tons Burthen or tip-wards.

No Vessel liable to Seizure on account of her Conltru&ion; but armed Vef-iels or navigated with a greater Number of Men than allowed, liable to Seizure, fcc.

Vefleli of the

Description herein mentioned found within the Limits of any Port, or within roo Leagues of the Coa(l, noc licensed.

Use as shall be ordered by the Lords Commmissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them*

XVIII. And Whereas an Act passed in the last Session of Par-f liataetoty intituled An Act to regulate the Clearance of Vessels and

Delivery &f Coajl Bonds at Creeks and Harlouis in Great Britain ;

for exempting certain Ships and Vejfcls from being licensed by the Coni-

missioners of Customs; for authorising Officers of the Customs to feint

Spirits removing without Ekcife Petmits; and for preventing Frauds 4 in overloading Keels and other Carriages used in conveying Coair for

Exportation, or to be carried Coajl wife: And Whereas it is «pe-

dient that the said recited Act should be amended, ' Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts, that no Licences shall he reqnired from the Commissioners of the Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland, for navigating certain Ships or Vessel* therein particularly deferrbed, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

1 XIX. And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Navigation

of square figged Ships and Veffeb of the Burthen of Two bandied

Tons or upwards, without requiring the Owners thereof to take out Licences for that Purpose from. the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland Be it therefore enacted, That from and after, the passing Of this A St no Licence shall he required froth the Commissioners of the Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland, for navigating any square rigged Ship or Vessel of the Burthen of Two hundred Tons or upwards by Admeasurement; and no such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed liable to Seizure or Forfeiture under any Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the pafflng of this Act, on account of her Length, Built, Conitruftion, Denomination or Description: Provided nevertheless, that every such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, which shall be armed dr intehded to be armed for Refistance, or be navigated or intended to be navigated with any greater Number of Men than is allowed by Law in proportion to the Number of Tons of her Ad-xneafurement, shall be liable to Seizure or Forfeiture under any Act or Act 8 of Parliament in force relating to licensing of Ships or Vessels, mnlefs the Owner or Owners of every such Ship or Vessel shall take a Licence for the navigating thereof, in the same manner as if thin Act had not been made.

XX. And Whereas It is expedient that certain Ships and Vessels, other than and except square rigged Ships or Vessels of Two 4 hundred Tons Burthen and upwards, should have Licences for

navigating the lameBe it therefore enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, every Ship or Vessel belonging in the whole or in any Part to any of His Majesty's Subjests, whereof One Half of the Persons on board are Subjects of His said Majesty (and being a square rigged Ship or Vessel of the Burthen of Two hundred Tons and upwards, the Difference of whose Draught of Water forward and aft shall exceed One Inch and One Quarter of an Inch for every Foot of the Breadth of such Ship orveffel) such Draught of Water to be ascertained by a ftrdight Line along the Rabbit of the Keel, adding to such Draught of Water, forward and aft, the Depth of the Main Keel in tire Middle of the said Ship or Vessel, on the Outflde, and the DritogHt' df Wdter 'to 'be taken when the said* Ships rtr

Vessel,

£6* GEO. III,

CIO*.

690

light or loacted, shall be in failing Trim, whkh ftull I* the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, or within any^Briitfb or Irish Channels, or elsewhere, within One hun-of the Coast of this Kingdom, for which a Licence e been procured from the Commissioners of Customs ag the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be £tized Forfeited tod w or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, t Customs or Eacife.

And Whereas it is expedient for the Prevention of gling, that no open Vessel or Boat whatsoever should be ed to go to Foreign Parts, or to take or receive any Wares or Merchandizes at Sea from any Vessel coming Foreign Parts without a Licence for that PurposeBe ft i enacted. That from and after the First Day of January One Every open Vef- eight hundred and seventeen, every open Vessel or Boat, fl<* Boat dif. in the whole or in part to His Majesty's Subjests, which Foreign

nod or discovered to have been in Foreign Parts, or shall be Pm^or to have L with or discovered to have taken on board at Sea any Goods, ultra on board or Merchandizes from any Ship, Vessel or Boat coming from«Sea any Barts, unless such open Vessel or Boat shall have gone into frora. 1Dy agn Port, or take such Goods to preserve the same from r or Distress, of which Proof shall be made before the Col- pm*, without r or other Chief Officer of the Customs, immediately upon the Licence, nt of the said Vessel or Boat in a Port of this Kingdom, unless forfeited and i Boot or Vessel shall be licensed for that Purpose by the Com- fewe<1,

"Bam of His Majesty's Customs, or any Three or more of them, be forfeited, and fhalT and may be seized by any Officer or cers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, Marines or of the Customs 1 Exale; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained > the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And Whereas ft is expedient that the Commissioners His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland, or "hree or more of them respectively, should be empowered to: and limit the Operation of Licences with respect to the |Employment or Navigation of Ships, Vessel* or Boats licensed in I inch manner as they may deem proper and fit for the Security of I the Revenue, and the Prevention of SmugglingBe it therefore

ied. That, from and after the passing df this Act, ft shall be Licences to be i for the said Commissioners of His Majesty'i Customs in granted under . bglandf Scotland and Ireland respectively, or any Three or more*them respectively, to grant any Licence which shall be required d*cnJed necef. r the Navigation of any Ship, Vessel or Boat, upon such Condition &ry for Prevents to the Navigation, Trade and Employment of any such Ship, tion of Smug-Veflei or Boat, and for such Limits as to Distance from the Coast S^g. of the Unfted Kingdom, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners may dean necessary or expedient or proper, for the Security- of the Revenue and the Prevention of Smuggling; and every Snip or Boat, Ships tracting, having any such conditional or limited Liaence, which shall trade,* contrary to

w* "*2*!^ not a"*?£eed hj* fcStoed.

Lceoce, shall be forfeited and liable to Seizure, in like manner m

any respect as if no Licence whatever had been granted for such

Ship, Vessel or Boat; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of

Parliament relating to Licences, or this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

C. 104.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

On granting Licences, Owners to give Security in Treble the Value of VeflfcL

Security to be approved*

ConjmilTioners of Customs may grant Licences for Navigation of Luggers not exceeding 65 Tons Burthen to be employed m North Sea Fishery; but no Lugger to proceed beyond the DifUnces herein mentioned.

Owner ed Logger to give Se-

XXIII. And Whereas it is expedient to increase the Amount 4 of Security for Ships, Vessels and Boats, requiring to be licensed ; Be it therefore enacted, That Security shall be given by the Owner or Owners of every Ship, Vessel or Boat, for which a Licence shall be required, in Treble the Value thereof instead of in Double the Value, such Security to be given under the same Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures as provided and enacted by the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, as for as the same are applicable thereto; and the Owner or Owners of any such Ship, Vessel or Boat so requiring a Licence, shall give the necessary Security for the same at the Port to which such Ship, Vessel or Boat shall belong, and no other, and the Persons who are to become such Security for the same shall be Persons approved by the Colfr&or and Comptroller of the Customs, fumcient and refoonfible and residing at or near the same Port; any thing in any Act or Aftt of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And Whereas by the Laws in force every Vessel belonging in the whole or in part to His Majesty'a Subjests, or

whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of 4 His Majesty, exceeding the Burthen of Fifty Tons by Admcafurement, which shall be rigged or fitted as a Lugger, is, together

with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel,

subject to Forfeiture, and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty* Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise:

And Whereas, in consequence of such Limitation of Tonnage, great

Inconvenience has been experienced by Persons carrying on the

North Sea Fishery, upon the Torkftdre and Norfolk Coast ; For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland, or any Three or more of them respectively, to grant Licences for the Navigation of Luggers, not exceeding the BurUien of Sixty five Tons, by Admeasurement, intended to be solely employed id the Fishery carried on in the North Seas, between Saint Abb* Head on the Coast of Scotland, and the South Foreland on the Coast of Kent, provided that no such Lugger shall proceed beyond the respective Durances from the Coast hereafter mentioned; (that is to say), when any such Lugger is employed in the Fishery to the Northward of a due East Line from Lowefioffe Light House, and to the Southward of a due East Line from Saint Mbs Head, it shall not be lawful for such Lugger to proceed beyond the Distance of Twenty Leagues from the Coast; when any such Lugger shall be employed in the Fishery to the Southward of the fold due East Line from Lowejloffc Light House, and to the Northward of a due East Line from the North Foreland, it shall not be lawful for such Lugger to proceed beyond the Distance of Six Leagues from the Coast; and when employed in the Fishery to the Southward of the find due East Line from the North Foreland, and to the Northward of a due East Line from the South Foreland, it shall not be lawful for her to proceed beyond the Distance of Four Leagues from the Coast; and if any Lugger licensed under the Provisions of this Act shall be found beyond the Limits and Distances hereinbefore mentioned, every such Lugger shall be seized and prosecuted in the same manner she would have been if this Act had not been made: Provided always, that the Owner and Owners of every

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 104.

557

Lugger, liceixfed under the Provisions of this Act, shall, before any such Lugger proceed to Sea, or (ail out of any Port, Harbour or Creek of this Kingdom, give Security by Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of Treble the Value thereof, in the manner required by an Att passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Pro* vifiotu of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned; and to alter the Condition of the Bond direBed to he given be an Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty, by the Mqfters and Owners of Vtjfels and Boats Ucensed by the Lords of the Admiralty, with respetit to certain Vessels and Boats for which the Owner or Owners are required to give Security by Bond as directed by that Ad*

XXV. And Whereas the Regulations by Law established for

the Prevention of Frauds on the Shipment of Goods for Export*

ation, in respect of which a Drawback or Drawbacks of Excise is or 4 are payable, have been found inefficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it has therefore become necessary to 4 make further Regulations in respect thereof/ Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all and every Penon and Persons intending to export any Goods in respect of which any Drawback or Drawbacks of Excise shall or may become payable, shall give to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise of the Port where the lame shall be shipped, Six Hours at the lead before such Shipment shall be made, a Notice thereof in Writing, in which Notice shall be specified the Number of Packages intended to be so shipped, with their respective Marks and Numbers, and the Quantity and Quality of the Goods contained in each such Package, and Rate and Amount of Duty which have been paid thereon, and shall also foecify the Quay or Place where such Package or Packages and Goods are lying, and from which such Goods are intended to be shipped, and the time when such Shipment is intended to take place, and the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which the same are intended to be shipped and exported, and of the Matter or Commander thereof, and of the particular Port or Place to which such Goods are intended to be exported, and also the .Place or Situation of the Port in which such VeUel shall then lie and may be found $ and that if any Goods shall be shipped for Exportation, without such Notice as aforesaid being so given and delivered as aforesaid, or without such Officer having been allowed an Opportunity of mfpecting and examining the same in consequence of such Notice, or if such Pferfon or Persons shall not, after the Expiration of such Six Hours, or after the said Officer has finished and completed his Examination of the said Goods, with all due Diligence, and without any unnecessary Delay, ship the same and every Part thereof, no Drawback or Drawbacks of Excise shall be paid or payable thereon or in respect thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Examination of any Goods, or any Package or Packages specified in such Notice as aforesaid, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, any of such Goods, Package Gr Packages shall be found to vary from the

Description

curity in Treble its Value in manner required by 46 0.3* c. X37^ §

Regulations to be observed on the Shipment of Goods for Exportation where Drawbacks of Excise are al>

Notice.

Goods shipped without Notice, See.

No Drawback.

If on Examination such Goods shall be found to vary from Description given, and a

C.iOi;

i

greater Drair. back waul'd haft feeeu daimod than of Right due, .Good* forfeited.

Entering such Goods for Exportation.

Penalty.

45 G«3* c. hi.

47 G. 3. Seff.Z. c. 66.

Perilous detained under recited Acts liable to serve in the Navy.

Description thereof respectively contained in such Notice, higher or greater Sum of Money than of Ri^ht die M claimed, or would according to Inch Description, in ak covery or Detection had not been made, have hem, on th ation of such Goods or Package or Packages respedndj payable as-a Drawback or as Drawbacks of £xdfe mrrfpd or His Majesty m any refpdefrauded therein, iHufa Goods or Package or Packages, and the Goods ooootad respectively, shall be forfeited, and shall and may he W Officer or Officers of Excise j and the Person or Period hove entered the same for Exportation, knowing thereof, I and above all other Penalties, forfeit and Me for each a such Offence Treble the Value of such Goods, including t or Duties paid or payable thereon, or the Sam of Ok Pounds for each and every such Package, at the Eledn Commissioners of Excise, to be signified in and by the IdB to be filed or exhibited for the Recovery thereof.

XXVII. And Whereas Doubts may wife whether mjm 4 Persons who hath or have been, cxr who hereafter (bll m

arretted and detained under or by virtue of an Act vm 4 Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, vttM\ 4 for the more offeBual Prevention of Smuggling, of«i 4 passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Rein sf/ftj

ntituled An Act to make more ejf$3uihnftt1 4 Prevention of Smuggling; and who, under or bviitetdij 4 Acts or either of them, is, are or would be Huh feteM 4 into His Majesty's Naval Service, now is, are or mrW 4 be kept and detained in the said Service, by mfootkdi

not be any Person or Officer employed in His MajestyHl

Service, or authorized or empowered by Wanant to inpwJ

into the said ServiceBe it therefore eroded and deWt all and every Person and Persons who now is or ait orM or may be arretted or detained under or by virtue of ftth mentioned Acts, or either of them, and who, oaderor VfW the said Acts or either of them, is, are or would bare bra Si be impressed into His Majesty's Naval Service, k, ire ad I liable to fern His Majesty in the said Service, and to br n

detained in the said Service, in such and the fane mnw, 1 such and the same Period of time as in the said Act, ora them, is mentioned; and that all and every Arrians and I Officers and 'Officer, who by the said Acts or either of then! or would have been authorized or empowered to recriv, kfl detain any such Person or Persons as in the said Adsorb them is or are mentioned, are, is and shall be, snd«aodkb declared to be authorized and empowered so to do, in /*£» same manner, and as fully and efiedually to all latests ad I3 as if all and every such Persons or Person, Officers or Oft been authorized and empowered so to do by any Impreft1 issued for that Purpose.

A.D. 1816.

56°G'EO. III.

XX loj*

559

CAP. CV.

An Act to amend and continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of «the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally; and to grant asti allow new eountfertasling Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits imported and exported between England and 'Scotland and Ireland respectively. [ift July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty fourth Year of the J4 C- 3* c. 149W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Jin AB to regulate* continual>y ? urltil the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Trade in Sbirite 4 between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally; and which said Act 4 was and is continued by another Act made in the Fifty fifth Year 55 0*3* c.131.

4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the End of the present 4 Seffioo of Parliament; and it h expedient that the said Act should 4 be further continued, except £0 far as the same may be altered by 4 this present Act, and except Ho far as relates to the Drawbacks 4 made payable under the said Act on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and*exported from thende to any other Place than Great Britain Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the lords Spiritual and Temporal,nd Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, except as afore- (except ts here-said, shall be and the same is hereby further continued, from and after in excepted) fur* the End of this present Session of Parliament, and shall remain and ther C0M"nWd* continue m force from thence until the End of the next SefEon of Parliament*

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day Drawbacks for of OBober One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the following Spirit* distilled in Drawbacks in respect of tie Duty paid on the Malt used and con- Enskiid or fumed in the making of Spirits made or distilled in England or Scot- tolit-*' land respectively from Corn or Grain, and which shall after that time be exported to Ireland} shall be allowed and paid in lieu of the Drawback granted in the said Act hereby continued; that is to say,

Upon every Gallon of such Spirits made or distilled in that Part of Great Britain called England, and so exported after the said Tenth Day of 0Bober One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, a Drawback of Four pence Farthing at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding that of One to Four, or Twenty five per Centum over Hydrometer Proof:

And upon every Gallon of such Spirits made or distilled in Scotland, and so exported after the said Tenth Day of OBober One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, a Drawback of Three pence Farthing at the Strengths respectively as aforesaid.

Ill* And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Drawback for Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, upon the Ex- Spirits distilled i* portation of any Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, from Core or Irel"d Gram malted or tamalted, which shall have been or shall be ware- Dnv-

Jioufed in Ireland* in manner required by Law, and which shall be ^*1 by exported from thence to any Part of Great Britain after the said 54 0.3. c.149.

Fifth §8.

540

C. 105.

56° GEO. III.

Ml

SS G. 3. c iS9*

Ji;

lostead of Countervailing Duties on British or IrHh Spirit* now payable, the following to be paid.

Countervailing Duties.

Fifth Day of July, and during the Continuance of this Act, th be allowed and paid a Drawback of Four pence Faitty more, upon every Gallon of such Spirits, for and io respect Duty paid on the Malt used and contained in the maty Spirits, in lieu and instead of all Drawbacks allowed oral able on such Spirits by the said A ft hereby continued, m A ft made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled AmMM an additional Duty of Eucife in Ireland upon Spiritt adq from Corn or Grain I

IV. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the inait ervailing Duties on British or Irish Spirits mentioned is thehl hereby continued, or in any other Act or Acts, there Mbn levied, collected and paid to and for the Use of Hh Mai Heirs and Successors, during the Continuance of this Act, tael countervailing Duties following; that is to lay, 1

For every Gallon Irish Wine Measure of Spirits which made or manufactured m Great Britain$ and which tt my OH the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fidw be imported, or brought from thence under or by virtue dfq or the said Act hereby continued, into Ireland, at exceeding that of One to Four, or Twenty fmftrCeia\ Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Five Shillmgiadfafl Farthing British Currency; and so in proportion fior^tf 1 % of Strength, not being left than that of One to sass fa I Centum over Hydrometer Proof:

For every Gallon EngVtfb Wine Measure of Spirit] ri&fclI made or manufactured in Ireland\ and which at soy tift M Tenth Day of OBober One thousand eight hundred sad be imported or brought from thence under or by virtue of m or the said Act hereby continued, into that Pvt of GrtfM called England^ at a Strength not exceeding that of OaHl over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Nine SIApl Sixpence Three Farthings; and so in proportion for nj Jd Degree of Strength, not exceeding that of One to Hydrometer Proof: I

For every Gallon EngTtfb Wine Measure of Spirits which U made or manufactured in Ireland*, and imported or brought! thence under or by virtue of this Act or the said Act heroft tinued, into Scotland between the Tenth Day of OdoUr isdl Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydnsl Proof, an Excise Duty of Eight Shillings and Four pence Firtti and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not am that of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof: I

And that from the time of passing this Act, for English Wine Measure of Spirits which shall be made ormaridan in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence under arhyistj of this Act, or the said Act hereby continued, into which shall, before or upon the Tenta Day of NmskrOa^land eight hundred and sixteen, be imported and brought Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called EqM Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten ovw Hydrometer*aa Excise Duty of One Shilling and Two peaceHdfpeMT

IS\6»

56° GEO* III.

C.105.

541

# Gallon EngBA Wine Measure of Spirits which shall amnnfartuml in Ireland, and in^orted or brought from At Tenth Day of November One thousand right hundred wader and by virtue of thu Ad or the said Act.hereby no Scotland, at a Strength not exceeding that of One Hydrometer Roof, an Excise Duty of rive Shilling* arthing, and so in proportion for any greater Degree exceeding that of One to Four over Hydrometer

Gallon EngBJb Wine Measure of Spirit* which shall (adored in Inland, and imported or brought from the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred voder or by virtue of this Act, or the said Act hereby to Scotland, and from Scotland into that Part of Great sd England, at a Strength not exceeding that of One Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Three Shillings Halfpenny.

i always, and be it further enacted, That the several j Duties imposed by the said Act hereby continued on or manufadiired in Ireland, and imported from thence t§id Ad into England or Scotland, shall respectively remain payable for and in respect of all such Spirit* so im- or upon the said Tenth Day of October One thousand and sixteen.

K'And be it further enacted, That in all Trials of the Strength ft such Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Excise in any Part Jk United Kingdom by the Hydrometer called Sikes*t (a) r, when and so soon as the same shall be by Law established "bi into life, the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, r the find Hydrometer, shall be substituted and taken for A of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in - find Ad first hereinbefore reeked; and that in all such las aforesaid Twenty two per Centum above Proof, denoted by Hydrometer called Sties*s (a) Hydrometer, shall be sub-Isad taken for the Strength of One to Four over Hydrometer F mentioned in this and the said Act first hereinbefose recited; t all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under or by virtue of I last mentioned Acts, or either of them, for or by reason of fixing respectively of a higher Degree of Strength than One to W One to Four over Hydrometer Proof respectively as aforesaid, I together with the Calks and Packages containing the same, be jtamain forfeited for and by reason of the said Spirits being*"Wriy of a higher Degree of Strength than the said Strength hiper Centum or Twenty two per Centum above Proof resped-tj as aforesaid. (*) [Spelt Sykes, cap. io6. post. f so.]

yil. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Distillers of nits in Scotland for Exportation to England, nor any Distiller or Mfflkrs in England for Exportation to Scotland, or for Home 'nk or Coufumption, shall make or brew any Wort or Wash for )ififatson from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture with be fane, between the Fifth Day of July and the First Day of OBober )oe thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and if any such Distiller or shall between the Fifth Day of July and the First Day of Oder One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, make or brew any

Worts

Countervailing Duties under 54 G. 3. c. 149. $ 3. on Spirits made in Ireland to continue on Spirits imported before 10th Od<

Trials of Strength of Spirits by Sikes'e Hydrometer*

In what case Spirits, &c. fob* jed to Forfeiture under this Act, and 54 G. 3. c. 149. § 7. to remain lo.

No Wort or Wrih from Malt, See. to be brewed for Dif-tUlatton between July j and 0&x, 181&

S$* GEO.IIL

Duties to he under Management of Cnm-miHi oners of Excise.

Duties end Drawbacks how to be levied and paid.

Former Adhia ferce.

Duties carried to Conibladated Fond.

Recovery end

Application of Penalties.

AJU

Worts or Wafc from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tibs, nr any I with the frme, the same frail be so«fattcdr and toll and miybi by any Ofker or Officers of Excise.

VIII. And be it farther enacted, That such of the Duties Act imposed ns Jhatt arise in that Part of Great Britain ofedl shall be under the Management of the ComnWfionrri of Jk England for the time being; and such thereof as (kali wki Part of Great Britain catted Scotland toll be under theMnsp of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the tin* hag such thereof as toll arise in that Part erf the United Kinjim Ireland shall be under the Management of the Ctiftoms and Port Duties in Ireland*

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Dotai ad backs by this Act inrposed and granted shall respedmdy fan levied, collected, recovered and paid, in such aadthrUrana in or by any or either of the General or Special Moos, tfi Methods by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of respectively were or might be raised» levied, caUe&d, paid, and the said Persons, Goods* Wares* Merchandize modities, so by this Act respectively made liable to the or chargeable with the said Duties nrtposed or entitled to il Drawbacks respectively granted by this Act, shall bead fa are hereby made subject and liable to all and every fafltsfa Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeiture* to iti&i XVrfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commoditinsnteewi or specially subject and liable by any Act or Aftirfmot force on and immediately before the passing of this A&dfai Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Manage* si fai Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, and of 0^and Port Duties in Irelandt respectively* were or might k or liable*and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Fortdtne nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever coonM. or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in fanes oodif diately before the passing of this Act, for fecurfag the ftretf Excite, or other Duties under the Management of the WO missioners of Excise respectively, or for the Reguhdoo andimpe meat thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Diit&ou fa contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to exterito shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execotioafa in respect of the said several Duties and Drawbacks of Excise rdy ively hereby charged and imposed, in as full and ample naooer, »Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and evoy the hid A Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fine* Paw, Pad* Forfeitures were particularly repeated and reenacted is the Body this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arify if a Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Chaigetof nfaf11 accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to efakp into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and flail be arid i and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, JPeaato» Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be food for, recovered, k« or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Foil! or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by a

U

i*it. jtfGEam. aio6, io& ms

iffljRof Eseife, or By aAy A&km of Debt, Bill* Plaint ot»

Mb»n any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, '

At Coart of Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland respectively, and fe Moiety of every such Fixe, - Penalty or Forfeiture shall be his Heirs and Snceeffors, and the other Moiety td*Arm who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

And be it further enacted, That this Act nfcy be altered, Alt may be d or repealed by any Ad to be made in this present Sefliort altered» kc,

CAP. CVI. fi to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Wash L Spirits and Distillers' Licences; to grant other Duties Eea thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the ftillarioa of Spirits from Com for Home Consumption in tlondy until the Tenth Day of November One thousand hr hundred and eighteen. [ift July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty fifth Year of 15 G. 3. c.as.

V the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for

tafiag fi much of an Act made in the left Session of Parliament,

rdaUx to the Distillatton of Com Spirits in Jmall Stills, in certain

nties or DistriSs of the Highlands in that Part of Great

ts» called Scotland; and for authorizing the Commtfnontrt of

cife in Scotland to grant Licences to Persons living tn the said

mties or DftriSs to tBftH Spirits from Barley, Bear or Big, the

ovfih of the said Counties, and for imposing a Duty on such

tenets: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty 33G.3.c.61.

ird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act

r the Regwhfon of DMHtrtes tn Scotland, and the Exportation

' British made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scot*

id to England, for a limited time: And Whereas another Act

a passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of Hie present 37 G. 3* c. 10a,

ajesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty additional

toft* da DiflUleriCs in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scot-

ad, herein particularly described, for a limited time / and for

fobting the Duties on DiftiHertes in the refPeSive DistriSs m

udand: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty 39*400.3.

ith and Fortieth Years- of the Reign of His present Majesty* c.73.

itnled An Act for repealing the Duties of Exetfe on Distillertee in

odand, and on the Exportation of British made Spirits front

igland to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof;

d for altering, amending and continuing certain Acts of Parliament

r the Regulation of Deffilkries in Scotland; by which several

As Regulations were made relative to Stills and DtftiQeries in

rtain Districts of Scotland, distinguiftied from each other by

oondaries, in the said Acts respectively particularly described and

t forth: And Whereas another Act was made in the Fifty 54G.3.c. 17a.

nrth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act

n repealing the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Distillers1 Wests,

ffiritr and Licences, and for granting other Duties tn lieu thereof:

tad Whereas another Act was made in the Fifty fifth Year of the 55 G. 3* c. I55«

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue, until

be Ftfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ftxteen,

the

C. 106.

<6* GEO. UL

' A.D. 1816.

g*4

Expedient to repeal Duties of

54 G.3.ci7«-

Duties repealed.

Exception.

Instead of Duties repealed, the Duties herein mentioned to be

paid.

the temporary Fourth Part of the Duties.payable in Scotland upon 4 Diftilkrs9 Wash, Spirits and Licences» tmposed by ag.AS the 4 fourt^ tear of His present Mayefiy; and for enabling JTu 4 Majesty, by Order in Council, to modify the Operations of the fond 4 AS, or reduce the Duties thereby tmposed; And Whereas Doubts 4 have been entertained, whether the Distinction of Lowland, Highland and intermediate DiflHds, as described by the Boundary 4 Lines in any of the said Ada made in the Twenty fifth. Thirty 4 third. Thirty seventh and Thirty niath and Fortieth .Years resped-

ively, of His Majesty's Reign, were abolished by the said Two last 4 mentioned Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth .Years of His 4 fdajesty's Reign respectively, or were still to be continued and

observed; ana by reason thereof Questions have arisen, whether

Spirits could pass from any one Part to any other Part of Scotland i 4 and it is necessary that Spirits should be allowed to be carried by 4 Permit from any one Part to any other Part of Scotland And 4 Whereas it is expedient that the Duties imposed by the said necked 4 Ad, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Wort or Wash brewed or made from Malt, Corn,

4 Grain or Tilts, or any Mixtures therewith, and upon Spirits 4 ex traded therefrom, and upon Licences to be taken out by 4 Distillers and Redifiers in Scotland, should be repealed, and that

other Duties should be substituted in lieu thereof; and that further

4 Regulations should be made with respect to the Diitilladoa and 4 Manufacture of Spirits from Corn for Home Consumption in 4 Scotland' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all and fiiugular the Duties of Excise on Worts or Wash brewed or made from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part of Scotland, for extrading Spirits for Home Consumption in Scothnd; and all and singular the Duties on Spirits made or distilled in Scotland from Malt, Corn, Grain, Tilts or any Mixture therewith, for Consumption in Scotland, and upon Licences to be. taken out by Distillers and Redifiers in Scotland (a), shall be and the same are hereby repealed $ save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which shall at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on that Day. (*) [Sec the

Terms on which former Duties repealed, 54 G. 3. c* 172. § i.j

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in lieu and place of the said Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties of Excise hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, For every Gallon of Wort or Wash, brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland, from any Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, for extrading Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, Eight pence\ For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or

distilled

A/D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C.1G6. 5*3

l

diMed from any Malt, Com, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture there* with, in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Confuroption in Scotland Nine penee; The said Duties to be paid by the respective Makers' or Distillers of such Wort, Wash or'Spirits respectively: For every Licence to be taken out by any Di(tiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Sale therein or for Exportation therefrom, the Sum of Ten Pounds; For every Licence to be taken out by any Redifier of Spirits in any Part or Place in Scotland, the Sum of Five Pounds; The said Duties for Licences to be paid by the respective Distillers and Redifiers taking out such Licences respectively.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Duties granted by this Management Ad shall be under the same Management, and shall be raised, levied, Cottsdkm collected, secured and paid, in the same manner, and by the same °* v*tm. ways and means, and under and fnbied to all the Rules, Regulations,

Reflridions and Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with

and subject to such and the like Powers, Authorities and Declarations, as are provided by the said recited Act, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Management, Collection and Recovery of the Duties thereby granted,

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted by Appropriation of this Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the; Duties.

same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt _

of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster % and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Fourth Part of the The temporary

several Duties granted by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty Fourth Part of fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which were con- Duties

tinned by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the by

Reign of His present Majesty, to the Fifth Day of July One thou- fad condouod by sand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be, and the same Fourth Part 55 g. 3. c. 155. of the fitid several Duties is hereby further continued from the said § 1. further con Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and tioued till Nov, shall remain and continue in force until the Ninth Day of November x8l^'

One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and the lame, with the other Duties granted by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be raised, levied, collected, secured and paid, and be appropriateid and applied in the manner directed by the said last recited Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said DiAinaioooof

Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, Districts in ScotT all Distinctions between the High and Lowland and intermediate rclatiISiS Districts in Scotland, as described in the said hereinbefore recited Still* and D&iU Acts, or any other Act or Acts relating to the Distilleries in Scot- Lines,

land, and all such Boundaries and Difnndions between any such 'aboiiihed. different Parts or Districts of Scotland* and all Limitations and Re- 54 G, 3. c.i7*. ftridions relative thereto, shall be and the same are hereby repealed $ 6» 7*

and aboiiihed; save and except as in the said recited Act of the

Fifty fourth Yes* aforesaid is provided in relation to the Size and Capacity "of the Stills, and subject to the'Provisions of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That fippm and after the said Tresfury tm-Tetith Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen,

It shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's stUli of Inferior Treasury for the time being, by any Warrant, Order or.Instrudkm, : sb«.

' SB Geo* III. N 0 signe4

56° GEO. III.

C.\Q6.

A-t). 18(16

Treasury also empowered to

permit Position of Vessels or Utrofils now existingto re-

figued by any Three pr more of them, to authorize and, cmpoi the Commimoners of Excise in Scotland for the time being, by any Licence or Authority in Writing uqder the Hand* of any Tl&npe or more of them, to permit any Diftityer or t)i ft lifers in Scotland to mal^e use of Stills of inferior Size and Capacity to those 54 O. 3. 0.17a. respectively prescribed by the said recited Act of the fifty fourth § 6» 7* Year aforesaidJ not being less than Forty Galions, under such Con-

ditions, Limitation, Regulations and Restrictiony, as the fold Com-xniflioners of Hfo hf ajeSy'a Treasury (haQ think fit; any thing contained in the said recited Acts of thq Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to t % contrary nptwitld^nding.

VIII. And be it fptner c^naftecb That it (hau fie lawful for the said Lords Commiflipners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, by any Warrant, Order or Inllruftion, signed by any Three or more of them, to aothprize and eq}power the Qopinw-fipperp of I£xcise in Scotland for thf time being, by any Liyye or Authority in Writing under the Hands of any Three or man* of them, to permit and foffer any fixed Vefeloy Utensil of apy Qifr tiller, which has been fixed pr placed, before thf First D^y of QQofa One thousand eight hupdfed and fourteen, contrary to thy Regulations now in force, in relation to thy fixing and planing of or, Utensils in the Distilleries for Home Qonfumption in ScatU*£* tp cpntiuue or direct the whole pr foeh Part or Parts of such Vessels or Utensils as are noiy fixed or placed, to be altered to such, Extent and in foclf manner as thf laid Lords Comm/fTioners of I^is IdajestyfoTr^fory mall thiifo proper, under such Limitations Regulations, Copditiqiw, tyodifipationa and Restrictionp, as the fa^A Lords Comnriifijpners of His wfojesty's, Treasury foall think fit; any thing contained in the said recited Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty refoeftiyqly, or of this Act, or any other Act or. Acts of Parliament to thy contrary notwithstanding.

IX And be it further enacted* That it shall and may fowfoI

for the said Lords Cpipmiffiouers of His Majesty's Treafory for the time being, by aqy Warrant, Orfler or Inftfoftion, figp*4 by apy Three or more of them, to authorize and empower the Coimfopfo*?* of Excise in Sca/Jdqd for the time being, by any. Licence or Apfoo* rity in Writing under the Hapcja of any Tnrpe or, iqqrp of, thpma a|low such tixpe as they shall think fit for the Payment of fo? Duties by this Act injpofod, not exceeding Fourteen IfoyA time

the same (Kail respectiydy, become due and payable* W to tafe such Security or Securities for the Payment thereof as foe laid C&ywi-fioners of Excise ftiajl think proper; subject to such I^pu^tipp*, Conditions and Restriction* in the, said Lords9? ktis Majesty's Treafory, Ihajl think fit; any thing*W foe fold recced , AA* of the Fifty fourth, and Fifty fifth Years aforefoifo or in any A&/°r Acts relating to the Diftfllenr, to the contrary notwithftaodw* Trerfmy em- X. And be it further enacted, That it Hull and may be fowjd for power*) to re- the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Tiypfofy, for, so wwdpJB^wt, being, by apy Warrant, Order or Inftrfiction, ugiftd by a or more of them, to authorize and emppwer; th^.Q : iJ Rxcise in Scotland for the tijp$ being, jbyapy Or figBSd by auy, Three or more of foeuy so gja#ti iuefi 16*

Treasury em-poweted to give an Extension of Credit.

A.DHS16.

36* GEO. Ilf.

C.I061

vsn

Of&cess, tb be paid out of any Duties df Exctf© in Scotfaufa for Sep-vices performed by them in preventing* illicit or fraudulent Diftil-ktion, as the kid Lords Commifibnm of His Majesty* Treasury shall think proper; Aibjeft to- flieh Ruses, Dsre&ions, Conditions and Modifications, as the said Lordb Commi(Doners of His Majesty'a Treafory shall prescribe f in order to make it the Intertft of such Ex* dfe Offim that no illicit or fraudulent Distillation whatever shall take place within their respective Districts.

XI* And1 be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; every DiftiHer for Home Gonfumptioa in Scotland shall be charged with- and pay the Duties impofecT by this Act, at and after thft Rate of Fourteen Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Teti over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Waft prepared or made from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts* of the Gnu. vity hereinafter mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted* That if any Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland shall, from the Commencement to the Termination of his, her or their Licence, or when such Distiller shall previously cease working for the Season, extra#, moke, diftfl or produce from Wort or Warn prepared or made from M&lt, Corn, . Grain or Tilts* any Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of Fourteen Gallons for every Hundred Gallons of such Worts of Wuflt so (Milled into Spirits as aforesaid, every Distiller shall pay Duty for all such Spirits exceeding the Proportion aforesaid, at* and aft eft* the Rate of Four Shillings and Nine pence for every Gallon of such Ext* cess, computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, over and above all other Duties on Worts, Wash or Spirit* whatsoever.

XIII* And be it further ensued, That after the Worts, liakld to* the Duties imposed by this A#, shall have been drawn off from the Me(h Tun, it shall not? be lawful for any Distiller or other Person to throw into or mix therewith any Mixture called Lob, or any other Mixture or Subftanee whatsoever, by. which the Gravity of' such Worts maybe intrfafed; and that if, after the said Tenth Day of November One thoufknd eight hundred and sixteen, any DiftHkr or other Person shall throw into or mix with any such Wort or Worts, -after the same shall have been drawn off1 from the Me(h Tun, any lucid Mixture called Lob, or any other Mixture or Subftanoe whatever, by-which the Gravity of any such Wort or Worts, or the Waft xnadk' therefrom, or aDy.Phrt thereof, shall be increased; or (hall-mix all or' any Faitef (iich Wert with any other Wort, after the Gravity thereof1 has been afoertained and taken account of as hereinafter mentioned, > or all or any Pkft..of such Waft with any other Waft, except in'the: Jack.or Under Back hereinafter mentioned; or convey away orxon* ceal any Part of such Wort or Waft; every such Distiller or Person- guilty of such Oftenoe, or on wfeofe Frerotfes oar such Offense shaft* bn committed, ftaH for every, such Offtace forfeit and pay the Suin'' of Two hundred Pounds.

XIV. Ahd'be-it further enft&ed* Thatthe whole Quantity of'foeh Worts that are to be placed in any Waft Badch, Tun or Veffd, for Ffcnuentataon* fealiibe collected therein within the Space of Twelve Heims from and after the Commencement of running or conveying aupdPittf oF'the fssd Worts from the Coolers or other Vefsese; and all

N n ft and

Of Malt Spirits 14 Gallona to be produced for every 100 Gal* Iona of Waih:

Exceft to pay the Duty herein' mentioned.

Gravity of Worts after being drawn from the Mefh Tun, not to be increased.

Penalty.

Gravity of Walh by the Sfcchaxonwter.

348

C-ioe:

56° GEO. III.

A.IX1816.

Distiller offend -

inf.

Penalty.

No fixed Meant of Communication from one VelTtl to .another to he used.

Penalty.

WaOi necessary to charge Still to be conveyed to Jack Back.

-.Penalty.

Penalty.

and every Distiller or Distillers shall, within such Twelve Horn, make and deliver to the proper Officer a Declaration in Writing, that such Worts so collected as aforesaid are of a Gravity not exceeding Seventy five, as indicated by the Instrument hereinafter mentioned, called a Saccharometer, directed by this Act to be provided and used for this Purpose; and if any Distiller or Distillers shall refuse or neglect so to collect all such Worts within the time aforesaid, or shall ferment or mix such Worts with any Yeast, or any matter or thing for or occasioning Fermentation, without making and delivering such Declaration as aforesaid, or which after being so oollefted as aforesaid, shall exceed the Gravity aforesaid, every such Distiller or DiitiUers shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the find

Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall not be lawful for any Distiller for Home Consumption in &* land) to have or use any fermenting Tun or Vessel in which the Worts or Wash are set to ferment, which has a Communication, by Means of a Tube or Pipe or by any other fixed Means of Communication, with any other fermenting Tun, or any Vessel whatsoever; and if any such Distiller shall, after such Period, have or use any such fermenting Tun or Vessel, which has such Communication with any other fermenting Tun or Vessel, every such Distiller shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Wash used or made by any Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland shall, before it is put into the Still for Distillation into Low Wines, be conveyed in an open Trough or Trunk from each fermenting Tun or Vessel in which it shall have been fermented, into a circular or oval Vessel called a Jack Back or Under Back, which shall be placed in the Still House as near as conveniently may be to the Walk Stitt, and shall be of a Size sufficient to contain all the Walk neceflkry to charge the Still; and no more Wash shall be conveyed into loch Jack Back at One time than is sufficient to charge the Still; and such Charge of Wash shall be so conveyed into such Jack Back before the Still mall be unlocked for the Purpose of being charged; and the whole Quantity of Wash conveyed into such Jack Back, after being gauged by the Officer, shall be pumped up into an open Shute or 'Dunk, from whence it shall be conveyed into the Still; and if any Wash used t>r made by any Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland shall not, before it is put into the Still for Distillation into Low Wines, be conveyed into an open Trough or Trunk from each fermenting Tun* or Vessel into which it shall have been fermented, into such Jack Back so placed in the Still HoUfe or as near as conveniently may be to the Wash Still; or if more Walh be conveyed therein at one time than is necessary to charge such Wash Still, every Distiller so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and if the Wash, or any Part thereof, shall be removed qr conveyed from such Jack Back, before the proper Officer shall have (taken an Account thereof so such Jack Baca, or shall be kept or concealed from such Officer so any manner whatsoever; or if the whole Quantity so conveyed shall not, after such Account thereof has been taken, be pumped into the Still in the manner, herein directed, every such Di&iUcr shall for each and every such^Offetioe forfeit tod lofo the Sum of Two. hundred Pounds.

XVII, Pro-

A.D.I410. 56° GEO. III. C. 106. 549

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any such Dif- Work« already tiDer, whose Works are already constructed, wherein the Wash has cooftruded for been conveyed by fixed or close Tubes from the fermenting Tuns WaflTto be coo-into the Jack Back, shall be desirous of continuing the Use of such OB ctrtain fixed or close Tubes; it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller Condition*, to continue the Use thereof; provided that every such fixed or close Tube shall be placed higher than the Top of the Jack Back, and that upon such fixed or close Tube there shall be no Stop Cock or Interruption whatever, which may prevent the whole Wash therein from running into the Jack Back; and provided further, that upon every Discharge Cock communicating from any Wash Tun with such fixed or close Tube, there Audi be a sufficient Lock and Fattening, to be provided by the proper Supervisor, at the Expence of such Distiller; and that the tame shall be and remain always locked and sealed, excepting when the same shall be opened at the Sight of the proper Officer, who shall attend when thereunto required by such Distiller# for the Purpose of allowing the Wash in any such Wash Tun to run into such fixed or close Tube, to be thereby conveyed into the Jack Back; and if any such Distiller shall use any fixed or close Tube, or Discharge Cock, which shall not be of the Description aforesaid, or shall open, break or injure any Lock or Fattening to be provided for any such Discharge Cock, every such Distiller (nail forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penaky.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That before the Wash so con- JackBsck to be veyed into the Jack Back as a Charge for the Still, shall be pumped pupd.

into the same, if tha Officer shall, upon gauging and taking account thereof in such Jack Back, find that the Quantity of Wash so conveyed into such Jack Back or Vessel is greater than the Quantity of Wash which was previously ascertained to have been in the fermenting Vessel or Veflek from whence the same shall have been so conveyed; then the Duty imposed by this Act shall be paid for any Excefe of Wash so found in such Jack Back, in addition to thie Duty charged upon such Quantity in such fermenting Vessel ox Veflek.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Sampfcsof Officer of Excise to take a Sample or Samples of any Wort at any Wort,c. may time or times after the same (halt have been drawn from off the Mem*

Tun, as often as may be necessary, for the Purpose of afeestaining the Gravity thereof; and in like manner it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise to take a Sample or Samples of any Wash at any time or times after the same shall have been put in any Tun or Vessel, Tuns or Vessels for the Purposes of. Fermentation, or in the Jack Back for pnmping the same into the Still; and every Distiller .of Spirits'*

for Home Consumption in Scotland shall fix or cause to be fixed in every fermenting Tun or Vessel, within Thirty Inches from the Bottom thereof, a Brass Cock of sufficient Size, to enable any Officer of Excise to draw off, without Inconvenience or Delay, a Sample or Sampks of the Wash contained therein j and any fuen Distiller who shall neglect or delay so to do, after bring thereunto required by any Excise Officer, or shall hinder or prevent such Officer from taking any such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penaky.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Ioftruments to be Sacdftrometer used hi order to ascertain the Gravity of Worts or Wash, as directed to be prodded

N n S by

Me

trr|fe>rtein fhr

Gourity of Worts.

One Sxcchiro-raeter to remain at Excise Office and shewn.

On Increase of Gravity.

VpeW P«y.

Position of Tuns, &c. not to be altered.

Penalty.

Low Wine Pump and Charging Cock of Low Wine Still to be locked.

Opening Lock, for.

X&106. .wamitL AJkien

by this A &, shall be those made«the nawar of g certain {atm* ment called a Sac ch urometer, invented by Doctor Tkemfom* but (bribed, from the Maker's Name, Allen' % Saccharameter*end it Audi and may be lawful for the Comauffioners of Excise in Scad* landy by and with the Approbation of the Lprds Copamissionem of His Majesty's Treasury, and they are heneby required to provide a fudficient Number of such Saccbarometerg to be used by the Officers «f Excise acting in the Execution of this Act

XXL And be it further enacted, That one of the Ioftrumenls known by the Name of Allen's Sacobarometer, to be provided by die Commissioners of Excise as afotdiih shall be and remain at their Office in the City of Edinburgh9and (kali be ibjewa to any Distiller who shall desire to fee the same, during the Houng of Eleven in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon.

XXII. And be it further eoacted, That if, upon making trial of or taking an Account for aicertatning the Gnurity of the Wort or Wash in any Vetfci by the f«d Lnftrumeat called a Sacobarometer, it shall appear that the Wort or the Wash made therefrom shall have iucreased in Gravity since the fall preceding Trial of the femf with the same Instrument, to the Extent of Five Degrees, as indicated cm that Instrument, the Wort or Wash in any and every Arch Vdfel shall be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently altered or charged, and the whole Quantity of Wort or Waft therein shall be charged with Double the Duty imposed by this Act upon Wort or Warn.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That k (Lull not be lawful for any Distiller of Spirits for Home Coofumption in Scotland to alter in any respect the Size, Situation or Position of any Tun, Vessel, Jack Back, Still or other .fixed Utensil whatsoewr, used by him for the Purports of Distillation, or in the Preparation of any Material for Distillation, without giving Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise of his Division; and if any Distiller or other Person shall m any respect alter the Size, Situation or Position of any such Tun, Vessel, Jack Back or fixed Utensil, without such Notice, or (kail place any Substance, matter or thing at, in or upon the Dipping Place or Places of any Tua or other Vtfiel used by himj or (b*2 make any Alteration in such Dipping Place or Places*of shall do any Ad, matter or thing by which the Officer may be prevented or hindered from taking true Dips and Gauges of any Wort or Waft therein; every such Distiller so offending, or in whole Premifet any such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further eaacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of Nnvemler One thousand eight hundred and fixteem the Low Wine Pump, and also the Charging Cock of the Low Wine Still, used by any Distiller of Spirits for Home Coofumptamk Scotland, shall be locked and (baled, and opened by the Excise Officer in the same manner that the Wash Pump and Charging Cook of the Wash Still used by such Distiller are locked and foaled and opened by the Excise Officer) and proper Locks and Keys shall be pro* vided by every such Distiller for this Purpose*and if any Period shall by any Means open any such Low Wine Pump or Charge Cock, after the same shall have been so locked or fecurrd by the Excise Officer, or (kail wilfully damage the same, or the Look or

Fattening*,

JLD'ibfc.

56* am in.

C. 106.

Faftfeamgs cifety such Person ftitfl forfeit and pay the Buffi

of Two hundred POunda.

XXV* A(W be it farther That the Spirit Case or Receiver,

Alto Which the Spirits sette required to be roh dr conveyed from the Loe Wines produced from e*ch Charge Of the WVifh Still or Stiiil ofed by any DiMlcr of Spirits for Hottte Confuftiptioto in Scotland, fhdl be placed by every such Distiller M near to the Discharge of the Worm of the Low Wine Still as conveniently may be; and not hid or concealed front open View; which Spirit Case dr Receiver flwfl be sufficient to contain the whole Produce 6f Spirits to bte run front each Charge of such Still; and if every such Spirit Cade or Receiver shall not be blared in the manner, and be of the Size herein dbw&fedi every Distiller or Person offending in this respect shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred {founds*

XXVI. And Whereas the diddling Feints with Wafti is injo- rictus to the Quality of the Spirits ; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That front and after the Tenth Day of tTo*ember One thousand eight hundred and fit teen, no Distiller of Spirits for Home Cobfumpiion in Scoriaad shaft mitt any Fonts with any Wash or Low Wiries, or put any Feints into any Back or other Vessel, or Into any Sttfti in which any Wash or Low Wines shall then be, Or any Wafti into any Back or other Vessel, or into any Still where any Feints shall he, but shall* and every such Distiller ii hereby required to provide a proper Feint Case sufficient to contain the whole Quantity of Feints necessary for One Charge of the Low Wine Still used by any such Distiller or Distillets; and every such Distiller shall, immediately on the e*-trafiting thereof, run and convey all the Feint* which shall be produced from each Charge of his or her StiU or Stitts directly from such 8till or Stills into fetch Feint Case* to be kept therein under the .Lock of the Officer; ahd all Feints to be produced by any such Distiller shall be kept and continued in such Feint Case, under such Lock al aforesaid, until the same amddnt in Quantity to sech Chatge as aforesaid, and shall be pumped into the Low Wine Still as hereinafter mentioned; and the proper Officer of fixrife shall and may, from time to time during such time as aforesaid, take a true Gauge and try the Strength of all Feints in such Feint Case, and east and compute the same at the R4te of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and keep an e*act Account thereof: Provided always, that no such Distiller shall cotteR or keep at any one time a greater Quantity of Feints than is sufficient for One Charge of the Low Wine Stitt used by him or her; and that (b soon as such Quantity of Feints shall be so collected as aforesaid* every such Distiller shall and he and (he h hereby requited to give Notice to the proper Officer that such Feints are so colte&ed, and of his or her Intention to charge hk dt htf Low Wine 8titt therewith, and upon the Officer's attending ptfffaant to fact Notice, to pump all such Feints, in the Presence of rack Officer/ from and out of inch Feint Case into the Low Wine Stitt used by such Distiller, and to run the Produce thereof from such Low Wine Still into the Spirit Receiver; and any Distiller offending in any Of the Shove Particulars shall for every Offence forfeit andl pay the SttrA of TwO hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enafiled* That before making or ufoig a Composition or Mixture called Bub, of any other CoUapofirion or Mixture for inducing or increasing the Fermentation of Wort or

N n 4 Wasti,

Penalty.

Spirit Case or Receiver to be placed near to the Worm, and to be of ftim-oient Capacity to hold the Charge.

Penalty.

Feint Calk to be provided to contain Feints necessary for one Charge, See.

Officer may gauge Feints.

Notice to Officer of Feints Collected.

Penalty.

Entry of Vessels for Bub oa other Mixtures.

f5t

C. 106.

56° GEO. III.

A.DJftlC

Notice before making Mixture.

Gravity to be ascertained.

Witter not making Entry or not giving Notice, or obstructing Officer.

Penalty.

Provtta

Hot left than Nine Gallon* of Spirit* of a certain Strength may be Cent out with Permit.

WaSh, any Distiller of Spirits for Home Confiimptiod in Scmilarid shall make entry of every Vessel used by him for the Purpose of making or keeping any such Composition or Mixture, describing the same* and specifymg the Use to which each such Vessel is to be applied; and every luchDistiller shall also give Notice to the Officer of Excise, at lead Six Hours before beginning to make any such Composition or Mixture, and the Officer of Excise shall take ao Ac* count thereof in such VeSTels respectively, and shall and may at all times be at Liberty to take a Sample or Samples thereof, and to ascertain the Gravity thereof by the said Instrument called the Sac* charometer; and if the Gravity thereof, or any Part thereof so nicer-tained. shall not any time be greater than the Gravity of the Worts made by such Distiller, so limited and so taken account of as aforesaid, such Composition or Mixture shall be deemed and taken to be Wash, and the Duty hereby imposed on Wort or Wash shall be charged thereon; and if the same, or any Part of such Mixture or Composition, shall at any time be found of any greater Gravity than aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, together with every Caflc or VeSTel containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and if any such Distiller shall not make entry, or shall not give Notice in the manner herein directed, or if the Officer shall be prevented or obstructed in taking an Account thereof, or Samples as above prescribed, as often and at such times as he may think necessary, to ascertain the Gravity thereof, or if such Distiller shall refuse or neglett to remove and put all such first mentioned Mixture or Composition unto his or her fermenting Tuns, and mix the same with the Wort therein as aforesaid, every such Distiller so offending in any of the above Particulars, or in whose Premises ay, such Offence shall be committed. shall forfeit and pay the Sura of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that if any such Distiller shall, within Thirty Hours after such Composition or Mixture shall have been begun to be made, remove and put the whole thereof unto his or her fermenting Tun or Tuns, and mix the lame therein with the Wort or WaSh in such Tun or Tuns, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, or if such Officer shall afterwards find any Increase of WaSh in the fermenting Tun or Tuns into which such Distiller or Distillera shall declare such Composition or Mixture to have been put within such time as aforesaid, equal to the Amount thereof and arising therefrom, the same shall be charged with Duty therein as Part bf the WaSh made in such Tun or Tuns respectively, and not distinctly and separately therefrom.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scat* land to fell aBd send out, accompanied with a true and lawful Permit, to any Person or Perfoos, not being a Redifier or Compounder, of British Spirits, any Quantity of Spirits in any Calk or Package not containing less than Nine Gallons of. Spirits of a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, nor less than One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, on pain of forfeiting all Spirits fold or sent out contrary hereto, with the Calks or other Packages containing the same, and all Horses, Cattle, Carriages and Boats made use of in removing such Spirits, which may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or of Excise,

XXIX, And

A.D. 1816*

56° GEO. III.

a 106.

933

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Trials of Strength Adjusting the

of any Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Excise under this Act, 8tr«ngih*of by the Hydrometer called Sykes9* (a) Hydrometer, when and so soon S^eter* " as the same shall he by Law established and brought into use, the Strength of Eight ter Centum above Proof, denoted by the said

Hydrometer, shall oe substituted and taken for the Strength of

One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in this Act; and that the Strength of Seventeen per Centum under Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, shall be substituted and taken for the Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in this Act. (a) Spelt Sikes, cap. lof. ante*

XXX. And be it farther enacted, That if any Distiller or Stills not to

Diffcillen shall work or charge any Still or Stills on the Lord's Day worktd on

commonly called Sunday; (that is to say), if any Still or Stills shall 8und, yfc not be completely discharged and worked off at or before Eleven of

the Clock on Saturday Night, and shall not continue uncharged until One of the Clock on Monday Morning following \ or if any Still or Stills shall be found charged or at work, or filled with any thing other than Water, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night and One of the Clock on Monday Morning, then every Inch l)iftiller or Distillers in whose Premises such Offence shall be committed shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Psasky. Pounds, besides being liable in every other Pain or Penalty in Law for breaking the Lord's Day.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and lUcowy tad Forfeitures by this Act imposed shall be sued for, mitigated, reco- p^S?1*00 vered, levied and distributed, in the manner in which Fines, Pe- e* nalties and Forfeitures are directed to be sued for, mitigated, reco->

vered, levied and distributed, by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Licence under any Distiller for Home Consumption in Scotland to make entry in the manner directed by Law, and apply for a Licence under the Authority of this Act, at any time not exceeding Ten Days preceding the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and upon such Licence being granted to such Distiller, it shall and may be lawful for him or her to prepare Worts and Wash for Distillation in the manner directed by this Act, but not to begin to distil any Part of such Worts or Wash until the said Tenth Day of Novanber One thousand eight hundred and sixteen:

Provided always, that if such Distiller so applying for such Licence shall hate obtained a Licence pnrfuant to the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefect Majesty, it shall be made mamfeft to the said Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or to the Person or Persons authorized by them to grant such Licences, that all the Worts or Wash prepared by any such Distiller under his current Licence, shall have been diftuled into Spirits, before any Licence shall be granted to such Distiller under the Authority of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Every Licence lawful for any Distiller to apply for a Licence under the Authority to expire on the of this Act at any time of the Year after the said Tenth Day of* November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen but every Licence granted under the Authority of this Act shall expire on the

Ninth

SS4

C106, 107.

5G° GEO. m.

A.D. 1816L

$A G.3. c.17*. to remain in force.

Commencement

AS may be altered, &c.

55 G.3.C.184. Schi Pan the ThH tit. Inventory.

Ninth Buy November toimediarely subsequent ft* the Day rf the GoAmencannent of Inch Licence.

XXXIV. And be k enaAfed, Ttmt the fad maced AA of the

Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His pnefent Majesty fhsdl remain cod continue in force, awd be in nil rtfpeAs mud ftfvpbed

for raffing and paying the Duties hereby ittpoftd, excepting fb fer as the said Act ie hereby altered, as fully and effeAually to all In-tents and Porposes as if the same were repented and contained in tic prrfent A A.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence upon

and Continuance and from the Tenth Day of November Otoe thonlhnd eight hundred of Act. and sixteen, and shall continue In force until the Tenth Dty of

November One thonfatid eight hundred and eighteen.

XXXVIi And be it further enacted* That this Act may be ah tered, varied or repealed by any Act to be pifiad in thin prtfew Session of Parliament.

CAP. CVIL

An Act to amend an Act of the last Seffibti of Parliament relating to Stamp Duties in Great Britain, so far Os relates to Inventories to be exhibited and recorded in any CommtAary Court in Scotland. [ift July 1816.]

4 TT7 HEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of Hit

Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Stamp 4 Duties oft Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed 4 Ihftrvtticnts9 and the Duties oh Fire Ihfurantis9and oh Legacies 4 and Succtffions to Perfohal Estate upon Inteflacies9 now payable in 4 Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof certain 4 ad valorem Duties were imposed upon Inventories to be exhibited 4 and recorded in any Ccwuniffaty Court in Scotland\ of the Effete

and EffeAs of Demos Who shall have died after the Tenth Day 4 Of October One thousand eight hundred and eight: And Whereas 4 it is expedient to relieve certain additional Inventories from foeh ad 4 valorem Duties Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and With the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present PaftfauUeot assembled, and by the Authority of the same* That from and after the passing of this Act, where Inventories of the Petfood or Moveable Effete and EffeAs of Persons deceased shall hate been exhibited and recorded in any ComMiflary Court in Scotland* prior to A# Fifft Day of September One themfand eight hundred and fifteen, pursuant to the Directions of arid duly ftartiped ad required by the AA passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Mrijesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties Oh Deedsi Law Pro-Ceedhtgs and other written or printed Ihjlrumentt9 and the Duties On Legacies and Succjftohs to Personal Estate upon IhtC/ladei, now fdp-dbU in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieh tbefOof; and in consequence of the subsequent Discovery of other EffeASr ldrigfctg to the same Perftms, additional Inventories thereof shall hereafter be exhibited and recorded puriuant to the Directions of the same A A, ail Inch additional Inventories shall be exempted front the said act valorem Duties granted by the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year Of His Majesty's Reign, and that foeh of the said additional

Inventories

Certain additional Inventories exhibited in the CommilTary Count in Scotland exempted.

AJX 181€.

so* geg.hl

CLIO*

US

Inventories as would not have been liable under the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in case the same had been exhibited and recorded prior to the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen So a Stamp Duty of greater Amount than the Duty already paid upon any former Inventories exhibited and recorded of the Estate and Effects of the lame Persons, shall be wholly exempted from Sump Duty; and that for and in Additional Io-iwfped of such of the bid additional Inventories as would have been lijMs

Jmbie under the bid Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's°*"* % \ t Reign, sa case the same had been exhibited and recorded prior to the Duty,

[ First Day of September Owe thoubnd eight hundred and fifteen, to shall be charged

[ a Stamp Duty of greater Amount than the Duty already paid upon with that Duty

r rawer Inventories exhibited and recorded of the Efttte and

i of the feme Persons, there shall be raised, levied and paid,

unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Snccettorl, such and the same Duty only as loch additional Inventories would have been subject and liable to under the said last mentioned Act.

II. And be it further eoaded. That the bid Duties hereby granted Duty under ball be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of ^°">^0PC1>

1 Stamps in Great Britain, which bid Commissionera and the major t Part of them are hereby empowered and required to provide proper

( and sufficient Stamps or Dies for expressing and denoting the said

Duties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof respectively, upon the Vellum, Parchment or Paper chargeable therewith, and to alter and renew the same from time to time as Occasion shall require, and ' also to employ such Officers and Persons under them, and to do all, such other Acts and things as shall be thought necessary or expedient for effectually raising and collecting the bid Duties hereby granted,

' and for putting this Act into Execution, in the like and in as foU ample manner as they or any former Commissionera are or have been authorized to do for the raising and collecting of any format Stamp Duties, or for putting into Execution any Ad or Act of Parliament relating thereto.

III. And be it further eoacted, That all the Powers, Prorifiont, p#wcrt rf Clauses, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and (°^e*A?, re' Penalties contained in and imposed by any former Act or Acts of toU^J|te<|M] £ Parliament relating to any Stamp Duties, shall be of foil force and a6L

effect with respect to the Duties hereby granted as for as the same are or ball be applicable, and shall be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution, for the raising, levying, collecting and securing of the bid Duties hereby granted and otherwise relating thereto, aa*folly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had beta herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said Duties hereby granted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise from Application of the Duties granted by this Act shall be paid, applied and disposed Duty.

of in the same manner as the Duties from which the bid Leases and Inventories are hereby exempted would have been payable and applicable in ode this Act had not been made.

CAP.

C. 108.

36" GEO. III.

A.D. 1M

4JO.3. c.81. 8th. (B.)

Drawback under noted AA to cease.

43 O.3. c. 81. Sch. fA.) dt. Irish Beer, Ale or Mum.

J0O.3.C.34.

cap. cvm.

An Act to repeal certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties of Excise on Beer and Malt; to alter the Drawbacks 00 Plate Glass, and to prevent Frauds therein.

[lft July 1816.]

WHEREAS by ao A d made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for grmtm 4 to His Majesty, until Twelve Mouths rfter the Ratification of ft 4 Definitive Treaty of Peace % certain additional Duties of Excijtk 4 Great Britain, a Drawback is granted and allowed of Four Shi 4 lings and Eleven pence for every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ah 4 brewed or made in Great Britain, above Eighteen Shillings dr 4 Barrel exclusive of the Duty, and not being Two penny Ale,

4 mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of 4 Union with Scotland, which shall be duly exported to Forep 4 Parts as Merchandize, and which shall be proved to hate ben 4 brewed after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three: And Whereas several of the Duties imposed by tie 1 4 said Act were by subse^uent Acts continued until the Fifth Day'4 of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen (a), and kraal 4 of such Duties have been and are further continued, but the Duty 1 4 on Malt thereby imposed will cease and expire on the Fifth Day of j 4 July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and Doubt* nay 4 arise whether by the Continuance of such Duties as aforesaid, the said Drawback in respect of the Exportation of Beer is also coatinned For the Prevention and Removal of such Doubts, be it declared and enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by id with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Drawback in respect of the Exportation of Beer does and shall wholly cease and expire on tk Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fixteeo, and shall be no longer paid or payable, any thing in any other Act or Acts of Parliament in the present or any other Session of Parliamest to the contrary notwithstanding. (a) [5c G. 3. r.27.]

4 II. And Whereas by the said recited Act a Countervailing 4 Duty of Excise of Four Shillings $nd Eleven pence is imposed for every Barrel confiding of Thirty fix Gallons English Beer Mo> sure, of Irish Beer, Ale or Mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain, diredlv from Ireland, and the said Duty has bees since continued and is now in force: And Whereas by a cextaii other Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforesaid, intituled An Act for allowing the Exportation of British and Irish nodi Malt from One Part of the United Kingdom to the other, a Countervailing Duty of Excise of Four Shillings and Four pence ii imposed for every Bushel of Malt unground made in Ireland and imported directly from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England} and another Countervailing Duty of Excise of Three Shillings and Eight pence and Ten Twentieths of a Farthing is also by the said last mentioned Act imposed for every Bushel of such Malt made in Ireland and imported directly from thence into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and by the said lad mentioned

13-

A. D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

557

C.108.

Act a Drawback of Four Shillings and Four pence is allowed for every Bushel of Malt made in that Part of Great Britain 4 called England, for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect

thereof shall have been fully paid and exported from thence to 4 Ireland unground; and another Drawback of Three Shillings and

Eight pence and Ten Twentieths of a Farthing is allowed for every 4 Bushel of Malt made from Barley or any other Corn or Grain

except Beer or Bigg in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

4 for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have 4 been paid and exported from thence to Ireland unground s And 4 Whereas in consequence of the Cessation of the Duty of Excise /

4 upon Malt made in Great Britain, imposed by the said Act made

in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, it is expedient to 4 repeal the said Countervailing Duty imposed by the said Act of

the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, imposed on Irish Beer*

4 Ale or Mum imported into Great Britain, and also Two shillings 4 fer Bushel of the said several Countervailing Duties respectively ' imposed by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign afore- said, on Malt imported into England or Scotland respectively from Ireland, and Two Shillings per Bushel of the Drawbacks respectively, granted and allowed by the lait mentioned Act, in respect 4 of Malt exported from England or Scotland respectively to Ire-

4 landBe it therefore 'enacted, That from and after the said Fifth CountemiUng Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the said Coun- JJ1*7 tervailing Duty imposed by the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, imposed on Irish Beer, Ale or Mum imported Briun/imposed into Great Britain, and also Two Shillings per Bushel of the said by 43 O. 3. Countervailing Duties respectively imposed by the said Act of the c.81. and the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforesaid, on Malt imported into England Counterrafling or Scotland respectively from Ireland, and Two Shillings ter Bushel

of the said Drawbacks respectively granted and allowed by the lait cf34. on* ^fak, mentioned Act in respect of Malt exported from England or Scot- and also tht'land respectively to Ireland, shall be and the same is and are hereby Drawbacks, re- 1 respectively repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the reco- except vering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respeaively, which* may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

4 III. And Whereas Drawbacks of Excise are payable by Law 4 amounting to Six Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny for every 4 Square Foot superficial Measure of Plate Glass made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which 4 the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and 4 duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity s And Whereas it is ex-

pedient to limit the Payment of such Drawbacks on Plate Glass,

to such Plate Glass only as shall be ground and polished and of

1 a certain Size and Thickness Be it therefore enacted, That no NoDrawbacks

Drawback shall be allowed or paid for or in respect of the Ex- to bealfavad on porlation of any Ground or Polished Plate Glass made in Great Exportationof Britain* unlefis such Ground and Polished Plate Glass be exported in reftangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four le& exported in Inches in Breadth a; the kaft, and of the Thickness througnout of rtaangubr., One Plates of a. car

55ft

a. 108.

$6° GEO. UL

AJ3.181&

tain Sise and Thicknefi, fire. Shipping contrary hereto.

Seiaure and Penalty.

In lieu of the Drawbacks now payable, there shall be paid for Unground or Unpolished Plate Gltfs exported in re&angular Plates of certain Dimension?, the Drawbacks herein mentioned. Shipping contrary hereto.

Seiaure.

Penalty.

Makers of Plate Glass may break in Pieces any Number of Plates of Unground and Un-potished Glass in Presence of Su-

Ervisor, &c. of tftrish.

One Eighth of an Inch at the lead, and uttfofoeach and etery Plate of such Ground and Policed Plate daft be free from Stains and Blisters, and be perfeA and fit for immediate Use, as and for Ground and Policed Plate Glass; and that if any Person or Persons shall pack or ship for Exportation on Drawback, any Plate or Plates of Plate Glass as and for Ground and Folifted Plate Glass made in Great Britain which' is not Plate Glass, or* has not been ground and po- tithed* or which shall be Foreign Glass, or of left Dimension or Thieknefs throughout than aforesaid, or shall he (lained, or blistered, or imperil, or not immediately fit for Use as and for Ground and Polithcd Plate Glass, or any other Sort of Glass with or amesgft any Ground, and Folifted Plate Glass, the same, together with Sr Package in whioh such Hate or Plates may be contained, and aD the Glass themin shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feiued by any Officer or Officers of Excite; and: the Person or Persons lo offimding shall forfeit and lose for each and every such Case or Package the Swn of One hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further ena&od, That in lieu of the Drawbacks aforesaid, and of all othan Drawbacks of Excise, tliere shall be paid and allowed for every Hundred Weight of Unground or Uopo-lifted Plate Glass made in Great Britain, in respect of which the full1 Duties imposed on Plate Glass (halt, have been paid, and which shall be duly exported in re&angular Bates of perfect merchantable Glass, and of the Diioensions of Six Inches in Length and Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thickness of One Quarter of an Inch and not more than Half an Inch, the Sum of Poor Bounds Eighteen Shillings only, and so in proportion for any greater or.left Quantity; and that if any Person or Ferfoas shall pack or ship for Exportation' on Drawback any Unground or Unpolished Plate Glass of left or greater Dimension» in Thioknefs, or of left Uiaeafioosin Size than as lad aforefmd, or any foul, imperfeA or unmerchantable Ungnwad or UapoHfted Pbte Glass, on shall tack on (hfo any Unground or Unpolished: Plate Glafc in any oafoor other Package wither amougft any other kind for Sort of Gkd % the same, together with the Package in which toy such Gkft shall be contained, and; ad.the Glass. therein, shall.be forfeited* and shall and may hefoiaed by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Pkrfon or Persons so offending shall forfeit and iofe for each and cmj such Case or Package tfisSum of One httn&ed.Founds*.

Vl And bait further enacted, That it diallrand may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers of Bate Glide in the Presence of the Superrifor or Surveyor and SurveytagOflcer of the DiftviA in which his, her or theirGlass Houfo (haillto situated, to; brrack<to pieces to the Satisfactioa of fuchiSUperetfor-or Surveyor and otkerQffiUi, (b that the same he thereby rendteediwhoHy ufcfess, . exoepsfor being reaseked, any Number of Plates of Ungroundiaad UnpoUied Plate Glass, provided the same shall be fobroken after ithefome shall have cemo from the Kiln and been anneakd, and before being: removed from* the Gkh House where it shall have beeniannexed into any Warehonfe, and lb as each and every of Ibob PlateS tb refjidinly good and mnrehaatabV Plate Gkfo and of? the* original Sim m whiek>the same wert made, and not left than Six Inchesia Length aad( Four Inchest i» Bmdih» and a Qjumtcno£airi Inch or move than Half ran Inob >ia Tffichntfs^ and fftaiLtkentBpo* ha alfewed cut

50P GEO. III.

aiofc

of the Duties growing and becoming due and payable foam such Allowance after Weaker or Makers respectively for plate Glasa, iter the Rate of .

Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings for ©very Hundred Weight of such c^t QJafa so broken m Pieces, and so in proportion for a greater or less Quantity: Provided also, that such Maker or Makers respecthrely Condition*, mall give Six Days' previous Notice in Writing to such Supervisor,

Surveyor or Officer* of his Define and Intention so to break such Glass, and specify therein the Number of Plates and Weight of such Glass, and the Day and Hour when the same shall be so bvokao* and shall during such Six Days lay, place and keep the same, so that; the Suoervisor, Surveyor or other Officer* shall be able readily and correctly to take an Account thereof, and shall, permit such Super* visor, Surveyor or; other Officer, to take any One of such Plates before befog broken, of any Par£ of apy of such Plates after being broken* by way of Sample*, he or they paying, for the same at th*

Rate of Two pence pqr Pound.; apd fhaR keep and use true and corre# Scales apd Weights for weighing the same* apd aid and assist by his Secrpnt and Workman such Superrifpr or Surveyor and other Officer in writing and taking Account thereof.; and Obftmding if apy. such Maher Qr Makers shall obstruct such. Supexrifor, Sur- officcn veyor or other Officer therein, or produce for being weighed any,

Plate or, Plates of Glass other than as afore said, or on the Material* of which thfc Duty shall not have been charged, or which shall have been made or manufactured from fouj, bad or unmerchantable Metal qr Glass, or from any Part of the Glass.required by Law to be left in the Bottom of any Pot or Pots, or, keep, produce or use any falfo Scales, or Weights for tb& weighing of any such Glads as afore bid* or use, or. cause or foffer to, be used, any Art, Means or Con* trivance, to deceive or prevent, such Supeiwifors, Surveyor or othffl Officer taking an Accqpptqf qr weighing such Glass, from taking a true Account thereof, or by which His bfsjesty may be defrauded* such Maker or Makers shall for each and every such OHence forfeit and lpfe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

VI. And be it further ena&qd, That, no Crown Glass, or Ger- No Crown man Sheet Glass, or Broad or Spread Window Glass, shall be GUft,c.tobe made in the United Kingdom of greater Thickness in the Foot, 2J?e.of foperficial and exclusive of the Centre or Bullion and Selvage or hertin men-Rim thereof, than One Ninth Part of an Inch, except the Metal or tk»ed.

Glass shall; before the same, or any Part thereof be begun to be manufactured info Wares, be declared by the Maker thereof, by

Notice in Writing to be delivered by him, her or them to the proper Officer of Excise, to be made for Plate Glass, and the Duty imposed upon Plafo Gfefehe, charged thereon; and that if any such.

Cuds. respectively, except a*, aforeffod, shall be made of any greater Thfekpefi than One Ninth Bart of an Inch, the same shall be for-. fejted*, and fhaJVand mpy be seized by any Officer or Officers-of.

Excise,

VII, And be it further enacted* That the fold several Drawbacks .Drawbacks on of Plate Glass.by thw Act allowed and granted shall and may be re- Plate Giafc how fpe&ivdy paid and allowed so such and the like manner, apd in or by 10* V1 any^o - qther of the General or Specisl Means, Ways or Methods by

w&fh 4* Brs^baqk*, of Duties of Exfofe respectively upon Goods,

Wares, Merchw-CJiwPWpdUies, of the same Sorts or kinds, respecttvtjy, are or may be paid or allowed except so far as the same

C. 108.

56 6E0. III.

A.D. 18I6.

Penalties for Offences against the Laws of Ex* rife extended to Drawbacks of Duties on Plate Glass.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

*0.3. c. no.

Recited Ail further oontinued.

are altered by this Act, and the Goode, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, so by this Act respectively entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictiona and Forfeitures, to which Qoods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general, and also to all and every the Special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively were subject and liable except as aforesaid, by any Act or Acts of in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for me Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directiona therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Drawbacks of Duties of Excise on Plate Glass, hereby allowed and granted, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, except as aforesaid, as if ill and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directioos, Fines, Pain8, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by ^Vdion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty'a Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively*and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, (hill be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them wno shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of die Silk Manufactures of Great Britain. [ift July 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act 4 for grantings during the Continuance of tht present War and until 4 Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain, should be further continuedBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the £une. That the said Act shall be continued until tht Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

A.IX 181G.

56° GEO. III.

C.110.

561

CAP. CX.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Trades of Tanners and Curriers. [ift July 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Drawbacks of Excise payable by Law upon the Exportation of Hides

and Skins, tanned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain, and Leather 1 made or manufactured into Goods or Wares in Great Britain, from

Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, and to grant and ( allow other Drawbacks of Excise in lieu thereof ; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Drawbacks of Excise now payable by Law, upon the Exportation of Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain, and of Leather made or manufactured into Goods or Wares in Great Britain, from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except in all cases relating to the allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respeCL ively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Drawbacks of Excise hereby repealed, there shall be allowed and granted the following Drawbacks; (that is to say),

For all Hides and Kips, and Calf Skins, Sheep and Lamb Skins, and Seal Skins, Hog Skins and Dog Skins, tanned or tawed in Great Britain, and duly marked; and also for all such Hides and Skins as shall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Leather tanned in Great Britain, and chargeable by Law to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Two pence Halfpenny s

For all Hides and Calf Skins, Sheep an.d Lamb Skins, Hog and Seal Skins, tanned in Great Britain, and afterwards curried and duly marked, and also for all such Hides and Skins so curried, as shall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Four pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Goat Skins tanned with Shumach, m Great Britain, and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Sheep Skins, tanned in Great Britain, for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Eight pence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Boots and Shoes made in Great Britain of tanned Leather, and exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland, Sixpence:

56 Geo. III. O o For

Drawbacks now payable on dressed Hides and Leather repealed,

except Arrears.

In lieu thereof the following

Drawbacks to be paid.

562

GMO.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Drawbacks subject to Regulations herein mentioned.

Former Regulations and Penalties in force.

For every Found Weight Avoirdupoife of Gloves or other Manufactures made in Great Britain of any kind of tanned, tawed or curried Leather, chargeable by Law to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Boots or Shoes made in Great Britain, the Upper Leathery Vamps and Boot Legs of which are made of Morocco Leather, Spanish Leather or Kid Skins, for which the Duties in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Eight pence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of all Sheep and Lamb Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence :

For every Pound Weight of all Buck, Deer and Elk Skins drefied in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Shilling:

For every Pound Weight of all other Skins, except Sheep and Lamb, Buck, Deer and Elk Skins, and of all Hides drefied in Oil in Great Britain, and duly marked, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence: For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of all Buck, Deer, and Elk Skins drefied in Great Britain, and made into Goods and Wares other than Gloves, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize, One Shilling and Three pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of all Gloves made of Leather drefied in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Shilling and Sixpence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of all Sheep and Lamb Skins drefied in Oil in Great Britain and made into Goods and Wares (other than Gloves), for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize, Nine pence.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several Drawbacks by this Act allowed and granted shall and may he respectively paid and allowed in such and the like manner, and iu or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Drawbacks hereby repealed, or the Drawbacks of Duties of Excise respectively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Com* modities of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be paid or allowed, except so for as the same are altered by this Act; and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, so by this Act respectively entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictkins and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general, and also to all and

A.D. 1810,

56° GEO. III.

C. 110.

563

every the special Condition b, Rules, Regulations, Rest rift ions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively were subject and liable, except as aforesaid, by any Act or Acts or Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act relating to the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby dircfted and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and pat in Execution, for and in respect of the several Drawbacks of Duties of Excise hereby allowed and granted, in as full and ample a manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, except as aforesaid, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act*

IV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Ninth Year of ^he

Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for laying 4 certain Duties upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or dressed, and 4 upon Vellum and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty two Tears, for 4 profeeuting the War and other Her Majesty's most neftfary 0ccaftans* 4 and which Act was afterwards made perpetual, it is enacted, that

if any Tanner or other Person or Persons shall, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and 4 eleven, (have or cause to be (hived any Hide or Calf Skin what-

soever before the same be thoroughly tanned, whereby such Hide or 4 Skin shall be impaired, and Her Majesty'a Duty thereby dimintshed, ' every such Hide or Skin, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, One Moiety to the Queen, and the other Moiety to him or them 4 that will inform or sue for the same: And Whereas it is expedient 4 to repeal the said recited Provision of the said Act Be it therefore enacted. That from and after the passing of this Act, the same shall be and is hereby repealed, save and except as to the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred in any Respect relating thereto before or upon that Day; and that from and after the patting of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any entered Tanner or Tanners to take out of the Wooze and (have any Hide or Skin, or to cut and separate therefrom the thin Parts thereof: Provided always, that every such Tanner or Tanners shall give Six Days' previous Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whofc Survey he, (he or they shall then be, of his Intention or Desire so to do, fpedfying in such Notice the Day and Hour when he, (he or they will take any such Hides or Skins out of the Wooze, and the Number of such Hides or Skins respectively to be taken out, and whether the same are to be so taken out for the Purpose of being (haved, or for the thin Parts to be cut off and separated as aforesaid; and if any Tanner or Tanners shall take any Hides or Skins, or Parts or Pieces of Hides or Skins out of the Wooze for either of the Purposes aforesaid respectively, or for any other Purpose, except by Ihifting the same into other Wooze in the same entered Premisea, or shall remove or conceal any Hide or Skin, or any Piece or Part thereof, not being the (having thereof, from the Sight or View of

O o 2 the

9 Ann. c.n.

Provision in recited Act prohibiting the Shaving of Hides repealed. Tanners may take out of the Woose and (have Hides, Ac. Notice to be given to the proper Officer.

Tanners removing or concealing Hides from View of Officer.

$64 ... C.106, 107. 56° GEO. III. A.D.I81A

Minch Bay of November famedtariy fabfequeiit t6 the Day* oF the CtoAnfencevneftt of such Licence.

$4 G. 3. c. 17*. XXXIV. And be k etiadfed, That the fetid recited Act of the to remain in Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (had! reani

focce* and continue in force, and be hi all respects abpifcable and appbrd

for raffing and paying the Duties hereby iffipoud, excepting so far as the fan Ad is hereby aiteatod, as folly and effednally to all Ii-tents and Purposes as if the same were repented and contained in thh pflsfent Ad.

Commencement XXXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall comment* upas and Continuance and from the Tenth Day of November One thtmfiand eight hundred °fAtt* sad fifteen, and shall continue hi force until the tv&h Dfcyof

November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen*

Act may be XXXVL And be it further enacted, That this Act way la d» altered, ac. tered, varied or repealed by any Ad to be puffed in this pretest Session of Parliament.

CAP. CVlIi

An Act to amend an Act of the lall Seffibii of Parliament relating to Stamp Duties in Great Britain, so far as relates to Inventories to be exhibited and recorded in any Commissary Court in Scotland. [ift July 18id.]

55 G.3.C.184. Sch. Past the Thtod* tit. Inventory*

Certain additional Inventories exhibited in the Commiflaiy Coarts in Scot-lmd exempted.

WHEREAS by an Act passed itl the Fifty fifth Year of Hfc

Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Stamp 4 Ditties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or Printed 4 Ihfiruments, and the Duties oh Fire Ihfurancis, and on Legacies 4 tshd Sucetjfiuns to Perfohal Estate upon Intefiacies, now payable in 4 Great Britain* and for granting other Dtsttet in lieu thereof, certain

ad valorem Duties were imposed upon Inventories to be exhibited 4 and recorded in any Commissary Court in Scotland, of the Eftmte

and Effects of Perrons who shall have died after the Tenth Day

6f October One thousand right hundred and eight: And Whereas 4 ft is expedient to relieve certain additional Inventories from such ad 4 valorem Duties j* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mot Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Partianient assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, where Inventories of the Persona! of Move* able Estate and Effects of Perfbhs deceased (had hate been exhibited and recorded in any Cotnttiflary Court in Scotland* prior to th# flfft Day of September One thousand right hundred end fifteen, pursuant to the Directions of and duly stamped aS required by the Ad passed in the Forty eighth Year of Hh Majesty* Reign, intituled An As for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds* Law At* deeding! and other written or printed Infintments* and the Duties bit Legacies and Succqfftohs to Personal Estate upon Inttfiaciti, now fdp* dm in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties itl heU thcHbf;

and in consequence of the subsequent Discovery of other Efft&# W* longing to the same Perform, addition a! Inventories thereof shall hereafter be exhibited and recorded pursuant to the Directiotts of the same Ad, all such additional Inventories (had! be exempted from the said act valorem Duties granted by the frid Ad of the Fifty fifth Year of His Majesty* Reign, and that such of the raid adAtfowf

Inventories

JLIX 181€.

<VMfc

M5

Inventories as would not have been liable under the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty* Reign, in case the same had bcsen exhibited and recorded prior to the Firo Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to a Stamp Duty of greater Amount than the Duty already paid upon any former Inventories exhibited and recorded of the Estate and Effects of the same Persons,

JhaJl be wholly exempted from Stamp Duty j and that for and in Addition*! In-nxfpeft of such of the find additional Inventories as would have been vemorltsUiUs Rafale under the Rod Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty'a UDrd"J'm Reign, in case the same had been exhibited and recorded prior to the Firo Day of September Ome thousead eight hundred and fifteen, to shall he charged a Stamp Doty of greater Amount than the Duty already paid upon with that Duty nner Inventories exhibited and recorded of the Estate and ^y*

of the same Perfbot, there Rail be raised, levied and paid, onto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and SucceftorS, fetch and the same Doty only as inch additional Inventories would lpnve been subject and liable to under the said last mentioned Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties hereby granted Duty under shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of ^°"l^0Dtn Stamps in Great Britain, which laid Commissioners and the major °

Part of them are hereby empowered and required to provide proper and fuffirient Stamps or Dies for expressing and denoting the said Duties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof respectively, upon the Vellum, Parchment or Paper chargeable therewith, and to alter and renew the same from time to time as Occasion shall require, and also to employ such Officers and Persont under them, and to do all such other Act* and things as shall be thought necessary or expedient for effcftuaily raising and colltfting the said Dudes hereby granted, and for putting this Act into Execution, in the like and in as full stgfi ample manner as they or any former Commissioners are or have been authorized to do for the raffing and oolfefting of any former Stamp Duties, or for putting into Execution any Act or Asti of Parliament relating thereto.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisiont, Pswen of

Clanses, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and re"

Penalties contained in and imposed bp any former Act or Afte of Parliament relating to any Sump Duties, mall be of full force and AGL

effect with respect to the Duties hereby granted as far as the same are or shall be applicable, and shall be observed, applied, enforced end i put in Execution, for the rafsing, levying, collecting and securing of the said Duties hereby granted and otherwise relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intenu and Purposes as if the same had been herein repeated and fpedally enacted with reference to the said Duties hereby granted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise from Application of the Duties granted by this Act shall be paid, applied and disposed Duty.

of in the same manner as the Duties from which the said Leases and Inventories are hereby exempted would have been payable tad applicable in case this Act had not been made.

556

.108.

36° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

4JO.3. e.8i. 8ch. (B.)

Drawback note recited Act to cease.

43 O.3. c. 81. Sch. (A.) tit. Irish Beer, Ale or Mum.

JOO.3. c.34.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to repeal certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties of Excise on Beer and Malt; to alter the Drawbacks on Plate Glass, and to prevent Frauds therein.

[ift July 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting 4 to His Majesty9until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the*Definitive Treaty of Peaces certain additional Duties of Excise in < Great Britain, a Drawback is granted and allowed of Four Shil- lings and Eleven pence for every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ale*brewed or made in Great Britain, above Eighteen Shillings the*Barrel exdufive of the Duty, and not being Two penny Ale,

mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of*Union with Scotland9 which shall be duly exported to Foreign*Parts as Merchandize, and which shall be proved to have been 4 brewed after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred*and three: And Whereas several of the Duties imposed by the said Act were by subse^uent Acts continued until the Fifth Day*of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen (a), and several 4 of such Duties have been and are further continued, but the Duty 4 on Malt thereby imposed will cease and expire on the Fifth Day of 4 July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and Doubts may 4 arise whether by the Continuance of such Duties as aforesaid, the said Drawback in respect of the Exportation of Beer is also con- tinued For the Prevention and Removal of such Doubts, be it declared and enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Drawback in respect of the Exportation of Beer does and shall wholly cease and expire on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and shall be no longer paid or payable, any thing in any other Act or Acts of Parliament in the present or any other Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. (a) [55 G. 3. 4.27.]

' II. And Whereas by the said recited Act a Countervailing 4 Duty of Excise of Four Shillings $nd Eleven pence is imposed for*every Barrel confiding of Thirty fix Gallons English Beer Mea- sure, of Irish Beer, Ale or Mum, which shall be imported into 4 Great Britain^ diredlv from Ireland, and the said Duty has been*since continued and»now in force: And Whereas by a certain 4 other Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforesaid, intituled An Aafor allowing the Exportation of British and Irish made 4 Malt from One Part of the United Kingdom to the other, a CountervaiUng Duty of Excise of Four Shillings and Four pence is*imposed for every Bushel of Malt unground made in Ireland and 4 imported directly from thence into that Part of Great Britain called 4 England; and another Countervailing Duty of Excise of Three 4 Shillings and Eight pence and Ten Twentietns of a Farthing is also 1 by the said last mentioned Act imposed for every Bushel of such*Malt made in Ireland and imported directly from thence into that*Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and by the said lad men-

4 tioned

§3*

A.D. 1816.

56* geo. hi;

C. 108. ini

4 tioned Act a Drawback of Four Shillings and Four pence is allowed for every Bushel of Malt made in that Part of Great Britain 4 called England, for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect

thereof shall have been fully paid and exported from thence to 4 Ireland unground; and another Drawback of Three Shillings and

Eight pence and Ten Twentieths of a Farthing is allowed for every

Bushel of Malt made from Barley or any other Corn or Grain 4 except Beer or Bigg in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

4 for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have 4 been paid and exported from thence to Ireland unground: And

Whereas in consequence of the CeiTation of the Duty of Excise '

4 upon Malt made in Great Britain, imposed by the said Act made 4 in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, it is expedient to 4 repeal the said Countervailing Duty imposed by the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, imposed on Irish Beer*

4 Ale or Mum imported into Great Britain, and also Two Shillings 4 per Bushel of the said several Countervailing Duties respectively 4 imposed by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforesaid, on Malt imported into England or Scotland respectively from 4 Ireland, and Two Shillings per Bushel of the Drawbacks respectively, granted and allowed by the lait mentioned Act, in respect 4 of Malt exported from England or Scotland respectively to Ireland? Be it therefore fenacted, That from and after the said Fifth Countervailing Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the said Coun- on Irish tervailing Duty imposed by the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, imposed on Irish Beer, Ale or Mum imported Britain'impofetf into Great Britain, and also Two Shillings per Bushel of the said by 43 G. 3. Countervailing Duties respectively imposed by the said Act of the c, 8i. ami the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforesaid, on Malt imported into England or Scotland respectively from Ireland, and Two Shillings ter Bushel of the said Drawbacks respectively granted and allowed by the last^Malt, mentioned Act in respect of Malt exported from England or Scot- and also th* land respectively to Ireland, shall be and the same is and are hereby Drawbacks, ns». respectively repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the reco- except vering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which Arrears* may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

4 III. And Whereas Drawbacks of Excise are payable by Law 4 amounting to Six Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny for every 4 Square Foot superficial Measure of Plate Glass made in Great 1

4 Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which 4 the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and 4 duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity: And Whereas it is expedient to limit the Payment of such Drawbacks on Plate Glass,

4 to such Plate Glass only as shall be ground and polished and of 4 a certain Size and Thickness Be it therefore enacted, That no No Drawbacks

Drawback shall be allowed or paid for or in respect of the Ex- tobeallowodoo portadon of any Ground or Polished Plate Glass made in Great Exportation of Britain* unless such Ground and Polished Plate Glass be exported Po*

jn rectangular Plate, of die Size of 85* Inches in Length by Four uuSStlZ Inches in Breadth at the kaft, and of the Thickness throughout of reauguiar .*One Plates of a cer

Cw 108.

56° GEO. IQ.

iS.18I&

55ft

tain Sixe and Thicknest, frc. Shipping con. trary hereto.

Seisure and Penalty.

In lieu of the Drawbacks now payable, there shall be paid for Unground or Unpolished Plate Clefs exported in re&sogular Plates of certain DhnenGom, the Drawbacks herein mentioned. Shipping coo. trary hereto.

Secure.

Penalty.

Makers of Plate Glafa may break in Pieces any Number of Plates of Hn-ground and Un-polished Olafs in Presence of Su-pervisor, &c. of District.

One Eighth of an Inch at the lead, and unlefa each and ewery Plate of such Ground and Polished Plate daft be free from Stafna and Blitters, and be perfect and fit far immediate Use, as and for Ground and Polished Plate Glafi; and that if any Person or Persono shaft pack or ship far Exportation qo Drawback* any Plate or Plates of Plate Glafa as and for Ground and Policed Plate Glass made in Great Britain which' is not Plate Glass, or has not been ground and po-lifaed, or which shall be Foreign Glass* or of left Diovension or Thieknefr throughout than aforesaid, or shall be stained, or bliftned, or imperied, . or not immediately fit far Use as and for Ground and Polished Plate Glass, or any other Sort of Glass with or asnongst any Ground and Polished Plate Glass, the same, together with the Package in which such Plate or Plates may be contained, nod all the Glass therein shall be forfeited, and shall and may be kited by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and: the Person or Persona to offending shall forfeit and lose for each and every such Case or Package the Sum'of One hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, Thai in lieu of the Drawbacks afoersaid, and of all other? Drawbacks of Excise, there (hull he pad and allowed for every Hundred Weight of Unground or Unpo-lifted Plate Glafa made in Greet Britain, in tefped erf which the fall' Duties imposed on Plate Glafa shall, have been paid, and which shall be duly exported in re&wgular Hates of perfect merchantable Glasa, and of the Diraenfions of Six Inches in Length and Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thickneft of One Quarter of an Inch and not more than Half an Inch, the Sum of Four Bound* Eighteen Shillings only, and fa in proportion far any greater or left Quantity; and that if any Person or Berfoas shall pack or (kip for Exportation, on Drawback any Unground or Unpotifoed Plato Glafa of left or greater Dimensions in Thioknefs, or of iefa UimcnfioD* in Sira than as left* aforesaid, or any foul, unparfeg or unmerchaatable Ungwuad or Uapolifaed Hate Glass, or shall pack or ship any Ungrouod or Unpolisted: Hate- Glafa in any cair or other Package with, or among# any other kindior Sort of Gld % the fame# together with the Package in which any such Glafa dull be contained, and'alhthe Glafa. therein, shall be forfaited* and fhrfl and may befairad by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Pfcrfaa or Persans fa offending faaU forfait and lese for each and; erwy such Case or Package the Sum of One huadsed, Bounds, .

V: And ha it further enacted, That it: ftalLaad may be lawful to and for any Makor or Mahers of Plate Glass in the Brefcncraf the Suptrvifor or Surveyor and Surveying Officer of the Dittrift in which hie, her or their Gfafa Hoofa (kailfM fitunled, to brrak<to pieces to the Satisfaction of fuchi Sopervifar or Surveyor and otherQffiUi^.so that the same he thereby reuderedtwhoUy ufakfs, . exoepft- far being remeked, any Number of Phtfesof Ungroundiand UnpaKtied Plate Glasa, provided the same (kail be fbbruken after tthe £une(hatihwt cemo from the Kiln and been annenfed, and befora being: nemowd fawn* the Glafa House where it. shall have bee»<annenfed into any \Yiwehouse, and so as each and every of fifteh Plate* be refjpnft&vdy good and mnrebaataMe Plate Gkfa and of; the-original S» in which >the same were made, and act left than Six lnches in Length a*d< Four Inehra in Bnradtbj, and aQfturtereof an; Inch or more than Half ran look >aa TMchotfay and ftilfampmfaslhmlra

of

50P GEO- HE

C. 108.

309

of the Duties growing and becoming due and payable from such Allowance after Maker or Makers respectively for Hale Glass, after the Rate of °*rw

Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings for every Hundred Weight of such ^t>'*

Glass so broken in Pieces, and so in proportion for a greater or left Quantity; Provided also, that such Maker or Makers respectrvely Conditions, shall give Six Days' previous Notice ip Writing to such Supervisor,

Surveyor or Officer, of his Desire and Intention so to break such Glass, and specify therein the Number, of Plates and Weight of such Glass, and the Day and Hour when the same shall be so broken* and shall during such Six Days lay, place and keep the same, so that the Snoervisor, Surveyor or other Officer, shall. be able readily and correctly to take an Account thereof, and shall permit such Super* visor. Surveyor or, other Officer, to taka any One of such Plate* before being broken, or any Pact of any of such Plates after being broken, by way of Sample, he or they paying for the same at the Rate of Two pence per Pound.; and fhaR keep and use true and correct Scajes and Weights for weighing the same, and aid and assist by his Servant ana Workmen such Superrifor or Surveyor and other Officer in weighing and taking Account thereof; and Obftnidivtg if any such Maker or Makers shall obstruct such. Supenvisor, Sur* offictrt veyor or other Officer therein, or produce for being weighed' any Plate or Plates of Glass. other than as afore hud, or on the Materials of which the Duty shall not have been charged, or which shall have been made or manufactured from fou), bad or unmerchantable Metal qr Glass, or from any Part of the Glass. required by Law to be left in the Bottom of any Pot or Po|s, or, keep, produce or use any falfo Scales, or Weights for the weighing of any such Glafo as aforesaid* or use, or, cause or foffer to be used, any Ajrt, Means or Con* trivance, to deceive or prevent, such Supeiwifors, Surveyor or othen Officer taking an Account of or weighing such Glass, from taking a true Account thereof* or by which His Majesty may be defrauded* such Maker or Maker shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds- Penalty.

VI- And be it further, enacted, That no Crown Glass, or Ger- No Crown man Sheet Glass, or Broad or Spread Window Glass, shall be 01*6, to so made in the United Kingdom of greater- Thickness in the Foot, Thidu^SSn foperficial and exclusive of the Centre or Bullion and Selvage or j^rejIl mn_ Rim thereof, than One Ninth Part of an Inch, except the Metal or tiooed.

Glass shall; before the same, or any Part thereof be begun to be manufactured into Wares, be declared by the Maker thereof, by Notice in Writing so be delivered by him, her or them to the proper Officer of Excise, to be made for Plate Glass, and the Dntv imposed upon Plafo Gsese, be{charged thereon; and that if any such.

Glass refoeftjvely, except as aforesaid, shall be made of any greater Thickness than One Ninth Part of an Inch, the same shall be for-. fcited, and fludV and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of.

IJxpise,

VII, And be it. further enactedt That the fafo several Drawbacks. Drawbacks on oa Plate Glass by this Act allowed and granted shall and may be re. Hs« Giafc how fjpef&ively paid and allowed so such and the like manner, and so or by 10*^any, or either of the General or Special Means, Ways or Methods by wfaifh the Drawback*, of DfoW of Excise respectively upon Goods,

Wares, Merchapdtf^ Qr Commodities of the same Sort* or kinds respectjvtly, are or may be paid or allowed except so far as the same

are

C.I08.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Penalties for Ofitncec agiinft the Laws of Ei-ctfe extended to Drawbacks of Duties on Plate Ghla.

Recorery and Application of Penalties.

46O.3. C.IXO.

Recited Act further continued.

are altered by this Act, and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, so by this Act refjfedively entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, shall be and the same are hereby made fiibjed to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general, and also to all and every the Special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively were fiibjed and liable except as aforesaid, by any Act or Acts of Par. liament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation and Improve, ment thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, (lull and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Drawbacks of Duties of Excise on Plate Gl&fs, hereby allowed and granted, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, except as aforesaid, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by £dion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them wno shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain. [ift July 1816.]

VT7 HEREAS it is expedient that an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act 4 for granting, during the Continuance of the present War and until 4 Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace,

4 an additional Bounty on the Exhortation of the Silk Manufactures 4 of Great Britain, should be further continued; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

A.D. lglG.

56° GEO* III.

C. 110.

561

CAP. CX.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Trades of Tanners and Curriers. [id July 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Drawbacks

W of Excise payable by Law upon the Exportation of Hides

and Skins, tanned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain, and Leather c made or manufactured into Goods or Wares in Great Britain, from 1 Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, and to grant and i allow other Drawbacks of Excise in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, the fe vend Drawbacks now

Drawbacks of Excise now payable by Law, upon the Exportation payable on

of Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain, and

of Leather made or manufactured into Goods or Wares in Great pealedf*

Britain, from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, Audi v

be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except in all cases except Arrears.

relating to the allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively

which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or

Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respect-

ively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the

passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the In !>eu thereof Drawbacks of Excise hereby repealed, there shall be allowed and following granted the following Drawbacks; (that is to say),

For all Hides and Kips, and Calf Skins, Sheep and Lamb Skins, Drawbacks to be and Seal Skins, Hog Skins and Dog Skins, tanned or tawed in paid.

Great Britain, znd duly marked; and also for all such Hides and Skins as shall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize s

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Leather tanned in Great Britain, and chargeable by Law to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Dudes impeded in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Two pence Halfpenny;

For all Hides and Calf Skins, Sheep an.d Lamb Skins, Hog and Seal Skins, tanned in Great Britain, and afterwards curried and duly marked, and also for all such Hides and Skins so curried, as shall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Four pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Goat Skins tanned With Shumach, in Great Britain, and for every Pound Weight Avoir-dupoife of Sheep Skins, tanned in Great Britain, for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Eight pence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Boots and Shoes made in Great Britain of tanned Leather, and exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland,

Sixpence;

56 Geo. III. O o

For

m

Notice before making Mixture.

Gravity to be afcertatned.

DHtitter not making Entry or not giving Notice, or obft ruling Officer.

Penalty.

Proviso.

Not less than Nine Gallons of Spirits of a certain Strength may be sent out with Permit.

C. 106. 46* GEO. IU..A.D4SJL*.

Wash, any Distiller of Spirits for Home Confiumptioii in Scotland shall make entry of every Vessel used by him for the Purpose of making or keeping any such Composition or Mixture, describing the same, and specifymg the Use to which each such Vessel is to be applied; and every such Distiller shall also give Notice to the Officer of Excise, at lead Six Hours before beginning to make any such Composition or Mixture, and the Officer of Excise shall take an Account thereof in such Vessels respectively, and shall and may at all times be at Liberty to take a Sample or Samples thereof, and to ascertain the Gravity thereof by the said Instrument called the Saccharometer; and if the Gravity thereof, or any Part thereof so ascertained, shall not any time be greater than the Gravity of the Waite made by such Distiller, so limited and so taken account of as aforesaid, such Composition or Mixture shall be deemed and taken to he Wash, and the Duty hereby imposed on Wort or Wash shall be charged thereon; and if the same, or any Part of such Mixture or Composition, shall at any time be found of any greater Gravity than aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, together with every Cask or Vessel containing the same, and shall and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and if any such Distiller shall not make entry, or shall not give Notice in the manner herein duelied, or if the OflU cer shall be prevented or obstruHed in taking an Account thereof, or Samples as above prescribed, as often and at such times as he may think necessary, to ascertain the Gravity thereof, or if such Distiller shall refuse or negleH to remove and put all such first mentioned Mixture or Composition unto his or her fermenting Tuns, and mix the same with the Wort therein as aforesaid, every such Distiller so offending in any of the above Particulars, or in whose Premises apy such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that if any such Distiller shall, within Thirty Hours after such Composition or Mixture shall have been begun to be made, remove and put the whole thereof unto his or her fermenting Tun or Tuns, and mix the same therein with the Wort or Wash in such Tun or Tuns, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, or if such Officer shall afterwards find any Increase of Wash in the fermenting Tun or Tuns into which fuen Distiller or Distillers shall declare such Composition or Mixture to have been put within such time as aforesaid, equal to the Amount thereof and arising therefrom, the same shall be charged with Duty therein as Part bf the Wash made in such Tun or Tuns respectively, and not diflin&ly and Separately therefrom.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland to fell and send out, accompanied with a true and lawful Per* mit, to any Person or Persons, not being a Re&ifier or Compounder, of Brtitjh Spirits, any Quantity of Spirits in any Cask or Package not containing less than Nine Gallons of. Spirits of a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, nor less than One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, on pain of forfeiting all Spiriu fold or sent out contrary hereto, with the Calks or other Packages containing the same, and all Horses, Cattle, Carriages and Boats made use of in removing such Spirits, which may be Seized by any Officer of the Culloms or of Excise.

XXIX. And

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 106.

953

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Trials of Strength

Adjusting tbs

Stills not to be worked o*

by Law established and brought Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, (tall be substituted and taken for the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in this Alt; and that the Strength of Seventeen per Centum under Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, shall be substituted and taken for the Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in this A It. (a) Spelt Sikes, cap. 105. ante, $6.]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or Distillers shall work or charge any Still or Stills on the Lord's Day commonly called Sunday; (that is to say), if any Still or Stills shall Svl*P* not be completely discharged and worked off at or before Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night, and shall not continue uncharged until One of the Clock on Monday Morning following; or if any Still or Stills shall be found charged or at work, or filled with any thing other than Water, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night and One of the Clock on Monday Morning, then every Inch Distiller or Distillers in whose Premises such Offence shall be committed shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, besides being liable in every other Pain or Penalty in Law for breaking the Lord's Day.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and .

Forfeitures by this Act imposed shall be sued for, mitigated, reco- pP^?1*00 " vered, levied and distributed, in the manner in which Fines, Pc- 6*

nalties and Forfeitures are directed to be sued for, mitigated, recovered, levied and distributed, by the said recited Act passed in the.

Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller for Home Consumption in Scotland to make entry in the manner directed by Law, and apply for a Licence under the Authority of this Act, at any time not exceeding Ten Days pre- xodi N^Tnm ceding the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and upon such Licence being granted to such

Distiller, it shall and may be lawful for him or her to prepare Worts and Wash for Distillation in the manner directed by this Act, but not to begin to distil any Part of such Worts or Wash until the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen:

Provided always, that if such Distiller so applying for such Licence shall hate obtained a Licence pursuant to the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it shall be made manifest to the said Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or to the Person or Persons authorized by them to grant such Licences, that all the Worts or Wash prepared by any such Distiller under his current Licence, shall have been diftuled into Spirits, before any Licence shall be granted to such Distiller under the Authority of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Every Licence

lawful for any Distiller to apply for a Licence under the Authority 00hs

of this Act at any time of the Year after the said Tenth Day of 9th <*" November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen s but every Licence granted under the Authority of this Act shall expjre on the

Ninth

Penalty.

Recovery eat

Licence under thit AA may bt granted Tea

$64 ... C106, 107. S6° GEO. III. A.D. 181&

Hindi Bay cf November fiamedtatiy fobfequedt M the Day af the Oodtotencament of such Licence.

14 G. 3. c. 17*. XXXIV. And be k entftfed, That the find recked Act of the to remain in fifty fourth Year of the Reig* of His present Majesty fttaU remain

force- and continue fa force, and be m all rrfpeft abpticable and applied

for raffing and paying the Duties hereby imposed, excepting (b fir as die said Act is hereby altered, as folly and effectually to all IA-tents and Porposes as if the fane were repeated and contained in this prefetit Act.

Commencement XXXV. And be k enacted* That this Act shall commence npoa and Continuance and from the Tenth Day of Number One thousand eight hundred Att* and sixteen, and shall continue in force until the tVAhDfcyof

November One thonfatid eight hundred and eighteen.

Act may be XXXVL And be it further enacted* Tint sids Act may he d-itered, &c. tered, varied or repealed by any A ft to be pdffed in this piefaft Session of Parliament.

55 G.3.C. 184. Sch. Pin the Third) tit. Inventory.

Certain additional Invento-riea exhibited in the Commissary Courta in Scotland exempted.

CAP. CVlI*

An Act to amend an Act of the la(t SefliOti of Parliament relating to Stamp Duties in Great Britain, so far as relates to Inventories to be exhibited and recorded in any fcommifiary Court in Scotland. [ift July 1816.]

TT7 HEREAS by an Act passed ill the Fifty fifth Year of His

Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Stamp 4 Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed 4 Infiruthents, and the Duties on Fire Inf ter antes, and on Legacies 4 and Sttceessions to Perfohal Estate upon Intejhactes, now payable in 4 Great Britain* and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof i certain

ad valorem Duties were imputed upon Inventories to be exhibited 4 Ihd recorded in any Commissarr Court in Scotland, of the Estate

and Effects of Perfoos who shall have died after the Tenth Day 4 Of OBober One thousand eight hundred and eight: And Whereas 4 ft is expedient to relieve certain additional Inventories from such ad 4 valorem Duties 5* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That from and after the passing of this Act, where Inventories of the Personal ofr Moveable Estate and Effects of Perfofts deceased (haS hate been exhibited and recorded in any Commiffkry Court in Scotlandj prior to til# Fifft Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, pursuant to the Directions of and duly stamped ai requited by the Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, fa* tituled An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law PtO* CeeeBugs and other writtsn or printed Ihftruments, and the Duttei &rt Legacies and Succcjftohs to Ptrfonal Estate upon Inteft octet, now pdf* dbte in Great Britain, and for granting new Dufies fit tteu tbefm ;

and in consequence of the subsequent Discovery of other Effect* WS lodging to the same Persons, additional Inventories thereof shall hereafter be exhibited and recorded pursuant to the Directions of die same Act, all such additional Inventories shall be exempted from the said act valorem Duties granted by the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His Majesty* Reign, and that such of the said adatkMert

Inventories

t JLD. IBW.

GEO. IJL <Vl«fw M5

Inventories as would not have been liable under the fiud A&of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in case the same had been exhibited and recorded prior to the Fim Day of September One i thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to a Stamp Duty of greater

Amount than the Duty already paid upon any former Inventories ex-

hibited and recorded of the Estate and Effeas of the same Persons, shall be wholly exempted from Stamp Duty)and that for and in Additional In-l nsfpeft of such of the said additional Inventories as would have been ventoriMlnftlt Jmbfe under the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's undtt 48 1 Reign, in case the same had been exhibited and recorded prior to the ^wr Duty 1

I Fim Day of September One thou&ad eight hundred and fifteen, to fail be charged

a Stamp Duty of greater Amount than the Duty already paid upon with that Duty nay former Inventories exhibited and recorded of the Estate and °°ly«

1 Enefibs of the same Persons, there shall be raised, levied and paid,

j unto and for the Ufa of His Majesty, his Heirs and Snccefiors,

such and the same Doty only as loch additional Inventories would have been subject and liable to under the said last mentioned Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties hereby granted Duty under shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Commissioueis & tamps in Great Britain, which said Commissioners and the major 0

Part of them are hereby empowered and required to provide proper i and sufficient Stamps or Dies for expressing and denoting the said Duties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof respectively, upoti the Vellum, Parchment or Paper chargeable therewith, and to mter and renew the same from time to time as Occasion shall require, and also to employ such Officers and Persons under them, and to do all such other Acts and things as shall be thought necessary or expedient for effectually raising and collecting the said Duties hereby grunted, and for putting this Act into Execution, in the like and in as full ample manner as they or any former Commissioners are or hare been authorized to do for the raising and oollecting of any former Stamp Duties, or for putting into Execution any Act or Act* of Parliament relating thereto.

III. And be it further enacted, That all die Powers, Provisiont, of

Clauses, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and re"

Penalties contained in and imposed by any former Act or A As of to^tend to tH, Parliament relating to any Sump Duties, shall be of full force and ABL

effect with respect to the Duties hereby granted as far as the same sure or shall be applicable, and shall be observed, applied, enforced smd put in Execution, for the raising, levying, collecting and securing of the said Duties hereby granted and otherwise relating thereto, as -fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said Duties hereby granted*

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise from Application of the Duties granted by this Act shall be paid, applied and disposed Duty.

of in the same manner as the Duties from which the said Leaks and Inventories are hereby exempted would have been payable and applicable in case tins AA had not been made.

CAP.

C. 108.

560 GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

4JO.3. c.81. Sth. (B.)

Drawback under recited Act to cease.

43 O.3. c.8x. Sch. (A.) tit. Irish Beer, Ale or Mura,

50G.3-c.34.

IS.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to repeal certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties of Excise on Beer and Malt; to alter the Drawbacks on Plate Glass, and to prevent Frauds therein.

[ift July v8l6«]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting 4 to Hu Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the 4 Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Exctfe in*Great Britain, a Drawback is granted and allowed of Four Shd- lings and Eleven pence for every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ale brewed or made in Great Britain, above Eighteen Shillings the ' Barrel exdufive of the Duty, and not being Two penny Ale, mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of*Union with Scotland, which shall be duly exported to Foreign*Parts as Merchandize, and which shall be proved to have been 4 brewed after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three: And Whereas several of the Duties imposed by the*said Act were by subse^uent Acts continued until the Fifth Day 4 of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen (0), and several of such Duties have been and are further continued, but the Duty*on Malt thereby imposed will cease and expire on the Fifth Day of*July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and Doubu may 4 arise whether by the Continuance of such Duties as aforesaid, the said Drawback in respect of the Exportation of Beer is also con- tinued For the Prevention and Removal of such Doubts, be k declared and enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Drawback in respect of the Exportation of Beer does and shall wholly cease and expire on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and shall be no longer paid or payable, any thing in any other Act or Acts of Parliament in the present or any other Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. (a) [5c G. 3. c. 27.3

4 II. And Whereas by the said recited Act a Countervailing 4 Duty of Excise of Four Shillingsnd Eleven pence is imposed for*every Barrel confiding of Thirty fix Gallons English Beer Mes> 4 sure, of Irish Beer, Ale or Mum, which shall be imported into*Great Britain, directly from Ireland, and the said Duty has been*ftnce continued and is now in force: And Whereas by a certain 4 other Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforesaid, inti- tuled An Act for allowing the Exportation of British and Irish made 4 Malt from One Part of the United Kingdom to the other, a Countervailing Duty of Excise of Four Shillings and Four pence is*imposed for every Bushel of Malt unground made in Ireland and*imported directly from thence into that Part of Great Britain called*England; and another Countervailing Duty of Excise of Three 4 Shillings and Eight pence and Ten Twentieths of a Farthing is also 4 by the said last mentioned Act imposed for every Buftiel of such 4 Malt made in Ireland and imported directly from thence into that ( Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and by the said last men-

< tioned

A* D. 1816. 66° GEO. III.* C.108.57

4 tioned Act a Drawback of Four Shillings and Four pence is allowed for every Bushel of Malt made in that Part of Great Britain 4 called England\ for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect 4 thereof shall have been fully paid and exported from thence to 4 Ireland unground; and anotner Drawback of Three Shillings and 4 Eight pence and Ten Twentieths of a Farthing is allowed for every 4 Bushel of Malt made from Barley or any other Corn or Grain 4 except Beer or Bigg in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

4 for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have 4 been paid and exported from thence to Ireland unground s And 4 Whereas in consequence of the Cessation of the Duty of Excise /

upon Malt made in Great Britain, imposed by the said Act made 4 in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, it is expedient to 4 repeal the said Countervailing Duty imposed by the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, imposed on Irish Beer*

4 Ale or Mum imported into Great Britain, and also Two Shillings 4 fer Bushel of the said several Countervailing Duties respectively imposed by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforesaid, on Malt imported into England or Scotland respectfvely from 4 Ireland, and Two Shillings per Bushel of the Drawbacks respectively, granted and allowed by the last mentioned Act, in respect 4 of Malt exported from England or Scotland respectively to Ire-

4 landj9 Be it therefore 'enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Countemilinj Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the said Coun- \ tervailing Duty imposed by the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, imposed on Irish Beer, Ale or Mum imported Brit«in imposed into Great Britain, and also Two Shillings per Bushel of the said by 43 O. 3. Countervailing Duties respectively imposed by the said Act of the c.81. and the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforesaid, on Malt imported into England Countervailing or Scotland respectively From Ireland, and Two Shillings ter Bushel of the said Drawbacks respectively granted and allowed by the last Malt,

mentioned Act in respect of Malt exported from England or Scot- and also tbs*land respectively to Ireland, shall be and the same is and are hereby Drawbacks, re*, respectively repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the reco- p*sW, €icej* vering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respeaively, which Arrtm# may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

III. And Whereas Drawbacks of Excise are payable by Law 4 amounting to Six Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny for every

(Square Foot superficial Measure of Plate Glass made in Great 1

Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which 4 the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and

duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity: And Whereas it is expedient to limit the Payment of such Drawbacks on Plate Glass,

( to such Plate Glass only as shall be ground and polished and of

4 a certain Size and Thickness ; Be it therefore enacted, That no No Drawback* Drawback shall be allowed or paid for or in respect of the Ex- to beaQovrwd oo portatxon of any Ground or Polished Plate Glass made in Great Exportation of Britain, unless such Ground and Polished Plate Glass be exported po"

in reftangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four mdot^Li

Inches in Breadth at the least, and of the Thickuefs throughout of rcagul*r.> One PUtes of s eer

5f»

d. 108.

56? GEO. in.

AJD.1818.

tain Size tnd Thickness, frc. Shipping contrary hereto.

Seizure and Penalty.

In lieu of the Drawbacks now payable, there shall be paid for Unground or Unpolished Plate Glass exported in re&angplar Plates of certain Dimension?, the Drawbacks herein mentioned. Shipping con. trary hereto.

Seieure.

Penalty.

Makers of Plate Glaft may break in Pieces any Number of Plates of Un-ground and Un-polMhed Glass in Presence of Su-

ervisor, &c. of iftridt.

One Eighth of an Inch at die lead, amiuilLefteach and every Plate of such Ground and Poliflied Plate daft be free from Satin* and Biifters, and be perfect and fk for immediate Use, aa and for Ground and Policed Hate Glast; and that if any Perfoit or Persont (hall-pack. or ship for Exportation on Drawback, any Plate or Plates of Plate Glaft a* and for Gronad and Poliflied Piatt Glaft made in Great Britain which* is not Plate Glast, or* has not been ground and poliflied, or which shall be Foreign Glast, or of left Dimenfioa or Thiekneft throughout than aforesaid, or shall he stained, or blistered, or imper/eft, or not immediately fit for Use as and for Ground and Poliflied Plate Glass, or any other Sort of daft with or amongfr any Grounds and Poliflied Plate Glast, the same, together with the Package in* which such Kate or Plates may be contained, and all the Glaft therein shall be forfeited^, and shall and may be ftifeed, by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Eerfons so offending shall forfeit and loft for each and every such Cafo or Package the Sumof One hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Drawbacks aforesaid, and of all othep Drawbacks of Excise, tliere shall be paid and allowed for every Hundred Weight of Unground or Unpo- lifted Plate Glaft made in Great Britain^ in respect of which the foil' Duties impoftd on Plate Glaft shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported in mftangular Kates of perfect merchantable Glast, and of the Dimensions of Six Inches in Length, and Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thickness of One Quarter of an Inch and not more than* Half an Inch, the Sum of Poor Bounds Eighteen Shillings only, and so in proportion for any greater or.left Quantity; and that if any Person or Berfoas shall padc or ship for Exportation, on Drawback any Unground or Unpdifiied Bike Glaft of left or greater Dimensions in Thioksieft, or of less Diaeofionain Sian than aa last aforesaid, or any foul, imparfed or unmerchantable Ungjwvad or Uapollfted Plate Glass, ou shall pack or ship any Uaground or Unpofifliedi Kate' Glaft in way cair. or other Package wtthror amosgft any other kind i or Sort- of Glast, the faae, v together with the Package in which any iiich Glaft (lull be contained, and all, the Glaft. therein, (kaH.be forfeited, and shall and may he ftixad by any Officer or Offioers of Excise; and the Pfcrfoa or Persons so offending shall forfeit and left for each and: every such Case or Package tfis Sum of Oae hundred, Pounds.

V: And be it further-enacted, Hut it ftuILaad may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers of Hate Glaft hi the ftnefeneeof. the Supcrvifor or Surveyor and: SuvveyiagGflocr of the District in which his, her or their Gkifedloufe (Wlfbesituated, to breakdo pieces to the Satisfaction of, fuchiStipervtfor-or Surveyor and otherQflslri, .so that the same be thereby remkrediwhoHy ufekft, except far bring rewelted, any Number of Plates of Unground > and Unpohfied Plate Glast, provided the same (kail be so broken after itbei same (hallhevc come from the Kilo and been anneased, and beforn bring removed fmn* the Glaft Houft where it shall have been < annealed into any Wognehouse, and so as each and every of feck Plates be gped and nwrebawtabV BLtte Gbu« and of. tkfc original Sin in whiohth* fiae nm road* utdoet lob than Six Inchas ia L*ngtk a«d Fonr Ipckn iar Bmuithy and a Q&artertof; «tilnoh or awe than Hatftan Inokia rTtidH»fi^aiddlufl«tkeaeiipoe*eallb*d«

CL W8i

ArP-mq. sop GEO. III*

m

of the Duties growing and becoming due and payable from such Allowance after fr^aker or Makers refjpcdively for Flat* Glass, after the Rate of t!Jeal of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings for every Hundred Weight of such' or ever* 0Jafs so broken in Pieces, and Ho in proportion for a greater or left Quantity: Provided also, that such Maker or Makers respectively Conditions, mall give Six Days' previous Notice in Writing to such Supervisor,

Surveyor or Officer, of his Define and Intention so to break such G.la&, and specify therein the Number of Plates and Weight of such,

Glass, and the Day and Hour when the same shall be so broken* and shall during such Six Days lay, place and keep, the same, so that! the Supervisor, Surveyor or other Officer, shall be able readily and correctly to take an Account thereof, and shall permit such Super* visor. Surveyor or other Officer, to take any One of such Plate* before being broken, or any Pant of apy of such Plates after being broken, by way of Sample, he or they paying for the same at th*

Rnte of Two pence pqr Pound, apd (Ml keep and use true and corre# Scajes and Weights for weighing the same* and aid and, assist by his Servant and Workman £ich Supervisor or Surveyor and other Officer in; weighing and taking Account thereof.*and. OWbucting if apy, fu$h Maker or Makers shall obstruA, such Supervisor, Sur^ officm veyoc or other Officer therein, or produce for being weighed1 any.

Plate- of Plates, of Glass. other thap as afore Caid, or. on the Material* of which the Duty shall not have been charged, or which shall have been made or manufactured from foul, bad or unmerchantable Metal qr Glass, or from any Part of the Glass. required by Law to be left in the, Bottom of any Pot or Pot*, or, keep, produce or use any falf*

Scales, or Weights for tb& weighing of any such Glass as aforesaid* or use, or. cause or fpffer to be used, any Art, Means or Cop* trivance, to deceive or prevent, such Supervisor*, Surveyor or other*

Officer taking an. Accpppt of or weighing such Glass, from taking a true Account thereof* or by which His Majesty may be defrauded* such Maker or Maker* fh*U for each and every such OHence forfeit and lpfe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

VI. And be it further eaa&pd. That no Crown Glass, or Ger- No Crown man Sheet Glass, or Broad or Spread Window Glass, shall be 01*6, Ac. to be made in the United Kingdom of greater- Thickness in the Foot, fpperficial and exclulive of the Centre or Bullion and Selvage or mtXkm Rim thereof, than One Ninth Part of an Inch, except the Metal or tioned.

Glass fhalb before the same, or any Part thereof be begun to be manufactured into Ware*, be declared by the Maker thereof, by

Notice in Writing to be delivered by him, her or them to the proper Officer of Excise, to be made for Plate Glass, and the Duty imposed upon Plate Gfefrhe.charged thereon; and that if any such.

Glass, refoedively, except as, aforesaid, shall be made of any greater Thic.kpefr than One Ninth Part of an Inch, the same shall be for-, frjtedi, and shall* and mpy be seized by any Officer or Officers of.

I}xc ifrt

VII, And be it.further enacted, Thar the said several Drawbacks, Drawback*on or Plate Gla&.by this Act allowed and granted shall and may be re* Plate oiaft how spectively paid and allowed in such and the like manner, and m or by 10* Paid* any, or qtk«X, of the General or Special Means, Way* or Methods by

W % DP^S of, Excise refpcAively upon Goods,

Wares, Mejsd^djfce or Cpmmodjttes, of the same Sorts or kinds respectivtly, are or may be paid or allowed except so far a* the same

are

C. 106.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Penalties for Offences against the LaW* of Excite extended to Drawbacks of Duties on Plate GJste.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

46O.J. C.IZO.

Recited AA further continued.

are altered by this Act, and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, so by this Act ref{5e&ively entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general, and also to all and every the Special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reflridions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively were subject and liable except as aforesaid, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Duties of Excise; and all and every rain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for liecuring the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, Audi and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, pra6tifed and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Drawbacks of Duties of Excise on Plate Glass, hereby allowed and granted, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, except as aforesaid, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Dire€tions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

VIU. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by £dion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wefi-minfttr, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same*

CAP. CIX.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain. [ift July t8l6.]

< WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act made in the Forty

< YV sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act

for granting, during the Continuance of the present War and until 4 Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace,

an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures

< of Great Britain, should be further continuedBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the dame, That the said Act shall be continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

A.D. 1816*

56° GEO. III.

C. 110.

561

CAP. CX.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Trades of Tanners and Curriers. [ift July 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Drawbacks

of Excise payable by Law upon the Exportation of Hides

and Skins, tanned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain, and Leather ' made or manufactured into Goods or Wares in Great Britain, from

Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, and to grant and

allow other Drawbacks of Excise in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Drawbacks of Excise now payable by Law, upon the Exportation of Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain, and of Leather made or manufactured into Goods or Wares in Great Britain, from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except in all cases relating to the allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respe£t-ively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the pamng of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Drawbacks of Excise hereby repealed, there shall be allowed and granted the following Drawbacks; (that is to say),

For all Hides and Kips, and Calf Skins, Sheep and Lamb Skins, and Seal Skins, Hog Skins and Dog Skins, tanned or tawed in Great Britain, ' and duly marked; and also for all such Hides and Skins as shall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties .imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize;

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Leather tanned in Great Britain, and chargeable by Law to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties imposed in relpe& thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Two pence Halfpenny ;

For all Hides and Calf Skins, Sheep an.d Lamb Skins, Hog and Seal Skins, tanned in Great Britain, and afterwards curried and duly marked, and also for all such Hides and Skins so curried, as shall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Four pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Goat Skins tanned with Shumach, in Great Britain, and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Sheep Skins, tanned in Great Britain, for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Eight pence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Boots and Shoes made in Great Britain of tanned Leather, and exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland, Sixpence:

56 Geo. III. O o For

Drawbacks now payable on dressed Hides and Leather repealed,

except Arrears.

In lieu thereof the following

Drawbacks to be paid.

562

ChlO.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Drawbacks subject to Regulations herein mentioned

Former Regulations and Penalties in force.

For every Found Weight Avoirdupoife of Gloves or other Matt u fad ures made in Great Britain of any kind of tanned, tawed or curried Leather, chargeable by Law to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Boots or Shoes made in Great Britain, the Upper Leathery Vamps and Boot Legs of which are made of Morocco Leather, Spanish Leather or Kid Skins, for which the Duties in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Eight pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of all Sheep and Lamb Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence :

For every Pound Weight of all Buck, Deer and Elk Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Shilling:

For every Pound Weight of all other Skins, except Sheep and Lamb, Buck, Deer and Elk Skins, and of all Hides dressed in OS in Great Britain, and duly marked, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence :

For every Pouud Weight Avoirdupoife of all Buck, Deer, and Elk Skins dressed in Great Britain^ and made into Goods and Wares other than Gloves, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize, One Shilling and Three pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of all Gloves made of Leather dressed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of all Sheep and Lamb Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and made into Goods and Wares (other than Gloves), for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Brkam as Merchandize, Nine pence.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several Drawbacks by this Act allowed and granted shall and may be respectively paid and allowed in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Drawbacks hereby repealed, or the Drawbacks of Duties of Excise respectively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be paid or allowed, except so far as the same are altered by this Act; and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, so by this Act respectively entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general, and also to all and

every

A. D. 1816,

56° GEO. III.

C.110.

563

every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictiont and Forfeitures respectively, to which the Uke Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively were subject and liable, except as aforesaid, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the pafung of this Act relating to the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauies,

Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby dircfted and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and pot in Execution, for and in respect of the several Drawbacks of Duties of Excise hereby allowed and granted, in as full and ample a manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, except as aforesaid, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Ninth Year of ^he9Ann. c. it,

' Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for laying $

4 certain Duties upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or dreffect, and 4 upon VeUum and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty two Tears, for 4 profecuttng tbs War and other Her Majesty* most neftssary Oceafons,

and which Act was afterwards made perpetual, it is enacted, that ' if any Tanner or other Person or Persons shall, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and

eleven, (have or cause to be shaved any Hide or Calf Skin what-

soever before the same be thoroughly tanned, whereby such Hide or 4 Skin shall be impaired, and Her Majesty's Duty thereby diminished,

every such Hide or Skin, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited,

4 One Moiety to the Queen, and the other Moiety to him or them

that will inform or sue for the same: And Whereas it is expedient 4 to repeal the said recited Provision of the said Act ; Be it therefore

enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the same shall Provision in robe and is hereby repealed, save and except as to the Recovery of any cited Act pro-Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred |)'b, t|n8 in any Respect relating thereto before or upon that Day; and that repeated. from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for Tanners may any entered Tanner or Tanners to take out of the Wooze and (have take out of the any Hide or Skin, or to cut and separate therefrom the thin Parts Woote and thereof: Provided always, that every such Tanner or Tanners shall ?lave give Six Days* previous Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise gj^n^he under whole Survey he, (he or they shall then be, of his Intention or proper Officer. Delire so to do, specifying in such Notice the Day and Hour when he, (he or they will take any such Hides or Skins out of the Wooze, and the Number of such Hides or Skins respectively to be taken out, and whether the same are to be so taken out for the Purpose of being (haved, or for the thin Parts to be cut off and separated as aforesaid; and if any Tanner or Tanners shall take any Hides or Skins, or Parts Tanners remov-©r Pieces of Hides or Skins out of the Wooze for either of the Pur- inS or conceaKnf poles aforesaid respectively, or for any other Purpose, except by Hide^rom View ^lifting the same into other Wooze in the same entered Premises, o?*°fficer*

shall remove or conceal any Hide or Skin, or any Piece or Part thereof, not being the (having thereof, from the Sight or View of

O o 2 the

56*

C.110, 111

56" GEO. III.

A.D. 181&

Penalty. Carriers using Sumack in cur. rying Hides, See. except for colouring Leather, Penalty.

Hides taken out of Wooxe to be hung up separate from others till Account taken.

Penalty.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

the Officer, so that the Duties payable thereon shall not be duly charged, accounted for and paid, the Tanner or Tanners respectively so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Currier or Curriers, or other Person or Persons not being an entered Tanner, to use Sumack in or about the currying of any Hide or Skin, or in the Preparation or Dressing of any Leather, except only for the Purpose of colouring such Leather, upon pain of forfeiting for each and every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tanner, Tawer or Dresser of Hides or Skins, or Pieces or Parts of Hides or Skins, shall hang up such Hides or Skins, or Parts or Pieces of Hides or Skins, which he, (he or they shall take out of the Wooze for that Purpose, separate and apart from all Hides or Skins, and Pieces or Parts of Hides or Skins, hung up to dry, or taken out of the Wooze for that Purpose, on any former Day, and shall keep and continue the same, and every of them, so separate and apart, until the Surveying Officer shall have taken an Account thereof; and if any such Tanner, Tawer or Dresser shall refuse or neglect so to 'do, he, (he or they* shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to repeal Part of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland, to reduce the Drawback on such Spirits exported to Foreign Parts, and to make further Regulations for the Collection of the said Duties, and the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous and other Liquors in Ireland. [id July 1816.]

1 117 HEREAS it is expedient that Part of the Duty of Excise

W on Spirits made from Corn or Grain in Ireland should be

repealed, and that the Drawbacks on such Spirits exported from

Ireland to any Place except Great Britain should be reduced Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afferobled, and by

Duty or 6d. per the Authority of the same, That the Excise Duty of Sixpence Gallon ou Spirits granted and made payable upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitae, Strong granted by Waters or Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain repealed?* ma^ted or unmalted, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant an additional Duty of Excise in Ireland tif on Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain, mall ceade and determine, and shall be and the same is hereby

repealed,

A.IX1816. 56° GEO. III. G. 111.

repealed, for and in resp*d of all such Spirits which shall be made or distilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland, or which having been secured in any of His Majesty's Warehotifes pursuant to Law, shall be taken out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption in Ireland at any time or times from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That on all Spirits distilled from Cora in Ireland, and exported from thence to any Place except Great Britain, after the said Fifth July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, there shall be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks following; (that is to say, ) on all such Spirits which shall have been secured m any of His Majesty's Warehouses, and which shall be exported directly from and out of such Warehouse, the Sum of Four pence Farthing British Currency for every Gallon of such Spirits, for and in respect of the Duty on the Malt used in the making and distilling of such Spirits; and on all such Spirits as shall not be exported from such Warehouse, and as shall have paid all Duties imposed by Law thereon, the Sum of Five Shillings and Ten pence Farthing British Currency for every Gallon of such Spirits of a Strength not fess than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and the said Drawbacks shall be in lieu of all former Drawbacks on such Spirits respectively under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Drawbacks or Allowances by this Act allowed and made payable on the Ex. portation of Spirits, shall be paid and satisfied under and subject to all such Rules and Regulations as are contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland respecting Drawbacks; and that every Person claiming such Drawback or Allowance shall perform all fuen Requisites, and comply with such Regulations and Restrictions as are required to be performed and observed by Persons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback is payable for obtaining the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for all Spirits distilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland, which shall be in the Stock of any Distiller licensed to keep a Still, exceeding One hundred Gallons Content in Ireland, on the Morning of the Monday immediately preceding the said Fifth Day of July> there shall be allowed to the Distiller of such Spirits for every Gallon of such Spirits the Sum of Sixpence British Currency; and that upon all Spirits which shall be distilled or chargeable on and after such Monday there shall be charged upon every Gallon of such Spirits the Sum of Five Shillings and Sixpence British Currency, and no more; and the Officer in Charge of such Distillery shall make his Return and Charge of Duty accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Officers of Ex» cife in charge of the Distillery of any such Distiller shall, within Fourteen Day» after the said Fifth Day of JWV, make a Return in Writing to the Collector of Excise of the District in which such Distillery shall be situate, of the just and true Quantity of all Spirits in the Stock of such Distiller upon the Morning of the Monday next immediately preceding the said Fifth Day of July; and also of the Amount of the said Allowance of Sixpence upon every Gallon of such Spirits; and every such Officer shall leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand, with every such Diftwer, or at the Distillery of such Distiller, and shall trpnfmit a Duplicate of such

O o 3 Return

565

Drawbacks to be paid on Spirits exported (except to Great Britain) in lieu of former Drawbacks.

Drawbacks subject to formes Regulations.

Allowance for Spirits in Stock of Distiller licensed to keep a Still exceeding ioo Galions;

Duty for Spirits-distilled after a certain Day.

Officer to make Returns of Stock to Collector.

Copy to be left with Distiller, and one tran£» micted to Cos* mUSoners.

Clll.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Penalty.

Commissioners to order Payment of Allowance,

So much of any Act as regulates the Number of Charges of Low Wines, See. repealed.

Distillers to pay Duties for such Quantities of Spirits as might be produced from Number of Charges of Low Wines fj>ecified in Table annexed.

Further Duty in re(pe& of Stills for as much mare Spirits as might be produced.

Distiller keeping Still oft certain Content togire

Return to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland* upon Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Omission of so doing; and it Hull be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon the Application of such Distiller, and the said Commissioners are hereby required to make an Order or Orders for the Payment or Satisfaction to such Distiller of all such Sum or Sums of Money an under the Return of the said Officer shall to the said Commissioners appear to be payable to such Distiller in respect of such Allowance of Sixpence per Gallon of such Spirits, either by Payment of the Amount of such Allowance to such Distiller by the CoUe&or of the District, or by any Allowance or Abatement to such Distiller out of or in respect of any Duty of Excise on Spirits which may be or become payable or due from such Distiller, in such manner, and at such times, and under such Orders, Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions, as the said Commissioners shall from time to time think fit to make for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, at the time of the passing of this Act, as regulates or defines the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable where from any Distiller b chargeable with Duty in respect of any Still or Stills used by such DiftUler, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the Commencement of this Act every Distiller in Ireland shall for every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which any Still or Stills in the Distillery of such Distiller shall be chargeable as working under the Regulations or Provisions of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, be charged with and shall pay Duty for such respective Quantities of Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates specified in any Act or Acts in force from the several Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, severally set forth in the Table to this Act annexed, for and in respect of each and every such Still being of the several Contents in the said Table specified and contained, in lieu of the former Charges in respect of such Stills, and that the said Table, and all and every the matters therein specified and contained, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that every such Distiller shall over and above liich several Quantities respectively be charged with and shall pay Duty in respect of each and every such Still or Stills for as much more Stunts as might be produced according to the Rates in the said Acts specified, from all Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Distiller shall actually distil within every such Penod of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above such several Quantities respectively, and the Officer or Officers of Excise shall make a Return of the Quantities of such Spirits, and of the Duties thereon accordingly, and such Distiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned, under such Rules, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the regulating or securing the Colledxm of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

VIL Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Distiller licensed to keep a Still or Stills under One thousand

14 Gallons

A.D. 1816.

58s GEO. III.

C.111.

667

Gallon* Content* and exceeding One hundred Gallon* Content* shall Notice when he

insert in the Notice which he is bound by Law to give to the Col- intends to w<*k

le&or, Surveyor and Gauger before he commences or recommences Tl, rf not

to work a Still, or shall give Notice in like manner, Six Days before charre °n y*

the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight

Days, during which any Still shall be chargeable as working, that

such Di(tiller purposes to work any Still or Stills in his Pofleifion

during the next succeeding Period with Turf only not charred, and

not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, such Distiller

shall for every such Period, during which any such Still or Stills shall

be worked with no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged

with and pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be pro- Duty in such

duced (according to the Rates aforesaid) from Five Sevenths of case how charged

the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, to which such

Still would otherwise be liable, and also with Duty for as much

more Spirits as might bt produced according to the said Rates,

from all Walh, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines, which such

Distiller shall actually distil within such Period of Four Weeks or

Twenty eight Days, over and above the Quantity produceable from

such reduced Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines as

aforesaid: Provided always, that every such Distiller shall also, Six Notice also to

Days previous to the Commencement of any Period during which Com miffi oner*.

such Distiller purposes to work any Still or Stills in his Pofleifion

with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than

Turf not chaired, give Notice of such his Intention to the Com-

missioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and in default of giving every

such respective Notice, the Still or Stills of such Distiller so making

default shall be fnbie& and liable to the full Number of Charges of Penalty.

Singlings or Low Wines for the whole of such Period.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Still Working with

in the Pofleifion of any Distiller shall at any time during any Period Coal, ac. after " which Distiller shall have given Notice of working any such gg £££'to

Still of Stills with Turf only, be worked with any Coal, Coke, fuii Number of chaired Turf, or other Fuel than Turf not charred, every such Still Charges shall be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the whole of such Period, any thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller shall Coda, Ac. have given such Notice that he purposes to work any such Still or after " Stills in his Pofleifion, during any Period with Turf only as afore- Notice ofwork-said, it shall not be lawful for such Distiller to have or keep within ki* with Turf his Distillery or any Premises connected therewith, at any time during only, forfeited, such Period, any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not charred; and

if, during any such Period, any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not charred shall be found within the Distillery of such Distiller, or within any Premises connected therewith, all such Coal or other Fuel shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Distiller within whole Distillery or other Premises such Coal or other Fuel shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of T wo hundred Pounds; and such Penalty. Distiller shall also be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, for the said Period, for and in relpe& of ev^ill in his Distillery, which shall by Law be

considered as w< without any Allowance whatever, for or ia

Oo4

respect

568

C.lll. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 1816-

respect of the Use of Turf therein, and as' if every such Still had been worked with Coal during such Period.

Where an Of* X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful fice for granting for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, from limits is not time to time to order and dire ft that all Spirits distilled in the mMnmtoT I>iftilleiT of y Distille* in Ireland, in such Cities, Towns or order Spirit* to Places, wherein an Office for granting Permits shall not be be warehoused. established, and as shall be mentioned and specified in any Order to be made by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, shall be deposited in His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores, and that no Spirits distilled in such Distillery shall be sent out of such Diftfllery to any Place whatever except to'His Majesty's Warehouse or Stores, and that no such Spirits shall be sold, disposed of or delivered by such Distiller to any Person or Persons, until the same shall be ware* housed in such Warehouse or Stores, uoder the Regulations required by Law, or such other Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall from time to time make for that Purpose; and that from and after the time when such Order or Direction of such Commissioners shall be so made, it shall not be lawful for such DiftiHer

to fend any Spirits out of his Distillery or Stores contrary to such Order, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Spirits, and of the Casks or Vessels in which the same shall be contained, and the same shall In what case and may he seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and it shall only Permit to not be lawful for any Officer to grant any Permit for the Re-be granted for moval of such Spirits from the Distillery or Stores of such Distiller, Removal of such cxoept to such Warehouse, anything in any Act or Acts to the ^nt8, 'contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And Whereas it is expedient, for the further Encourage-

ment of Distillers licensed to keep Stills of or under One hundred 4 Gallons Content, that Spirits distilled in any such Still should be

allowed to remain in His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores for a

longer Period than Four Calendar Months, without Payment of 4 any Sum of Money after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum, on the Amount of the Duties on such Spirits ; Be it therefore

Spirit* distilled enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Spirits

from Stills of or which shall have been or shall be made or distilled in any Still of under xooGal- or under One hundred Gallons Content, and which shall have been bm* toremain^ or shall he warehoused pursuant to Law in any of His Majesty's n^Period with- Warehouses or Stores in Ireland, shall and may remain in any such out Payment of Warehouses or Stores for any Period without Payment of any such xo per Cent of Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds J>er Centum aforesaid, for or in Duty. respect of such Spirits upon the taking of the same out for Home

Consumption; and that it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, to order any such Spirits to In what Quan- be sold at the Expiration of such Period of Four Months; and that tine* Spirit* may^shall and may be lawful for the Distiller or other Proprietor of Home'con- of any Spirits to take such Spirits out of Warehouse for Home fumption. Consumption, in any Quantity not less than One hundred Galions, any thing in any Act or Acts in force to the contrary notwithstanding.

Spirits from XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing

Stills exceeding of thi8 Act it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Remain in Ware- 1°^ Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, and Vo use beyond they are hereby rtspectively authorized, upon Application made to

them

56° GEO. III.

C.111.

569

them for that Purpose, to allow any Spirits which shall have been or shall be made or distilled in any Still exceeding One hundred Gallons Content, and'which shall have been or (haO be warehoused pursuant to Law, in any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores in Ireland^ to remain in any such Warehouse or Stores, for any Period of time beyond such Period of Four Calendar Months, as to the said Commissioners shall seem fitting or expedient, and without Pay* ment of any such Sum after the Rate oi Ten Pounds per Centum aforesaid, for or in respect of such Spirits upon the taking of the same out for Home Consumption.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatever in Ireland shall have in his or her Custody or Pofiemon at any time after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, any Spirits in any Quantity whatever, the full Duties chargeable whereon shall not have been paid, or any Spirits in any Quantity exceeding One Galion, which shall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with a proper Permit or Permits to him, her or them, every such Person aforesaid shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and upon the Trial of any Information for the Recovery of the said Penalty, the Defendant or Defendants in such Information shall be cenvicted, unless due Proof shall be made by such Defendant or Defendants, that the full Duty on such Spirits had been duly paid, or that such Spirits were bought by or for such Defendant or Defendants, and received from a licensed Distiller, or some Person licensed to fell Spirits, or that the same were attended with proper Permit or Permits to such Defendant or Defendants, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller before he shall commence the working of any Still or Stills in any Year, and so in like manner before he mall recommence the working of any Still or Stills after any Discontinuance thereof, shall in addition to the respective Notices which he is by Law required to give of so commencing or recommencing to work, to the Collector of the District, and the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, give Six Days' Notice in Writing to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, setting forth the Day and Hour when such Distiller shall intend to commence or recommence to work any such Still respectively, as the case may be, and any Distiller who shall commence or recommence the working of any Still without having given such Notice to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, shall for each such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XV. And Whereas in and by an Act passed in the Forty sixth

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide

for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits 1 diJHlled in Ireland, and the IVarehoufing of such Spirits for Extortationf it is amongst other things enacted, that if any Distiller ' who shall have dffcontinued the working of any Still in manner

< mentioned in the said Act, shall intend to set at work again such

Still so discontinued, such Distiller shall give the several and re-

< spective Notices directed and appointed by the said Act, specifying 4 the Day and Hour on which he intends so to recommence the ' working such Still, and that such Day shall be on some Monday

1 not

the Period of Four Months -without such Payment.

Persons having Spirit* in Possession for which Duty has not keen paid, or having any Quantity exceeding a Gallon without a Permit. -Penalty.

Distillers before commencing the working of any Still to give Six Days' Notice to Commissioners.

Penalty.

46 G.3. c. 88.

§45-

570

C. 111.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Coramiftioners miy permit Distilleri to recommence the Working of Stills any Monday provided there are Four Weeks previous to the 19th September.

Recommencing In left then Four Weeks from Discontinuance without Permif-fiotu

DifHUezs not to work SdUs beyond Four Weeks chuged.

Officer to fatten of Stills.

not left than Four Weeks distant from the time of the last Discon-€ tinuance of the Working of such Still: And Whereas it may be

expedient in certain cases to allow Distillers to recommence the

working of any Still on some other MondayBe it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Cosnmvf-fioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, to permit or allow any Distiller to recommence the working of any StiB upon any Monday, although such Monday may not be Four Weeks distant frons the time of the last Discontinuance of the working of such Still, provided that such Monday shall be the Commenoonat of some whole Period of Four Weeks previous to the Twenty ninth Day of September in any Year, and provided also that fpecwl Application shall be for that Purpose made by such Distiller to the fad Commissioners Ten Days at least before the Day of such Recommencement, and upon good and sufficient Cause shewn, and that such Distiller shall give Six Days' Notice of his Intention of his being de-iirous of so recommencing to work to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller; and it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller after having obtained the Perauffian Or Allowance of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, far that Purpose, and having given such Notice as aforesaid to the Collector, Surveyor and Gauger as aforesaid (but not otherwise), to recommence the working ofany Still or Stills accordingly on the Monday mentioned in such his Application and Notice as aforesaid, and no other Day shall be mentioned in any such Application or Notice than some Monday which shall be the Commencement of some whole Period of Four Weeks previous to the Twenty ninth Day of Stp-tembtr, and every such Distiller shall in such case be changed and chargeable, and mall pay Duty in all respects as if such Monday of (b recommencing to work had been Four Weeks distant from the time of the last Discontinuance to work such Still, anything in the said recited Act of the Forty (ixth Year aforesaid, or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall recommence the working of any Still on any Day which shall be left than Four Weeks distant from the time of the last Discontmuanse of such Still, unless and until such Distiller shall have first had and obtained such Permission or Allowance aforesaid for that Purpose from the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, every such Distiller who shall so recommence contrary hereto shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any Still in the Distillery of any Distiller shall be chargeable as working under any Act or Acts in force in Inland for the regulating the Distillation of Spirits, and securing the Duties on Spirits diftilkd in Inland, for any Period of Four Weeks ending on the First Day of September, or on any Day subsequent to the said Day, and before the Twenty ninth Day of such Month of September in any Year, it shall not be lawful for the Distiller to continue to work such Still at any time beyond the End of such Period of Four Weeks, but the working of such Still shall be discontinoed at the End of such Period of Four Weeks, whether any Notice shall have been given for that Purpose or not t and it shall be lawful for the Officer of Excise in

charge

56° GEO. III.

C.111.

571

charge of such Distillery to strap down and fatten the Head of every such Still; and to proceed in all other respects as if Notice of the Discontinaance of the working of such Still had been given by the Distiller in manner required by Law in all cases of discontinuing the working of any Still; and it at any time after the End of the said Soils found at Period of Four Weeks, and before the said Twenty ninth Day of Work after such September, any such Still or Stills shall be found at work in the Dif- of l01* tillery of such Distiller, such Distiller shall be charged and chargeable ph.c* d l°itu^with the Duty payable in respe£t of the said Still for a full Period of Duty.

Four Weeks next enfuiag the Day upon which the working of such Still ought to have been discontinuea as aforesaid, and the Officer in charge of such Distillery shall make such Weekly Return or Returns during such Part of the said Period of Four Weeks as shall elapse at any time previous to the Twenty ninth Day of such Month of September, as is required by Law in cases where any Still shall be chargeable as working; and such Officer shall also, within Ten Days next after the Twenty ninth Day of such Month of September, mace a Return to the Collector of the District of a Charge upon such Distiller of all such Quantities of Spirits, and the Duties thereon, as, with the Quantities comprised in any such previous weekly Return or Returns, (Kali amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller shall be chargeable with Duty in respedk of such Still, for a full Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days; and such Distiller shall pay the Duty appearing by inch Return and Charge to have become due and payable within Six Days after such Return and Charge shall have been made, or shall for any Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged, although it may happen that the Licence of such Dif* tiller may have expired on the said Twenty ninth Day of September, and although such Still shall not have been actually at work at any time after itich Twenty ninth Day of September.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland\ from time to time to make such Regulations as they shall think fit, to ascertain and authorise the Amount of the Allowance or Deduction to be made out of any Charge of Duty arising from the Decrease of any Wash or Pot Ale, for or in respect of any Quantity of Low Wines or Singlings which may remain on Hand in the Distillery of any Distiller at the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks, or Twenty eight Days, during which any Still of such Distiller shall be chargeable as working in proportion to the Content of any such Still respectively $ and that it mall not be lawful for aYiy Officer to make any Allowance or Deduction whatever from any such Charge of Duty on any Distiller for or in respect of any Quantity of Low Wines or Singlings which may remain on Hand at the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which thle Still of any Distiller shall be chargeable as working, nor shall any Distiller be entitled at any time to any such Allowance or Deductioft from any such Charge of Duty, other than such Allowance and Deduction as shall be so ascertained and authorised by the said Commissioners, from time to time, in proportion to the Contents of the Still as aforesaid, except as is hereinafter provided with respect to the weekly Charges on Tech Distiller.

Penalty.

Allowances in respect of Decrease of Wash and of Low Wines in Hand at Expiration of Four Week*.

XIX. And

C.lll.

56" GEO. I1L

A.D. 1816.

Spirits exceeding Proportions herein stated to pay full Duty.

How Allowance made in respe£t of Decrease ef Waih and Singlings in Hand.

Officer to make Charges from Entries of Officer he succeeded.

So much of any Act as relates to Delivery of Account of Malt maihed, or as requires the Use of a Quantity of Malt in proportion to a Quantity ef Spirits, lie. repealed.

XIX. And be it further enacted* That if any Distiller shall make, distil, extract or produce any Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of Waft or Pot Ale decreased, or exceeding the Proportion of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of Low Wines or Singlings decreased, every such Distiller shall be charged with and shall pay the full Excise Duty for all such Spirits so produced exceeding the I respective Proportions aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Officer of Excise, in making up the Charge against any Distiller for any Week of any Period or Four Week* slave and except the Charge for the last Week of any such Period) upon the Decrease of Wain or Pot Ale, to make an Allowance to such Distiller for or in respect of the Quantity of Singlings remaining on band at the Expiration of such Week, save such Last Week as aforesaid, ) by deducing from the Charge of such Wash cm* Pot Ale the Amount of a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of such Singlings so remaining on hand as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer in charge of the Distillery of any Distiller shall be removed from the fiune, or shall die, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officer or Officers who shall succeed the Officer who shall be so removed, or'shall die, to make out and'return any Charge against such Distiller, from the Books and Papers kept and Entries made by such Officer who shall be so removed or shall die, relating to such Distillery, and

to the State thereof, and every such Charge so made out and returned from such Books, Papers or Entries, shall be a Charge on such Distiller, who shall pay the Duties so charged and returned, under and fubied to the like Rules, Regulations and Penalties, as if such Books, Papers and Entries were the Books, Papers and Entries of the Officer who shall make such Charge, and as if such Officer had been placed over such Distillery at the time such Entries had been made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much and such Parts of any Ad or Act in force in Ireland^ at the time of the passing of this Act, as relates to or requires any Distiller to produce and deliver an Account of the Quantity of Malt mashed or brewed by such Distiller, or to verify the same on Oath or Affirmation, or as requires any Distiller to use a Quantity of Malt in proportion to the Quantity of Spirits with which he shall be chargeable in any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, or as imposes any Penalty against such Distiller, for any Deficiency of such Quantity of Malt, or as relates to the Application of any such Penalty, or to the Payment of any Sum or Duty for or in respect of any such Deficiency by any Distiller, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed, save and except so far as may concern the prosecuting, suing for, recovering or levying any Fine or Penalty which shall have been or may be incurred under the said Acts, or any of them,t any time before the passing of this Act; and save and except such Parts of such Act or Acts as repeals or repeal any Provision or Provisions in any former Act or Acts relating to any such Account, or to the Use of any such Quantity of Malt, or to any Penalty in respect thereof, or to the Payment of

any

56° GEO. III.

B1 %

A.D. 1816.

C.1U.

any Sum or Duty for or in respect of any such Deficiency by any Distiller. -\

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall be duly licensed to keep an Hotel within the City of Dublin, or within One Mile of the said City, to have and obtain at his Desire, a Licence to fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, - Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, within such Hotel, and to be used and consumed therein only, upon Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds only and no more; subject nevertheless to the several Rules and Regulations with respect to the obtaining such Licence, as are contained and directed in and by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences, and to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences, and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the amending the said last recited Act, or for regulating the granting of such Licences: Provided always, that no Keeper of such Hotel, who shall be so licensed on the Payment of Seven Pounds only, shall fell or deliver any such Liquors to any Person for Sale, in any other manner than to be used and consumed within such Hotel by the Lodgers or Inmates of such Hotel, and shall not be entitled to vend or fell, nor shall vend, fell or send out any such Spirituous or other Liquors to any Person not being a Lodger or an Inmate of such Hotel, upon pain that every Person so licensed and so vending, fending out and felling such Spirituous or other Liquors contrary to this Act, shall be deemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and shall be liable to all Penalties and Forfeitures to which any Person or Persons are subject under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for retailing Spirituous or other Liquors without Licence.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for every Person to have and obtain at his Desire, a Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, within the Town of Ballinafloe, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein, on Payment of the Sum of Eleven Pounds only, and no more, any thing in the said last recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or in the Schedule thereunto annexed, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for amending the said Act, or for regulating the granting of such Licences, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding, subject nevertheless to the several Rules and Regulations with respect to the obtaining such licence, as are contained and directed in and by the said recited Acts or any of them.

XXV. And Whereas by the said Act made in the last Session*of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise 4 upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities in 4 Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licencest and 4 to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing

Hotel Keepers in Dublin may take out a Licence to retail Spirits, Wine, Beer, &c. paying 7h

55 & 3- c.19.

Sale of Liquors limited to the Inmates of the Hotel.

Penalty.

Licences may be taken out for Sale of Liquors in Ballinafloe, on Payment of ill.

55 0.3. c. 19. 5 47*

57*

C. 111.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Meaning of the Words M Market Town" explained.

Justices may summon before them Persont charged with felling Liquors without Licence.

Conviction.

Penalty.

Penalty not paid.

Tmprifooment.

Former Acts relating to the Collection of Duties on Spirits extended to Act.

4 of such Licences, and to &fcourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous 4 Liquors in Inland; it is among other things enacted, that it shall 4 be lawful for any Person in any Place in Ireland, where the 4 Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous and other Liquors is Ele- ven Pounds only, (such Place not being situate within any Market 4 Town, or within One Mile thereof, ) to obtain such Licence on 4 Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds: And Whereas Doubts

may arise as to the Meaning and Extent of the Words 44 Market

Town9 Be it declared and enacted, That the said Provision in the said recited Act shall extend to such Towns only in which a Weekly Market is actually holden throughout the Year s and that in Places situate within any Town where a Weekly Market is not so actually holden, such Licence may be granted on Payment of the said Sum of Seven Pounds in the said Act mentioned.

XXVL And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, within his Jurisdiction, to summon any Person charged with having fold any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglio or Mead by Retail without Licence, and to require, by the Summons to be issued, the Person summoned to bring with him or her, and to produce a Licence in force to such Person for felling such Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail; and in case such Person so summoned shall not appear, upon Proof on Oath made of the Service of such Summons or if such Person shall appear and shall not produce a proper Licence authorizing him or her to fell by Retail such Spirituous and other Liquors, then such Justice shall examine on Oath such Witness or Witnesses as shall appear before him, which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to admintfter; and if Proof shall be made before such Justice, or if it shall appear by the Confession of the Party that such Person did fell Spirituous Liquors, or any of such Liquors aforesaid, at any time within Two Months previous to the issuing of such Summons then such Justice shall convict the Person charged with having fold such Spirituous or other Liquors of such Offence, and such Person shall be liable and fnbjc& to a Fine or Penalty not exceeding Ten Poundsnd not left than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice, (exdufive of any other Penalty or Forfeiture to which such Person may by Law be liable to, or subject for such Offence, ) and such Justice shall adjudge such Person so convicted to forfeit such Sura accordingly. One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens of the Parish where such Offence shall have been committed, for the Use of the Poor therein; and in case such Penalty or Sum which such Person shall be so adjudged to have forfeited shall not be paid by the Offender immediately upon such Coa-viction, such Offender shall be committed to Gaol by such Justice, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and not left than One Calendar Month, at the Discretion of such Justice.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Rules Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery, prescribed, mentioned and contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland* shall be applied and put in practice in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if al! the

Clauses,

56° GEO. III,

C.11L

515

Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said Acts, or any of them, had been ex-pressly repeated and reenacted in this Act, and made applicable to the Provisions herein contained, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act, or any other Act or Acts, and that the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as one Ad, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as the same are compatible or confident with each other, and as the said Acts are amended and altered by this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied and applied, except as herein otherwise is provided, in such manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prefcnbed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the SecOqd, intituled An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impofi upon HisjMajeJly, his Heirs and Successors, according to the jBook of Kates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty (ixth Year of His present Majesty'a Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the federal Acts relating to the Kevenuest matters and things, under the Management of the Commissionere of Cujhms and Port Duties, and the Commtjftoners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, m fully and effectually to all Intents, Conltru&ions and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and ex pressed and reenacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty'a Revenue of Excise, is provided.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as the same relates to or concerns the Charges imposed on any Still or Stills by this Act, shall commence and take effect on the Monday Three Weeks next after the passing thereof, with respect to all Stills as to which such Monday shall be the Commencement of some Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days for which any such Still or Stills shall be chargeable by Law as working; but where such Monday Three Weeks next after the passing of this Act shall not be the Commencement of such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days for which any Still or Stills shall be chargeable aa working, then this Act shall commence and take effect with respect to such Still or Stills on the first or next Monday after the Monday Three Weeks next after the passing of this Act, which shall be the .Commencement of a Period ot Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, for which any such Still or Stills shall be chargeable by Law as working.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall, five and except as herein otherwise provided, commence and take effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Recovery and Application of Peualries.

Z4 k is Car. ». («)

46 G. 3. c. iod.#

Charges on Stills when to commence.

Commencement of Act.

Act may be altered, See.

TABLE

5*76

C.111, 112.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.l 816.

IJnHcensed Persont having Wilh or Singlings, and being Owners, &c. of unlicensed Stills.

TABLE referred to by this Act.

Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits prodnceable where from any Distiller in Ireland shall be chargeable with Duty, within a Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, in respect of every Still of such Distiller being of the several Contents following; that is to say.

Contents of the Still. Number of Charges.

3, 000 Gallons and upwards IOO

3, 000 not less than>7So 105

2, 750 Moo , o5

2, 500 2*250'no

2, 250 2, 000 fI5

2, 000 118

7S° M00

1, 500 1*250 130

1, 250 1, 000 140

1, 000 750 156

750 500 172

500 400 198

400 300 222

3°° _ 200 248

200 and exceeding 100 276

Not exceeding 100 and exceeding 6S 90

Not exceeding 65 and not less than - 44 120

CAP. CXH.

An Act to make certain Provisions for modifying the several Acts for imposing and levying of Fines, in respect of unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland. [ill July 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make certain Provisions for

V t regulating the imposing Fines in respect of illicit Distillation

of Spirits in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coufent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the padding of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Person in Ireland % outer than a Person duly licensed as a Distiller or Brewer, to have or keep in his or her Custody or Possession any Worts, Wash or Pot Ale (except for the Purpose of being made into Beer for the private Use of such Person, Proof of which shall lie on such Person), nor for any Person other than a licensed Distiller, to have or keep in his or her Custody or PolTeilion any Low Wines or Singlings whatever; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person to be Owner or Proprietor, or Part Owner or Proprietor, of any Still, other than such Person as shall be a licensed Distiller or Partner of such licensed Distiller, or a Brazier duly licensed to make or repair Stills, or Person otherwise duly authorized by Law; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person to have,

receive

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 112.

577

receive t>r derive any Benefit, Use, Profit or Advantage, of or from any Still, Still Head or Worm of a Still kept, used and worked in any Place not being the Distillery of a Di(tiller duly licensed, or of or from any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, made, brewed, fermented or distilled in any Place not being the Distillery of a Distiller duly licensed; and if any Person shall at. any time after the patting of this Act have or keep in his or her. Custody or Poffettion any Worts, Wasti, Low Wines or Singlings, . qt shall be Owner or Proprietor, or Part Owner or Proprietor of any Still, Still Head or Worm of a Still, or shall have, receive of derive any Benefit, Use, Profit or Advantage of or from any Still, Still Head or Worm of a Still, or of or from any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits contrary to the Provisions of this Act, every such Person shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, on Information on Oath of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Person or Persons, and on Examination into the Complaint, to commit such Person to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by. due Course of Law; and in case any Indictment shall be found against such Person or Persons, he, (he or they shall plead thereto without having time to traverse the same; and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convisted, to inflict such Punishment on such Person or Persons, for the first Offence, as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanor, and for the Second Offence, to sentence such Person so convicted to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or instead thereof it shall be lawful for the said Court to in did. either for the first or further Offence such Punishments as are respectively hereinafter provided.

4 II. And Whereas from the great Number of dissolute and dif-

orderly Persons who have been convicted and imprisoned for the

Offence of carrying on illicit Distillation, many of the Gaols in Ireland are so crowded as not only very much to endanger the f Health of the Prisoners, but also to mcrease the Depravity of their

Morals; and it is therefore expedient under certain Regulations 4 to provide other Places of Confinement for them: And Whereas 4 it will. tend to avoid the crowding of Gaols, and also to the Re-

formation of such Offenders, that they should be employed, under 4 certain Regulations, on Works for the Benefit of the Rivers and

Harbours of Ireland; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the patting of this Act, whenever any Person shall be convicted of a Misdemeanor under this Act, or any other Act or Act a for the Supprettion of illicit Distillation in Ireland, or shall be convicted of any Offence under this Act, or any of the said Acts, for which he shall be liable to be transported, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom any such Person shall. be so convisted, if such Court shall think fit, in the Place of any other Punishment for such Misdemeanor, or in the Place of such Punishment. by Transportation, to order and adjudge that such Offender, appearing to be of competent Age and free from any bodily Infirmity, shall be punished by being kept for such Term, not exceeding Two Years, in cases of any First Offence, and not exceeding Five Years in cases of any Second 91; further Offence, as such Court shall think fit, tq

; 5a.QEo/irI. P p ' 'order

Misdemeanor,

First Offence.

Punishment.

Second Oftfcnce. Punishment.

Person* convicted of Offences against Acts for Suppreiiion of illicit Distillation'may be confined Oil board Hulks/ and employed in cleansing the Riven and Harbours.

Second Offenc*

GL112.

5»*GEO.in,

AJX1816.

Wi*i Offenders conviffed on Evidence of Inhabitant,

Court to impose One Half only of the Fine.

older an d adjudge on board any Ship, Hulk or Veflfcl, properly accommodated for the Security, Employment and Health of the Portions to be confined therein, and by being employed in hard Labour in the raising Sand, Soil and Grarel from, and cleansing any River in Ireland navigable for Ships of Burthen, or any Port,

- Harbour or Haven in Ireland, such River, Port, Harbour or Haven being previously approved and appointed for that Purpose by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governor* of Ireland, and His Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, or in any other Service for the Benefit of the Navigation of any such River, Port, Harbour or Haven, or in any other public Works upon the Bank* or 8horea of any such River, Port, Harbour or Haven, under the Management and Dirc&km of such Superintendent or Superin-teadants as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and under such Rides, Regulations and Directions as shall from time «e time be made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and His Majesty's Privy Council of Mood, for the carrying such Punishment into effiefi.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Pterion shall be convicted at any Assizes of any Offence declared by this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force for the Snppression of Htidt Diftil-ktion in Ireland, to be a Misdemeanor, upon the Evidence of any Inhabitant (not being an Officer of Customs or Excise) of the Townlaad, District, Division or Place where such Offcnee was com* mitted, the said Inhabitant (or any other such Inhabitant) having previously given Information on Oath before a Justice of tie Pence of the County where such Offence was committed, at any time before the First Day of such Affixes, die Court before whom such Conviction shall be had shall fine such Townland, District, Division or Place in one Half only of the Stun which by Law such Townland, District, Division or Place would be subject to, provided that finch Conviction shall be had at the same Assizes at which the Fine shall be fought to be imposed on such Townland, District, Division or Place and such Court shall in such case also suspend the levying of such Half of such Fine for the Term or Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the First Day of such Assizes; and in case no Fine shall be imposed on such Townland, District, Division or Place, for or on account of any Offence committed against any Act or Acts for the Suppression of illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, within such Twelve Calendar Months next after the First Day of such Assizes, then such Half of such Fine so imposed and fulpended as aforesaid shall be altogether remitted, and shall not be levied off such Townland, District, Division or Place; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, Twtto Months, that if any Fine shall be imposed on such Townland, District, Dm-fion or Place, for or on account of any such Offence which shall be committed within such Twelve Calendar Months a* aforesaid, then and in such case such Half of the Fine which shall have been So imposed* and the levying of which shall have been fafpended aa aforesaid» shall and may be forthwith levied in the Same manner and with th* tike Powers in all Respects, as any Fine may be levied under any Act or Acts for the Suppression of illegal Diftiuation, in case* where a* Apploiment shall have been made under feck Ad or Ads-

IV. And

Proviso.

And suspend the levying thereof, which shall be wholly remitted if the Townland, fcc. shall not be fined for aiiy future Offence committed within a Year after. Pvoviso where Townland, Ac. fined within

AJX181& 56° GEO. III. C. 112.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if on any Trial or Proceeding* at any Assizes, for the Purpose of or relative to the irapofing of any Fine on any Townland, DidriA, Division or Place, for or on account of any unlicensed Still, or any Part of a Still, or any Apj>eadage to a Still, or any Worm or any Utensil for (Milling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found or used respectively in any Place within such Town-land, DidriA, Division or Place, in case it shall be satisfaAorily made to appear to such Court by due Proof, that Information in Writing on Oath was given to the Justice of the Peace, or Officer of Excise or Customs respectively, redding neared the Place where the Offence shall have been committed, by an Inhabitant (not being aa Officer of Cudoms or Excise) of such Townland, DidriA, Division or Place, which Information the said Justice and Officer are hereby authorized to take, of such unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or Worm, or Utensil for diddling Spirits, or Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found or used respectively in such Place within such Townland, Dif-triA, Division or Place, in consequence of which Information such Still or any Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or any Utensil for diddling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, shall have been seized, and such Trial or Proceedings shall have been indituted; or if it shall also in like manner be made to appear to such Court, that the Offender was tried and convicted of such Offence on the Information and Evidence of such Inhabitant, or of some other such Inhabitant of such Town-land, DidriA, Division or Place, then and in such case it shall not be lawful for such Court at the said Assizes to impose any Fine whatever on such Townland, DidriA, Division or Place, for or on account of such Offence respecting which such Information shall have been given, and such other Proceedings and ConviAion had as afocesaid, any thing in this A A or in any other A A or A As to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Court at any Assizes to proceed to try or determine any Information far any Offence, on account whereof any Townland, DidriA, Division, Place or House shall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the Suppression of illicit Ddbilarion, on the Commission Day or Fird Day of such Assizes; any thing in any such Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding': Provided always, that every such Court shall and they are teceby required to try and determine all such Informations, and all Iffuea and Traverses, matters and things relating to or concerning such Informations, at some time during the Continuance of such Affizet.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of Custonu or Excise shall find or difeovey any unlicensed Still, or any Part oi a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or any Utensil for diddling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singling*, for or in relpeA whereof the Person who shall use or have the same would be subject to any Penalty or Punishment, or the Town-lapd, DidriA, Division or Place within which the same shall be found cm u/ed would) be fobjpA to- any Fine or Penalty, every such, Office^ Audi and he ill heasby respectively required, within: Six Days after

P p 2 such

S7S

No Fine (hell be impof'd on my Townland, where Information of Offence is given by Inhabitant, and Still, &c. feised and Offender convicted thereon.

Informations for Still Fines not to be tried on the First Day of Assize.

Officer feixing any illegal Still, Sic. to give Notice to Collector of Excise in District, who shall proceed in manner herein dir oiled.

C. l

56° GEO. III.

A.D.isie:

Collector to transmit Schedules of Notices to the Collector of Grind Jury Oefs, and give public Notice of Contents thereof

Defect in respect of Notices Audi not vidate Proceedings on Trills for Fines, .

such Finding or Discovery as aforesaid, to give Notice thereof in Writing to the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes of the District in which any such unlicensed Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Uteniil lor distilling Spirits, or such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall have been so found or discovered, specifying the particular Articles, and the time of the Finding or Discovery of the same, and setting forth the Name of the Parish, Townland, District, Division or Place in which the Place shall be situate, where such unlicensed Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utensil for distilling, or such Warn, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall have been found or discovered, and describing the Situation in such Parish, ' Townland, District, Division or Place, and the particular Place in which such unlicensed Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utensil, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall have been found or discovered; and every such Collector who shall receive such Notice shall Twice in every Month, that is to (hr, on or before the Second and Fourth Wednesday in each Month, transmit or cause to he transmitted, to the Collector of the Grand Jury Cess in each Barony or Half Barony, or County of a Town or City, within which the Place shall be situate where such unlicensed Still, or Part of or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utensil for distilling, or Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall have been found or discovered, an Abstract or Schedule of all such Notices relating to any such Finding or Discoverey, had within such Barony or Half Barony, County of a Town or City, which such Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes shall have received up to the Saturday next preceding such Wednesday; and such Collector of Grand Jury Cefa shall, on the Saturday next after such Second and Fourth Wednesday respectively, give public Notice of the Contents' of such Abstract, by polling a Copy thereof, or causing the same to he posted on or at the Church, Chapel, Meeting House, Market House or Market Place within the Barony or HalFBarony, or County of a City or Town within which the Place shall be situate, and which shall be neared to the Place where such Offence was committed $ and such Collector of Grand jury Cess shall also from time to time, on Demand, produce such Abstract to any Inhabitant of any such Barony or Half Barony, County of a Town or City, liable to the Payment df Grand Jury Cess therein, who shall require to fee and peruse the same* at any reasonable time in the Day time, at the usual Dwelling Place of such Collector.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Trial of any Information or other Proceedings for any Fine or Penalty against any Townland, District, Division or Place, or for any Offence against any Act or Acts for the Suppression of illicit Difullation of Spirits, it shall not be necessary to prove or give in Evidence, that any such Notice had been given by the Officer of Customs or Excise to the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, or that such Collector had transmitted an Abstract or Schedule of such Notice to the Collector of Grand Jury Cess, nor shall any Omission or Neglect in the giving any such Notice, or in traufmitting any Abstract or Schedule of the same, or in making the Contents of such Abstract or Schedule known and public, nor mall any Defect in any such Notice or Ab* strad or Schedule, which shall be given or transmitted, or any Variance between the same, and any Information or other Proceeding

AJX1S16.

66* GEO.IIL

C. 112.

691

for or relating to any such Fine or Penalty, in any manner vitiate or xfteft such Information or other Proceeding, but every such Inform* arion or other Proceeding shall and may be tried, had and determined in all respects, as if the Regulations herein contained relating to such Notice, Abstract or Schedule had not been made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of Grand Jury Cess shall neglect or omit in any Instance to make known and public the Contents of any such Abstract or Schedule which shall have been transmitted to and received by him, by polling a Copy thereof in manner aforesaid, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to produce such Abstract to any Inhabitant of any Barony or Half Barony, or County of a Town or City, liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cess therein, on Demand of such Inhabitant at a seasonable time in the Day time, at the usual Dwelling Place of such Collector, every such Collector shall for every such Neglect or Refusal, or Omiilion, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Civil Bill at the Quarter Sessions of the Justices of the Peace, in the proper County, County of a Town or City in Ireland, by any Person who shall lue for the same, and the Money recovered by such Civil Bill Stall be applied to the Use of the Person suing for the same.

IX. And Whereas in and by an Act made in the Fifty fourth

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to consolidate

and amend the Regulations contained in federal Acts of Parliament,

for imposing and levying of Fines upon Pari/bes, Town lands and other

Places, in respeB of toe unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland,

the Parishioners in Vestry assembled are authorized to elect One or

more Person or Persons for the Purpose of discovering or profe-

curing all Offences against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for

the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits

(Milled in Ireland: And Whereas it may tend towards effectuaring g the Purposes aforesaid if additional Powers were given to the

Person or Persons so elected ; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, if they shall deem it expedient so to do, upon the Representation of the Churchwardens of any Parish in Ireland* to grant and issue, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the rime being, a Commission commonly called a Preventive Commission, to each and pvery Person who shall have been or shall be so elected for the Purposes aforesaid; and every such Person shall have full Power and Authority to act under such Commission; and all and every the Clauses, Regulations, Provisions, matters and things contained in any Act or Acts, for the Protection of the Officers of the Revenue, shall extend to and shall be applied to and put in practice with re-(peft to each and every such Person acting in the Performance or Execution of his Duty under such Commission, as fully and effect-ually in all respects as if such Clauses, Regulations, Provisions, matters and things were herein repeated and reenacted with regard to such Person or Persons.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful in all cases for the Court before whom any Person shall be tried and convicted of any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the Suppression of illicit Distillation, to order, upon the Request of the Frolecuter, the Treasurer of the County, County of a City

Pp 3 or

Collector of Grand Jury CgS neglecting bit Duty.

Penalty.

Preventive

Commission may be issued by Commissioners of Excise, with Content of Lord Lieutenant, to Persons appointed by Parities as ln-fpedors under J4G.3. C.IJO. to prosecute for illegal Distillation.

On Convidioo of Offender, Court may order Prosecutor to be paid his Expenses.

-£8£

a ns.

66° GEO. III.

A.D. 1S16.

to Clerk of Crown.

Grind Jury to present such Sixpences, to be Ip vied off Town-land, &C.

Illicit Spirits seized conveyed to Excite Stores, and there ipilled in Pretence of Collector and an Inspector of Ex-rife.

Reward to feiz-ing Officer.

Persons keeping Kilns or Milk for drying or grinding Corn or Malt to dclhrei Account thereof to CoUe&or, who (lull register same.

or County of a Town in which the Offence shall be consulted, to pay unto such Prosecutor such Sum of Money at to the said Carnet null seem reasonable, for the Expencet and Loss of time of lock Prosecutor, which Order the Clerk of the Crown is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver to such Prdfecutnr, upon being paid for the same the Sum of One Shilling, and no 1 more; and the Treasurer of the said County, Town or City u hereby authorized and required forthwith to par to such Prosecutor or other Person authorized to receive the same, such Sum of Money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the same in his Accounts; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury at each and every Affixes and Presenting Term, and they are hereby required to present all such Sums as fhatl have been so paid by die Treasurer of the County, County* of a City or County of a Town, under any such Order, and which shall not have been previously preseated; such Sums to be presented, raised and levied off the Townland, Dilnft, Division or Place in which the Offence shall have been committed, in inch manner as any Presentment of a Grand Jury may be raised and levied.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits which shall hate been or shall be seized, as having been illicitly made or distilled, shall, immediately upon the Seizure thereof, be conveyed to and departed in the Stores of the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes of the District in which the same shall have been seized, or in the like Stores of the next neighbouring District to which the fuse can be conveniently conveyed; and the Strength and Quantity of such Spirits having been ascertained and taken an Account of, such Spirits shall, after Condemnation thereof, be spilled and effectually destroyrd in the Presence of the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of such District respectively, and of an Inspector General of Excise, or other Officer to be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissiooeii shall in that behalf order or direct; and that the Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persona seizing any such Spirits, shall receive such Reoompence or Reward for seizing the same as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall keep any Kihi for the drying of any Cora, Grain or Malt, shall, within One Calendar Month after beginning or continuing to keep such Kiln or Mill respectively, make out, ftga and deliver a Return or Account in Writing to the Gauger or other Officer in charge of the Walk in which fad) Kiln shall be fituatc; and that every Person who shall keep any Mill for the grinding of Corn or Grain or Malt, shall make out, sign and deliver n Return or Account in Writing to the Collector of the Didrift in which such Mill shall be situated, specifying and describing in such Return or Account respectively the Name and Place of Abode of such Fexfoo, and the Place where such Kiln or Mill is respectively situated; and every such Person shall cause to be painted in Oil Colour, in Black upon a White Ground, or m White upon a Black Ground, on the Gut&de of the Door of or Place of Entrance to every such Kiln or Mill respectively, or on a Board to be affixed or etefted on (bine

confpicuout

56* GEO. lit

C.rii.

confpicuoos Part of the Outside of such Kiln or MtH respedivdy, in legible Letters, at lead Three laches in Length, the Name and Surname of the Owner or Proprietor of such Mill or Kiln; and every such Ganger or Officer and Collector who shall receive any such Return or Account respectively shall register the same, and shall grant a Certificate of such Account and Registry, by giving a Copy thereof figoed by him; and if any Person shall keep any Kiln £br the drying of any Corn or Grain or Malt, or shall keep any Mill for the grinding of any Corn or Grain or Malt, without having made out, Sgoed and delivered such Account as is by this Act required, every such Person who shall keep any such Kiln shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds $ and every Person who shall keep any inch Mill shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and all Corn or Grain or Malt which shall be found in or on any such Kiln or Mill respectively shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and if upon any luck Kiln or Mill the Name and Surname of the Proprietor thereof respectively shall not be and remain so painted and legible as aforesaid, the Person to whom such Kiln or Mill respectively shall belong shall for-fast the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Return or Account of any such Mill shall be received, entered or registered by such Collector, the Person who shall keep such Mill shall, with One or more sufficient Surety or Sureties, enter into a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, conditioned to pay all such Fines or Penalties as such Person shall cr may by Law be subject or liable to, for or on account of such Person having in his Mill any Malt for which such Person shall not have or produce a proper Permit for the Removal thereof to such Mill as by Law required; and also conditioned that such Person shall not receive or grind, or suffer to be received or ground in such Mill any Malt whiro shall not be attended by a proper Permit or Permits for the Removal thereof to such Mill.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, at any time in the Day time to cuter and search any Mill for the grinding of any Corn or Grain or Malt, situate in any District in Ireland* mentioned in any Notice which shall have been or which shall or may from time to time be given by the , Cotnmissionert of Inland Excise and Taxes in Irclandy of the putting into Execution in such District the Provisions of the Laws for the Suppression of illicit Distillation; and if such Officer or Officers shall not on Demand, within a reasonable time after such Demand made at the Place of Abode of the Person keeping such Mill, obtain Admittance into such Mill, it shall and may be lawful, for such Officer or Officers in the Presence of a Constable or other Peace Officer, who is hereby respectively authorized and required to braiding and assisting therein, to break open and enter such Mill, and -every Store and Room therein, and make search for any Malt which inch Officer or Officers shall or mar have reasonable or probable Cause to suspect to be concealed or fraudulently deposited therein.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Gauger employed in the Service of the Excise shall be entitled to receive nis Salary, or any Put thereof^ at any time from and after the Tenth Day of OBober One ihoolni eight mmdfed and fixtetn, unless and until such Gauge*

Pp*shall

*SS

Officer to give Certificate of Registry.

Keeping Kiln or Mill without de*» Uvering Account;

Penalty.

Penalty.

Name not poos: edon Kiln o» MUL

Penalty.

Persona keeping Milla to enter into Bond to pay Penalties for having Malt without Permit*

If refuTed Admittance, Officers may break open Mills and search.

No Gauger to receive hit Salary, until ho dial] have fwofq Ast he had not

58*

C. 112.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

known or hat Information of any Offence in his Walk, of which Notice has not been given, and which has not been proceeded egainst

Notice to he given of Sale of Distress for Town land Fines.

Proviso for Goods distrained during Fair or Market*

shall have made Oath, before the Collector of Excise or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Gauger shall be employed, which Oath every such Collector or Officer in hereby authorized to administer, that from the time of the last previous Payment of Salary to such Gauger, such Gauger hath not known, or hath not had or received any Information of any Spirituous Liquors having been sold by Retail without Licence in any House within the Walk of such Gauger; and that he hath not known, or hath not had or received any Information against any Person distilling, having or felling any Spirits which shall nave been unlawfully made or diftuled in Ireland* or that if such Gauger hath known or had Information of any such Offences, he hath duly communicated the Particulars of such his Knowledge or Information to some one of his superior Officers, and that he hath also on his own Part endeavoured or used his utmost Exertions to detect and punish the Person or Persons guilty or supposed to be guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever -any .Distress shall be taken or made on the .Goods, Chattels or Effects of any Inhabitants or Inhabitant of any Townland, District, Division or Place in Ireland, for or on account of any Fine or Fines, or for any Sun or Sums of Money applotted on any such Inhabitant or Inhabitants, in respect of any Fine or Fines imposed on such Townland, District, Division or Place, under any Act or Acts for the Suppression of illicit Distillation, the Person or Persons who shall have taken and made such Distress shall keep the Goods, Chattels and Effects so distrained, .until Twelve o'Clock at Noon of the Fourth Day next following the Day on which such Distress shall be made, before the same (hau be sold and disposed of, unless such Distress shall be sooner redeemed by the Payment of such Fine, 'or such Part thereof for which such Distress shall have been made; and such Person or Persons shall give or cause to be given public Notice in Writing of the time and Plxe of the Sale of such Distress, specifying and describing in such Notice the Goods, Chattels and Effects so distrained and intended to be sold; and such Notice shall be posted on the Door of the Church, Chapel or Meeting House in and nearest to the Place where such Distress shall have been made, Two Days at least before the Day of Sale; and the reasonable Expences of keeping and detaining such Distress, and of giving such Notice, shall be paid out of the Produce of the Goods, Chattels and Effects so distrained: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to sell and dispose of any such Goods, Chattels or Effects so distrained, during the time of any Fair or Market which shall be holden on any Day on which such Distress maybe made, or which may intervene between the Day of such Distress and the Expiration of Four Days next afterwards, and although no Noticeof Sale shall have been given as aforesaid.

1 XVII. Arid Whereas it is among other things enacted, by the

said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's

Reign, that Notice shall be posted for the Purpose of requiring «H 4 Persons liable to Grand Jury Cess in any Townland/* Place, District

or Division, to meet to applot any Sum or Sums in which any such 4 Townland, Place, District or Division shall have been fined, within

Ten Days after such Townland, Place, District or Division shall

have been so fined; and it is expedient .that the time for pasting

such Notice should be enlarged; ' Be it. therefore, enacted*: That

from

A.D. 1816.

£6* GEO. III.

C.lTfc

$8*

From and after the passing of this Act such Notice Hull and may be Notice for Ap. posted at any time not lew than Twenty Days, and not more distant Pfotn, ent of than Thirty Days, after the Townland, Place, District or Division shall hare been so fined, and that such subsequent Proceedings shall^Days*be bad upon and after such Notice for the applotting and levying of after they are any such Fine, as by the said Act are directed or required to be had* impofod. upon and after such Notice required to be polled within Ten Days by the said recited Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the paff- OfTraverfer* rag of this Act, whenever any Person shall appear at any Assizes or under Presenting Term, to offer to controvert or prove any Fad allowed by j4 G*

Law to be controverted or proved, for the Purpose of preventing afe^J

any Fine from being imposed on any Townland, Place, District or Mii'demeanor. Division by way of Traverse, in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Acts for the Suppression of illicit Distillation; it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Crown and every other Officer of the Court, or Jud^e at such Assizes or Presenting Term, to a/k, demand, take or receive such Fees, as such Clerk of the Crown.

and other Officer or Officers of the Court, or Judge, is or are by Law entitled to a(k, demand, take and receive in cases of Traverse

on any Indictment for Misdemeanor, and no greater or other Fees$ any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expir- Power to Com-ation of Ten Days next after the passing of this Act, so much of any missionerstoap-.Act or Acts made in the last Session of Parliament for amending pointCoUe&ors the Several Acts relating to Fines in respect of unlawful Distillation of in Ireland, whereby it is enacted or provided that it shall be lawful forepC4 the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland to appoint any Person or Persona for the collecting and levying of such Fines in all or any of the Counties, Counties of Cities or Towns in Ireland,

/hall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after Regulations for the Expiration of Ten Days next after the passing of this Act, it the Appointment shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Go- Vs

-vernor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, whenever it shall j^ord Lieutenant appear expedient to him or them so to do, at his or their Discretion, of Ireland, to appoint any Person or Persons for the collecting and levying such Fines in all or any of the Counties, or Counties of Cities or Towns in Ireland, and to order that Notice shall be given by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by Publication in the Dublin Gaxette, that it has been deemed expedient by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to appoint such Person or Persons for the levying and collecting of such Fines, and to require the Treasurer or Treasurers of any such Counties, Counties of Cities or Towns, which shall be mentioned in such Notice; and all and every Collectors and Collectors em--Collector, and all and every Persons and Person who shall have been P0Wer* by

empowered by such Treasurer or by the said Commissioners of Inland

Excise and Taxes, to deliver up, within such time as shall be men- rai^f Jo'crf.* tinned in such Notice, all and every Warrant and Warrants which kaort appointed shall not at such time have been fully executed, to the Person or Per- by Lord Lieu-

fo&s who shall be so nominated, and appointed by the said Lord Lieu- tenant.

tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to receive and execute such Warrants t snd upon Demand made to him qt them for

a us.

56° GEO. III.

AD.1S1&

MS

Penalty.

Collect on appointed by Lord Lieutenant empowered to proceed.

that Purpose by the Person or Perfoas, or any of them lb nominated tad appointed by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, every such Treasurer, CoHedor or other Person fliafl deliver up all such Warrants accordingly, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for each Warrant which such Treasurer or Collector or other Person shall not, on such Demand made, so deliver up $ and every such Person and Persons so nominated and appointed to receive and execute the said Warrants, shall and they are hereby respectively authorized, empowered and required to levy all and every the Fine and Fines which shall be mentioned in any such Warrant or Warrants, and to execute or complete the Execution of t e said Warrant or Warrants, with like Powers and Authorities, and in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Collectors of Grand Jury Cess, or other Person to whom such Warrants had been granted or delivered, were empowered to exercise and might or could have executed the same, and with all the like Remedies is

Penalties of ooool. how recovered, See.

Lnvd Lieutenant empowered to invoke Appointment made oy Commif-fiemers.

Collect on appointed by Lord Lieutenant to be instead of the ocher Collectors.

Commifffonets of Exrife, with Consent of rred-fury, may relieve Persons from Pines on Town-lands.

case of Nonpayment thereof or of any Part thereof as are prescribed by Law with respect to any Money to he levied under any Prefeat-tnent of a Grand Jury; and every such Fine, Penalty or Sum of Two hundred Pounds shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record in Ireland, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction (and which Court is hereby fully authorized to take Cognizance of the same) by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; and in such Proceedings no EfToin, Protection, Wager of Law nor more that One Imparlance shall he allowed*and the Money recovered by inch Action or other Proceeding shall he applied, as to the One Half thereof, to and for the Ule of the Person suing for the same, and the other Half to and for the Use of the Infirmary of the County, or County of the City or Town, as the case may be; and in case k shall seem expedient to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor Or Governors of Ireland, to revoke or annul any Appointment which shall have been made by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise sad Taxes of any Person or Persons to collect and levy any such Fines as aforesaid, it shall he lawful for such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors so to do, without appointing any other Person or Persons for that Purpose.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Person so to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Goio* nors of Ireland, for the Collection of such Fines, shall ftsnd in dr Place and Stead of the Persons appointed by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and shall have all such Powers and Authorities as the Persons so appointed by the said Commissioners.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passim of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Infsad Excise and Taxes in Ireland, (by and with the Consent and Appto-bration, and under the Directions of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, ) upon the Application of any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of Grand Jury- Cefe» in any Townland, Place, District or Division in Ireland, on which Fine shall have been imposed under any Act or Acts for the So] fion of illicit Di(filiation in Ireland, to grant such Relief to fuel fan or Persons against the Payment of such Fine, or any Part thereof, sb to the Commuftmers of Inland Excise and Tates shall'seem -

AJD.18I6.

56° GEO. IlL

C. 112, H3<

B$7

and expedient, and as shall be approved of by the (judCoanissioners

for executing the Office of Lord High Treafuter of Inland* and under such Directions and Regulations as the said last mentioned Commissioners shall make in that behalf.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Ckuses, Autho- Former Alb rities, Rules, Regulations and Provisions contained in the said recited extended to AA. Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty'* Reign, and also all the Claules, Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Provisions contained in Two several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament for amending the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year, shall be applied in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effediually as if the same were repeated and reenadied in this Act, except so for as the same are repealed or altered by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts, and that the said Acts and this Act shall be construed to* gethcr as one Act, so far as the same are compatible and confident with each other; and that the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or inflicted by this Act shall and may (in all cases not otherwise pro-vidrd for) be sued for, recovered, levied and applied in such manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth 14 & 15 Car. % . Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, (L) intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impofi upon His Majesty* his Heirs and Succefors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or by any other Law or Laws relative to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Customs in force in Ireland, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and exprefTed, and reenacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Act of Excise, or any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise in Ireland» is provided.

cap. cxra.

An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, Cyder, Perry or Spirits in Great Britain, and for imposing other Duties in lieu thereof.

[ill July 1816.]

WHEREAS lt ^pedient to repeal the several Duties and Sums of Money now payable by Law for Licences for9retailing Beer or Ale, and Cyder, Perry or Spirits in Great Braitin %

9 and that several other Duties and Sums of Money should be im-9 posed and made payable in lieu thereof $* Be it therefore rnacted, by The King's Most Exellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cionfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight Duties on Li-hundred and sixteen, the Duties and Sums of Money now payable by cences for rouil-Law for or in respect of Licences for retailing Beer or Ale, Cyder, in8 Spirits, Perry or Soirits, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and reP*a, ed» except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to anyone, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures

relating

and instead thereof the following Duties*

On Beer Licences,

and on Spirits Licences.

Duties to be under Manage-

C.11S. 56" GEO.'III. A.D. 1816.

relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on that Day.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and (izteen, in lieu of the Duties and Sums of Money payable as aforesaid, and hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid throughout Great Britain, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successon, for and upon all Licences to be taken out according to the Laws is each case made and provided by Retailers of Beer or Ale, Cyder, Perry or Spirits within Great Britain, to be paid by such Retailers respectively, the several annual Sums of Money hereinafter mentioned; that is to (ay,

Every Person who shall fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or who fhaQ fell Cyder or Perry to be drank or consumed in his, her or their Hode or Premises, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid.

If the Dwelling House in which such Person shall, at the time of taking out such Licence, reside or retail Beer or Ale, or fdl Cyder or Perry to be drank or consumed as aforesaid, shall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting Duties on inhabited Housesat a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, Two Pounds and Two Shillings :

If rated as aforesaid at Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds, Three Pounds and Three ShiUings: If at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards. Four Pounds and Four Shillings.

And every Retailer of distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters in Great Britain, not being a Retailer of plain Aqua Vitae only, shade Or distilled from Brityb Materials in that Part of Great Bn-''tain called Scotland, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid, If the Dwelling House in which such Retailer shall reside or retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, at the time of taking out such Licence, shall not, together with.the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied,

be rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Paris* ment, for granting Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, Five Pounds and Five ShiUings:

' If rated as aforesaid, at Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds, Six Pounds and Six Shillings:

If'at T wenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty five Pounds, Eight Pounds and Five ShiUings:

If at Twenty five Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Thirty Pounds, Eight Pounds and Seventeen Shillings:

If at Thirty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Forty ( Pounds, Nine Pounds and Nine ShiUings:

If at Forty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Fifty Pounds, Ten Pounds and One Shilling:

If at Fifty Pounds per Annum or upwards, Ten Pounds and Thirteen Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act iraposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Enr-

md

AJX1816. 56° GEO. III. C. 118, 114.

land shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise* in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall artfe in Scotland mall be under the Management of the .Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Sums of Money above mentioned, and hereby imposed and made payable as aforesaid, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, an fwere d, paid, recovered and adjudged in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Waya or Methods, by which the former Duties of Excise respectively, of the* same kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated or allowed, and the* Retailers and Persons respectively before mentioned shall be, and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which such Persons hr general, and also to all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Persons respectively were subject or liable, by any Act or Act of Parliament m force immediately before the palfing of this Act relating to the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, Audi and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise and Sums of Money hereby charged and made payable respectively, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said.Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties-or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

V- And be it forther enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties and several Sums of Money by this Act imposed and made payable as aforesaid, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the (ameexcepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster % and the said Money so paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain*

' VI* And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Pro* vifiaas thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to regulate the Conveyance of Passengers from the

United Kingdom to the United States of America, in British

Vessels. [ i ft July 181, 6.J

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the ' Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulate

ing the Vcjjele carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to, HU

Majesty7i Plantation! and Settlement! Abroad or to Foreign Part!, with respeQ to the Number of such Pajftngen; it was enacted,

that

589.

ment ifCotn-mifliouers of Excise.

Duties how levied.

Duties carried to

Coofolidated

Fund.

Ad nuy be altered, Ac. i .

43 O.3. c.56.

C. 112.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816;

Golleftor to transmk Schedules of Notices to the Collector of Grand Jury Oefs, and give public Notice of Contents thereof

Defeat in respect of Notices shall not vitiate Proceedings on Trials for Fines.

stich Finding or Discovery at aforesaid, to give Notice thereof in Writing to die Collect or of Inland Excise and Taxes of the District in which any such unlicensed Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utensil for diddling Spirits, or such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall have been so found or discovered, specifying the particular Articles, and the time of the Finding or Discovery or the lame, and fetdng forth the Name of the Parish, Townland, District, Division or Place in which the Place shall be situate, where such unlicensed Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utensil for diddling, or such Warn, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall have been found or discovered, and describing the Situation in such Parish, Townland, District, Division or Place, and the particular Place in which such unlicensed Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utensil, Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall have been found or discovered $ and every such Collector who shall receive such Notice shall Twice in every Month, that is to (ay, on or before the Second and Fourth Wednesday in each Montn, transmit or cause to be transmitted, to the Collector of the Grand Jury Cess in each Barony or Half Barony, or County of a Town or City, within which the Place shall be situate where such unlicensed Still, or Part of or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utensil for diddling, or Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall have been found or discovered, an Abstra& or Schedule or all such Notices relating to any such Finding or Discoverey, had within such Barony or Halt Barony, County of a Town or City, which such Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes shall have received up to the Saturday next preceding such Wednesday; and such Collector of Grand Jury Cess shall, on the Saturday next after such Second and Fourth Wednesday respectively, give public Notice of the Contents'of such Abstract, by potting a Copy thereof, or causing the same to be polled on or at the Church, Chapel, Meeting House, Market House or Market Place within the Barony or Half Barony, or County of a City or Town within which the Place shall be situate, and which shall be neared to the Place where such Offence was committed; and such Collector of Grand Jury Cess shall also from time to time, on Demand, produce such Abdra& to any Inhabitant of any such Barony or Half Barony, County of a Town or City, liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cess therein, who shall require to fee and peruse the same, at any reasonable time in the Day time, at the usual Dwelling Place of such Collector.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Trial of any Information or other Proceedings for any Fine or Penalty against any Townland, Didri&, Division or Plaice, or for any Offence against any Act or Acts for the Suppression of illicit Distillation of Spirits, it shall not be necessary to prove or give in Evidence, that any such Notice had been given by the Officer of Cudoms or Excise to the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, or that such Collector had trimftnitted an Abstra& or Schedule of such Notice to the Col-le&or of Grand Jury Cess, nor shall any Omission or Neglect in the giving any such Notice, or in transmitting any Abdra& or Schedule of the same, or in making the Contents of such Abdra& or Schedule known and public, nor (nail any Defect in any such Notice or Ab* ffra& or Schedule, which shall be given or transmitted, or any Variance between the same, and any Information or other Proceeding

for

JLD.1S16.

66* GEO. III.

am.

581

For or relating to any fudh Fine or Penalty, in any manner vitiate or affect such Information or other Proceeding, but every such Information or other Proceeding shall and may be tried, had and determined in all respects, as if the Regulations herein contained relating to such Notice, Abstract or Schedule had not been made*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of Grand Jury Cess shall neglect or omit in any Instance to make known and public the Contents of any such Abstract or Schedule which shall have been transmitted to and received by him, by posting a Copy thereof in manner aforesaid, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to pro* duce such Abstract to any Inhabitant of any Barony or Half Barony9 or County of a Town or City, liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cess therein, on Demand ot such Inhabitant at a seasonable time in the Day time, at the usual Dwelling Place of such Collector, every such Collector shall for every such Neglect or Refusal, or Omission, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Civil Bill at the Quarter Sessions of the Justices of the Peace, in the proper County, County of a Town or City in Ireland, by any Person who shall lue for the same, and the Money recovered by such Civil Bill shall be applied to the Use of the Person suing for the same.

4 IX. And Whereas in and by an Act made in the Fifty fourth 4 Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to consolidate 4 and amend the Regulations contained in several Act of Parliament, for imposing and levying of Fines upon Parishesy Townfands and other 4 Places, in refoeQ of toe unlawful Difiillation of Spirits in Ireland,the Parishioners in Vestry assembled are authorized to elect One or 4 more Person or Persons for the Purpose of discovering or prosecuting all Offences a gain ft any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits 4 distilled in Ireland: And Whereas it may tend towards effeduating 4 the Purposes aforesaid if additional Powers were given to the 4 Person or Persons so elected; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, if they shall deem it expedient so to do, upon the Representation of the Churchwardens of any Parish in Ireland\ to grant and issue, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, a Com million commonly called a Preventive Commission, to each and every Person who shall have been or shall be so elected for the Purposes aforesaid; and every such Person shall have full Power and Authority to ad under such Commission; and all and every the Clauses, Regulations, Provisione, matters and things contained in any Act or Acts, for the Protection of the Officers of the Revenue, shall extend to and shall be applied to and put in practice with re-fjped to each and every such Person acting in the Performance or Execution of his Duty under such Commission, as fully and efied-ually in all respects as if such Clauses, Regulations, Provisions, matters and things were herein repeated and reenacted with regard to such Person or Persons.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful in all cases for the Court before whom any Person shall be tried and convicted of any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the Suppression of illicit Distillation, to order, upon the Request of the Frofecutor, the Treasurer of the County, County of a City

Pp S or

CoDeftorof Grand Jury Gift neglecting bit Duty.

Penalty.

Preventive

Commission may be issued by Commissioners of Excise, with Content of Lord Lieutenant, to Persons appointed by Parishea as la-fpefiors under J4G.3. cija to prosecute for illegal Distillation.

On ConviSioo of Offender, Court may order Prosecutor to be paid hit Expencea.

6t2

C.U&

66° GEO. III.

^D.ln6»

Wfb to Cteck of Tr» Crown.

Grand Jury to present such Expen ccs, to be levied off Town-land, dec.

or County of a Town in which the Offence shall be pay untd such Prosecutor such Sum of Money as to the said Contt fltall seem reasonable, for the Expences and Loss of time of fndi Prosecutor, which Order the Clerk of the Crown is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver to such Prosecutor, upon being paid for the same the Sum of One Shilling, and no1 more; and the Treasurer of the said County, Town or City is hereby authorized and required forthwith to par to such Prosecutor or other Person authorized to receive the same, inch Sum of Money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the same in his Accounts; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury at each and evoy Affixes and Presenting Term, and they are hereby required to prefect all such Sums aB shall have been so paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, under any such Order, and which shall not have been previously preseated; Inch Sums to be presented, raised and levied off the Townland, Diftnff, Division or Place in which the Offence shall have been committed, in (nek manner as any Presentment of a Grand Jury may be raised and levied*

Illicit Spirits XI. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits which shall hare

seized conveyed been or shall be seized, as having been illicitly made or distilled, to Exoie Stores, immediately upon the Seizure thereof, be conveyed to red

in Presence of deposited»the Stores of the Collector of Inland Excffe and Taxes Collector and an of the District in which the same shall have been seized, or in the Inspector of Ex- like Stores of the next neighbouring Di&rift to which the same can cif* be conveniently conveyed; and the Strength and Quantity of such

Spirits having oeen ascertained and taken an Account of, such Spirits shall, after Condemnation thereof, be fpil&ed and effectually destroyed in the Presence of the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of such Distri€t respectively, and of an Inspector General of Excise, or other Officer to be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, under such Rules and Regulations as the said Comirnffiooers Reward to feiz- ffiail in that behalf order or direct; and that the Officer or Officers, log Officer. or other Person or Persons seizing any such Spirits, shall receive such Recompence or Reward for seizing the same as the feird Commissioners shall order and direct.

Persons keeping XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expir* Kilns nr Mills ation Of Three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, g^iidtogCorn or^Person who ffiail keep any Kihi for the drying of any Core, Malt so dclivei Gram or Malt, ffiail, within One Calendar Month after beginuing Account thereof or continuing to keep such Kiln or Mill respectively, make out, figs to Collector, and deliver a Return or Account in Writing to the Gauger or other "H0*" Officer in charge of die Walk in which fuai Kiln shall be situate;

r me* red that every Person who shall keep any Mill for the grinding of Corn or Grain or Malt, shall make out, sign and deliver a Return or Account in Writing to the Collector of the District in which such Mill shall be (ituated, specifying and describing in such Return or Account respectively the Name and Place of Abode of such RnCoo, and the Place where such Kiln or Mill is respefirively faulted j and every such Person shall cause to be painted in Oil Colour, in Black upon a White Ground, or in White upon a Black Ground, on the Qut&de of the Door of or Place of Entrance to every fudi Kik or Mill respectively, or on a Board to be affixed or enrifed on same

conspicuous

A.D.LW*,

5PGEO.IIL

c. in.

coafpicuoos Part of the Outside of such Kiln or MiH respectively, in legible Letters, at lead Three Indies in Length, the Name and Surname of the Owner or Proprietor of such Mill or Kiln; and every such Ganger or Officer and Collector who shall receive any such Return or Account respectvely shall register the same, and shall grant a Certificate of such Account and Registry, by giving a Copy thereof signed by him; and if any Person shall keep any Kim lor the drying of any Corn or Grain or Malt, or shall keep any Mill for the grinding of any Corn or Grain or Malt, without having made out, Sgned and delivered such Account as is by this Act required, every such Person who shall keep any such Kiln shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every Person who shall keep any Rush Mill shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Founds, and all Corn or Grain or Malt which shall be found in or on any such Kiln or Mill respectively shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and if upon any such Kiln or Mill the Name and Surname of the Proprietor thereof respedU ively shall not be and remain so painted and legible as aforesaid, the Penba to whom such Kiln or Mill respectively shall belong shall for-Mi the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Return or Account of any such Mill shall be received, entered or registered by such Collector, the Person who shall keep such Mill shall, with One or more sufficient Surety or Sureties, enter into a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, conditioned to pay all such Fines or Penalties a3 such Person shall or may by Law be subject or liable to, for or on account of such Person having in his Mill any Malt for which such Person shall not have or produce a proper Permit for the Removal thereof to such Mill as by Law required; and also conditioned that such Person shall not receive or grind, or suffer to be received or ground in such Mill any Malt whitm shall not be attended by a proper Permit or Permits for the Removal thereof to such Mill.

XIV* And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, at any time in the Day time to enter and search any Mill for the grinding of any Corn or Grain or Mah, situate in any District in Inland* mentioned in any Notice which shall have been or which shall or may from time to time be given by the , Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, of the putting into Execution in such District the Provisions of the Laws for the Suppression of illicit Distillation; and if such Officer or Officers shall not on Demand, within a reasonable time after fitch Demand made at the Place of Abode of the Person keeping such Mill, obtain Admittance into such Mill, it shall and may be lawful f for such Officer or Officers in the Presence of a Constable or other Peace Officer, who is hereby respectively authorized and required to be aiding and assisting therein, to break open and enter such Mill, and every Store and Room therein, and make search for any Malt which foeh Officer or Officers shall or may have reasonable or probable Cause to suspect to be concealed or fraudulently deposited therein.

XV. And be it further eaacted, That no Gauger employed in the Service of the Excise shall be entitled to receive nis Salary, or any Putt thereof, at any time from and after the Tenth Day of Qetobtr One thousead eight bandied and sixteen, unless and until inch Gaugdr

*fs

Officer to gbe Certificate of Registry.

Keeping Kiln ov Mill without d»> Urering Account;

Penalty.

Penalty.

Name not pain*, ed on Kiln ov

Mill

Penalty.

Persont keeping Mills to enter into Bond to pay Penalties for having Malt without Permit.

If refofod Admittance, Officers may break open Milla and search.

No Ganger to receive his Salary, until he shall hive fwofu chat he had not

Pp 4

C. 111.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

574*

Meaning of the Words " Mar-ket Town* explained.

J uflicef may summon before them Peifoos charged with felling Liquors without Licence.

Conviction.

Penalty.

Penalty not paid,

Imprisonrocnt.

Former Acts relating to the Collection of Duties on Spirits extended to Ad.

of such Licences9 and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous

Liquors in Iceland; it is among other things enacted, that it shall 1 be lawful for any Person in any Place in Ireland, where the ' Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous and other Liquors is Ele-

ven Pounds only, (such Place not being situate within any Market 1 Town, or within One Mile thereof, ) to obtain such Licence on

Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds: And Whereas Doubts

may arise as to the Meaning and Extent of the Words M Market

Town9 Be it declared and enacted, That the said Provision in the hud recited Act shall extend to such Towns only in which a Weekly Market is actually holden throughout the Year; and that in Places situate within any Town where a Weekly Market is not so actually holden, such Licence may be granted on Payment of the said Sum of Seven Pounds in the said Act mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law. ful for any Just ice of the Peace in Ireland, within his Jurisdiction, to summon any Person charged with having fold any Spirituous Li-

mWine, Beer, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Methegliu or Mead by without Licence, and to require, by the Summons to be issued, the Person fununoned to bring with him or her, and to pro. duce a Licence in force to such Person for felling such Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail $ and in case such Person so fununoned shall not appear, upbn Proof on Oath made of the Service of such Summons, or if such Person shall appear and shall not produce a proper Licence authorizing him or her to fell by Retail such Spirit, uous and other Liquors, then such Justice shall examine on Oath such Witness or Witnesses as shall appear before him, which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if Proof shall be made before such Justice, or if it shall appear by the Confession of the Party that such Person did fell Spirituous Liquors, or any of such Liquors aforesaid, at any time within Two Months previous to the issuing of such Summons, then such Justice shall convict the Person charged with having fold such Spirituous or other Liquors of such Offence, and such Person shall be liable and ftibjcd to a Fine or Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, and not less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice, (exdufive of any other Penalty or Forfeiture to which such Person may by Law be liable to, or subject for such Offence, ) and such Justice shall adjudge such Person so coavided to forfeit such Sum accordingly. One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens of the Parish where such Offence shall have been committed, for the Use of the Poor therein; and in case such Penalty or Sum which such Person shall be so adjudged to have forfeited shall not be paid by the Offender immediately upon such Coa-viction, such Offender shall be committed to Gaol by such Justice, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and not less than One Calendar Month, at the Discretion of such Justice.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provision*, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery, prescribed, mentioned and contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland for the regulating or Securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland* shall be applied and put in practice in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to alf Intents and Purposet whatsoever, as if all the

Clauses,

A.D. 1816,

56° GEO. III.

C.111

575

Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said Acts, or any of them, had been ex-pressly repeated and reenacted in this Act, and made applicable to the Provisions herein contained, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act, or any other Act or Acts, and that the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as one Ad, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as the same are compatible or confident with each other, and as the said Acts are amended and altered by this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied and applied, except as herein otherwise is provided, in such manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prefcnbed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling of the Excise or new Imtojl upon HislUaje/ly, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Bool of Kates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty'a Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several A3s relating to the Revenues, matters and things, under the Management of the Commtffioners of Cujhoms and Port Duties, and the Commi/Jioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Conltrudions and Purposes, as if the lame were particularly mentioned and expressed and reenacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty'a Revenue of Excise, is provided.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as the same relates to or concerns the Charges imposed on any Still or Stills by this Act, shall commence and take effect on the Monday Three Weeks next after the passing thereof, with respect to all Stills as to which such Monday shall be the Commencement of some Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days for which any such Still or Stills shall be chargeable by Law as working; but where such Monday Three Weeks next after the passing of this Act shall not be the Commencement of such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days for which any Still or Stills shall be chargeable as working, then this Act shall commence and take effect with respect to such Still or Stills on the first or next Monday after the Monday Three Weeks next after the passing of this Act, which shall be the , Commencement of a Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, for which any such Still or Stills shall be chargeable by Law as working.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall, save and except as herein otherwise provided, commence and take effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

TABLE

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

14 8c is Car. 2.

(I)

46 G. 3. c. io6.#

Charges on Stills when to com* mence.

Commencement of Act.

Act may be altered, See.

C.1U*

56° GEO. III.

AJX18H5L

Ptnaky.

Collect ors appointed by Lord Lieutemat empowered to proceed.

Penalties of loot, how recovered, &c

Levd Lieutenant empowered to neoke Appointment made oy Commif-

Collect on appointed by Lord lieutenant to be instead of the ocher Culle&ors.

Gommifllonett of Excise, with Confentuf Treasury, may relieve Parlous from Pinas on Town-lands.

that Purpose by the Person or Persons, or any of them so i tod appointed oy die said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Goe or Governors, every such Treasurer, CoHe&or or other Person fln& deliver up all such Warrants accordingly, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for each Warrant which such Treasurer or Collector or other Person shall not, on such Demand made, so deliver up; and every such Person and Persons so nominated and appointed to receive and execute the hud Warrants, shall and they are hereby respectively authorized, empowered and required to levy all and every the Fine and Fines which shall be mentions! in any such Warrant or Warrants, and to execute or complete the Execution of t e said Warrant or Warrants, with like Powers and Authorities, and in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Collectors of Grand Jury Cess, or other Person to whom such Warrants had been granted or delivered, were empowered to exercise and might or could have executed the same, and with all the like Remedies is case of Nonpayment thereof or of any Part thereof as are prescribed by Law with respect to any Money to be levied under any Presentment of a Grand Jury; and every such Fine, Penalty or Sum of Two hundred Pounds shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record in Ireland, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction (and which Court is hereby fully authorized to take Cognizance of the same) by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same $ and in such Proceedings no Effoin, Protection, Wager of Law nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Money recovered by such Action or other Proceeding shall be applied, as to the One Half thereof, to and for the Uie of the Person suing for the same, and the other Half to and for the Use of the Infirmary of the County, or County of the City or Town, as the case may be; and in emfc k Audi seem expedient to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to revoke or annul any Appointment which shall have been made by the (kid Commissioners of Inhnd Excise and Taxes of any Person or Persons to co!le& and levy any such Fines as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors so to do, without appointing any other Per* son or Persons for that Purpose.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Person so to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Collection of such Fines, shall ftaud in the Place and Stead of the Persons appointed by the (kid ComvnHfionas of Inland Excise and Taxes, and shall have all such Powers and Authorities as the Persons so appointed by the said Commissioners.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pafing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, (by and with the Content and Appro-bration, and under the Diregions of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, ) upon the Application of any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cess, in any Townland, Place, Distridfc or Division in Ireland, on which any Fine shall have been imposed under any Act or Acts for the Suppra-fion of illicit Distillation in Ireland, to grant such Relief to such Jtar-fen or Persons against the Payment of such Fine, or airy Part thereof, as to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Totes (hallfeem fitting

AJXl8t6* 56° GEO. III. C. 112, tl3.

and expedient, and at shall be approved of by the said Conmissioners

for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, and under such Directions and Regulation! at the said last mentioned Commissioners shall make in that behalf.

XXII. And be it further eno&ed, That all the Clauses, Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty't Reign, and also all the Clan let. Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Provisions contained in Two several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament for amending the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year, shall be applied in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and reenacted in this Act, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts, and that the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as one Ad, so far as the same are compatible and confident with each other; and that the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or inflicted by this Act shall and may (in all eases not otherwise provided for) be sued for, recovered, levied and applied in such manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteeotn Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or netv Impofl upon His Majesty, hie Heirs and Successors, according to the Booh of Rates therein inserted; or by any other Law or Laws relative to His Masefty's Revenue of Excise or Customs in force in Ireland, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed, and reenacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Act of Excise, or any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise in Ireland, is provided.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Licence* for retailing Beer, AJe, Cyder, Perry or Spirits in Great Britain, and for imposing other Duties in lieu thereof.

[ift July 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Duties and 4 W Sums of Money now payable by Law for Licences for 4 retailing Beer or Ale, and Cyder, Perry or Spirits in Great Braitin, and that several other Duties and Suras of Money should be imposed and made payable in lieu thereof ; Be it therefore rnacted, by The King's Moil Exellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Duties and Sums of Money now payable by Law for or in respect of Licences for retailing Beer or Ale, Cyder, Perry or Spirits, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaia, or to any Pine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures

relating

8$ 7

Former Acts extended to Act.

14 & 15 Car. % . (L)

Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Spirits, be. repealed;

and inltead thereof the following Dutiep.

On Beer Lienees

and on Spirits Licences.

Dunes to be under Manage-

G.11S. 56* GEO. 111. A.D. 1816.

relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at asy time before or on that Day.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in lieu of the Duties and Sums of Money payable as aforesaid, and hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, coHefted and paid throughout Great Britain, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Licences to be taken out according to the Laws is each case made and provided by Retailers of Beer or Ale, Cyder, Perry or Spirits within Great Britain, to be paid by such Retailers respectively, the several annual Sums of Money hereinafter mentioned; that is to (ay,

Every Person who shall fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or who shall feS Cyder or Perry to be drank or consumed in his, her or their Hode or Premises, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid.

If the Dwelling House in which such Person shall, at the time of taking out such Licence, reside or retail Beer or Ale, or fell Cyder or Perry to be drank or consumed as aforesaid, shall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting Duties on inhabited Houses at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, Two Pounds and Two Shillings :

If rated as aforesaid at Fifteen rounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds, Three Pounds and Three Shillings: If at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards. Four Pounds and Four Shillings.

And every Retailer of diddled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters in Great Britain, not being a Retailer of plain Aqua Vitae only, shade Or diddled from British Materials in that Part of Great Brt- tain called Scotland, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid, If the Dwelling House in which such Retader shall reside or retad such diddled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, at the time of taking out such Licence, shall not, together with.the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parlia* ment, for granting Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards. Five Pounds and Five Shillings:

' If rated as aforesaid, at Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, arid under Twenty Pounds, Six Pounds and Six Shillings: 'If'at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty five Pounds, Eight Pounds and Five Shillings:

If at Twenty five Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Thirty Pounds, Eight Pounds and Seventeen Shillings:

If at Thirty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Forty Pounds, Nine Pounds and Nine Shillings:

If at Forty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Fifty Pounds, Ten Pounds and One Shilling:

If at Fifty Pounds per Annum or upwards, Ten Pounds and Thirteen Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called £nr-

W

AJX1816.

56" GEO- III.

589'.

C.118, 114.

land shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise* in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland mall be under the Management of the .Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Sums* of Money above mentioned, and hereby imposed and made payable as*aforesaid, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and adjudged in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or* Methods, by which the former Duties of Excise respectively, of the* same kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated or allowed, and the Retailers and Persons respectively before mentioned shall be, and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regul* ations. Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which such Persons iir general, and also to all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Persons respectively were subject or liable, by any Act or AA* of Parliament m force immediately before the patting of this Act relating to the Duties of Excise; and all and every rain. Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any A A or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the patting of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof} and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise and Sums of Money hereby charged and made payable respectively, in as full and ample manner, to 'alt Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said.Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pams, Penalties* or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it farther enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties and several Sums of Money by this Act imposed and made payable as aforesaid, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fameexcepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster % and the said Money so paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain

' VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Pro-vittoas thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to regulate the Conveyance of Passengers from the

United Kingdom to the United States of America, in British

Vessels. [ill July 1816.]

\X7HEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulate ing the Vtjfel* carrying Passenger* from the United Kingdom toMk Majesty1! Plantation* and Settlement* Abroad or. to Foreign Part/, with rcfpcB to the Number of such Passenger* t it was enacted,

4 that

ment < f Commissiouer* of Excise.

Duties how levied.

Duties carried to

Consolidated

Fund.

Ad may he titered, Ac* i ,

43 G 3-c-J*.

$ »r-

Ragulttioni in racked Act with nfped to foreign VefTelt carrying Psflfen-gtrs made applicable to British Veffeb carrying Paflengen from this Kingdom to the United States.

Agreement dated June 15, 1816, for the Purchase of the Maport of Esher and Milhourne and the Man (ton House called Qaremont, Scc. for 661000I.

0.114, 115. 56° GEO. III. - AJX181S,

4 that it shall not be lawful for any Matter or other Person taking or 4 haring the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veffol, other than 4 a British Ship or Vefftl clearing out from any Port or Place ia

the United Kingdom, to have or take on board a greater Number ' of Pferfons, including the Crew, than in the Proportion of One 4 Person for every Five Tout of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel;

4 And Whereat it it expedient to extend such Provision of the fold

AA, and also all otlier Regulations contained therein relative to 4 the Conveyance of Pafffogers in Foreign Vessels, to British Veflfek 4 conveying Passengers from the United Kingdom of Great Brkam 4 and Ireland to the United Statea of America* in lieu and instead of the Regulations now by Law established Be it therefore enacted by The King9* Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in that present Parliament, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the patting of this Act, all the Regulations, Reftridioos, Obligations and Penalties, in the foid recited Act contained and provided with respect to Foreign Ships or VefTelt carrying Paflengen, and no ether, Audi he and the same are hereby made applicable to Brkjjl Ships or VefTelt carrying Paflengen from Great Britain and Ireland to toe United States of America, at folly and effectually to all Infants and Purpofos whatsoever, at if the Tame were foverally and fepanldf repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act; any thing in the fold recited Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the aw-trary notwithstmnding.

CAP. CXV.

An Act; for ratifying the Purchase of the Claremont Estatet and for settling the lame as a Residence for Her Royal Higb-nefa the Princess Charlotte Augusta and His Serene Highnefr Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeldm

[ift July 1816.]

WHEREAS for the providing a futtabfo Residence for Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Angnftm mad Hi 4 Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cahomrg d 4 Saalfeld* upon their ate auspicious Marriage, Articles of Agreement, hearing Date the Fifteenth Day of June in this peafont Yew 4 One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, hare been made and 4 entered into between Charlee Rose Elite of Claremont in the County of Snrry, Esquire, of the first Part; the Right Hoaounhh*William Hujkijfon, William Dacrts Adame, and Henry Dawkvan*Esquires, Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, FonefU and 4 Land Revenues (for and on behalf of His Majesty) of the Second 4 Part 5 and The King's Most Excellent Majesty of the Third Pfcit;

4 in Substance or to the Effect following; (that is to say, ) the foid Gktmlee Rose Elite for himfols, his Heirs, Executors and Adasinistrators, for and in consideration of the Sum of Sixty six thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain to he paid to him at the times and in the Proportions thereinafter mentioned, has thereby9promised and agreed to and with The King's Most Excelled Majesty,

9 ms Heirs and Succefibrs, to foil and drfpofe and the foid CommifDonm Parties thereto, for and on behalf of The King^ Mbft*Excellent Majesty, have thereby agreed to purefta#* and boywf and

io 4 from

A.D. 1S16.

56* GEa 11L

CL 115.

m

from die laid Charlie Rose Elbe, hie Heirs and Affigo* aB those the Manors of Efber and Milbourne, or WatemiHe Bfleer, in the County of Surry, together with all Courts Leet, Courts Baron, Customary and other Courts, Profits and Perquisites of Courts, Fines, Heriots and all Rights, Royalties, Privileges and Appurtenances to the said Manors or either of them incident, appertaining, or in anywise belonging, and all Right of Soil and other Rights of him the said Charles Rose Elite, his Heirs or Assigns, of and m all Waste Lands and Commons, situate within, or being Part or Parcel of the said Manors, or either of them (Cave and except the Land called Milbovme Held, belonging to the said Charles Rose Elite, which was by the said. Articles of Agreement expreftly agreed not to be deemed Waste or Common of the said Manors or either of them}, and all Timber, Timber like and other Trees, growing or being in or upon such Waste Lands or Commons, or any of them: And all that capital Mansion or Dwelling Hbufe situate at or near EJber called Claremont other wise Claremamts with the several Lodges, Summer Houles, ornamental Bmldtagt* Coach Houles, Stables, Brewhouse, Laundry and other Offices* Hot Houses, Green Houses, Ice Houles, Cottages, Farm House and Farm Buildings, and other Out Houles to the said capital Man* lion House or Premises belonging* or in anywise appertaining; and all that Park with the Woods, Plantations, Waters, Fteafere Grounds, and Gardens thereto belonging, containing together by Estimation (including theScite of the said Buildings) Three hundoed and thirty two Acres, One Rood, and Thirteen Perches, (the whole of such Lands being Freehold, except One Acre or thereabouts* situated in the said Park, which is Copyhold of Inheritance, ) and all Timber and other Trees growing or being in the said Phrk, or in any of the Pleasure Grounds, Woods or Plantations within the same, and all the Household Goods, Furniture, Fixtures, Ornaments, Brewing Utensils, and all Chattels and other Articles of whatever Denomination or Description, belonging to the said Charles Rose Elite, and being in or about the said Mansion House* Out Houses and Offices, Gardens, Pleasure Grounds and Premises slave and except certain Articles in the said Agreement specified), tad also all that Mefiitage or Dwelling House called Millbourne House, situated at or near EJber aforesaid, with the Coach Houses* Stables and other Out Houses and Offices, Yards, Gardens, Plants ations and Pleasure Grounds thereto belonging; and also all those feverul Closes, Pieces or Parcels of Land to the said last mentioned Messuage or Dwelling House and Premises belonging or in anywise appertaining; all which last mentioned Premises contain together by Estimation Forty nine Acres and Thirty one Perches .or there* aoouts, the said Messuage, or Dwelling House and PsemOes, with Part of the Lands being in Hand, and the Residue thereof lcfr on Lease at the Yearly Rent of Forty eight Pounds, which Leaf* wffl expire in the Year One thou fend eight hundred and twenty* and aH Timber and other Trees growing or being on the said kft mentioned Premises or any Part thereof; and all the Fixtures, and other Articles of every Sort in or about the said last mentioned Dweffing House, Offices, Out Houses and Premises, or the Gardens or Pleasure Grounds thereto belonging (except such Articles and things as in the find Artkles of Agreement are eneoplcdand aUs all that Messuage, Dwelling House or (?nttago Man*

Haft,

C.11&

5fe° GEO. III.'

AJX1816.

House, and aD those Plantations and other Landa thereto belonging, containing by Estimation One hundred and thirty two Acres or thereabouts, and all the Timber and other Trees growing or being thereon; and all that Spring of Water rising in the last mentioned Grounds, and all the Conduits, Aquedu&s, Pipes and Referroirf used for conveying or conducing the Water arising from such Spring to the Mansion House called Claremont, for the Supply thereof, and the Offices and Grounds thereto belonging; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land called the HighfieU, containing by Estimation Three Acres Three Roods and Five Perches, situate near the said Park; and also all such Pew or Pews, or Part or Parts of a Pew or Pews, in the Parish Church of Efhcry as belong to the said Charles Ro/e Ellis; and all Waters, Fishings, Ways,

Roads, Paths, Easements, Rights, Members, Privileges and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Manors, Mansion House, and other Houses and Premisea, or any of them belonging or in any wile appertaining: And the said Commissioners, Parties thereto, by the said Articles of Agreement have, for and on the behalf of*. Hb Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, covenanted, promised and agreed, to and with the said Charles Ro/e EU'u % his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to pay the said Sum of Sixty six thousand Pounds, the Purchase Money for the said Premises, in the Proportions and at the times hereinafter mentioned; (that is to lay, ) the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, Part thereof, on the Delivery of the Possession of the said Premises, or on the Title thereto being approved of by the Counsel of the Purchasers, whichever should first happen, and the Residue thereof to be paid by Four equal annual Payments, the First of such Payments to be made on the Thirty first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and Seventeen, the Second, on the Thirty first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Third, on the Thirty first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and the Fourth and lift, on the Thirty first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty, together with lawful Interest for the same, or the loft al men ts from time to time remaining unpaid from the Date of the said Articles of Agreement, such Interest to be paid annually on the same Days as the Instalments of the Principal: And it is by the said Articles of Agreement, amongst other things, further provided and agreed that the said Charles Ro/e Ellis should withia One Month from the Date thereof make out and deliver to the dud Commissioners, Parties thereto, a complete Abstra& of and make out a good Title to the said Manors, Hereditaments and Premises, and to the Inheritance thereof in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances, save such as are therein and hereinafter mentioned; and that he and they and all other necessary Parties should and would, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December next, by such good and sufficient Conveyances, Surrenders and A durances, as Counsel shall advise, convey and allure the said Manors, Man-fion House, and all and fingujar other the Houses, Lands, Here* dttaments and Premises so contracted to be sold as aforesaid, with the Appurtenances, to the Use of the said Charles Ro/e Ellist or of some

of

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.115.

593

of such Deeds, together With lawful Interest for the same, at the times and in manner aforesaid, and subject thereto, to the Use of such Person or Persons, and upon such Trust or Trusts, arid in-fuch manner and Form as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the said CoYnmissioners, Parties to the said Articles of Agreement, or the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests. and Land Revenues shall direct or appoint, free from all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever, except the Land Tax, and save and except the said Premises, being subject and charged with the Expences and Repairs of EJber Bridge, and save and except certain Fee Farm and Cnftomary Rents, Heriots, Services and Rights of Common in the said Articles of Agreement particularly, mentioned, and to which certain Parts of the said Premises are subject; and the said Charles Rose Ellis agreed to assign and set over all the Furniture, Goods, Chattels and other Personal Effects by the said Articles of Agreement agreed to be sold, to such Person or Ferfous as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests and Land Revenues shall direct or appoint, either for his or their own Use and Benefit absolutely or in Trust for any other Person or Persons, Uses or Purposes: And it is by the said Articles of Agreement further agreed, amongst other things, that the Fee Farm Rents and all Taxes and Out Goings for or in respect of the said Premises, should be borne, defrayed and paid by the said Charles Rose Ellis up to Midsummer Day in the Year One thou- sand eight hundred and sixteen, and that His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, should have Possession of the Parts in Hand, and receive all Rents, Issues and Profits of the Remainder of the said Premises as and from that Day $ and it is in and by the said Articles of Agreement expressly provided and declared, that if the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury should refuse or decline to ratify that present Agreement, or if an A & of Parliament should not be passed in this present Session of Parliament for confirming such Agreement, and to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to advance the Sums requisite to pay the several Instalments of the Purchase Money as they respectively become due, and to authorize the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests and Land Revenues to fell Crown Lands in order to provide for the Repayment of the Monies so to be advanced, then and in either of such cases, that Agreement and the Contract thereby* made, and every thing therein contained, should cease, determine and be wholly void: And Whereas it is expedient to make Provisions for enabling the said Commissioners, Parties to the said Articles of Agreement, to make good the Contract thereby entered into on behalf of His Majesty, and to carry the same into EfFeft :

And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His c*^°*

present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subjeS to Redemption and Purchase in the manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money novo charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and another Act passed in the Forty 41G.3. c.ii6. second Year of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several A3s puffed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into One A3, and for making further 56 Geo. ill. Q q ' Pro-

594

C.115.

56° GBO. III.

A.D. 1816,

1133-

Agreement

confirmed.

The Claremont Efttte rested in CMnmiffioosra of Woods end For efts in Trust for the Princeft and the Prince.

Provefion for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for mevn/ Doubts refoeQing the Right of Persone claiming to vote at EitSious for Knights of the Shire, and other Members to serve in Parliament, In reJheS of MeJTuages, Lands or Tenements, the Land Tone upon whichshall have been redeemed or purchased; the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown for the time being was empowered to contra& for the Sale from time to time, of tack or so much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Colheries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Maribet, Waste Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the Survey or Receipt of the Exchequer in Em? land, as would raise a Sum sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Land Revenues of or belonging to the Crown: And Wlfereas under the Authority of the said recited Act certain Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown have been fold in order to raise Money for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Crown E dates, and the Monies which have arisen therefrom have been invested in the Purchase of Three Pounds fee Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, of which Annuities certain Parts are now (landing in the Names of the Commissionen of His Majesty's Treasury, in the Books of the Governor and Coo-pas? of the Bank of England $ and such Annuities, or confidtr-able Parts thereof, are not. immediately wanted for the Purpofa of the said recited Acts of the Thirty eighth and Forty fecood Years of the Reign of His present M % fty; and in erter ta carry into Effect the Provisiona of this Act with as little locos-venience as podible, and to have a Fund ready for the Paymes of the several Instalments of the said Purchase Money as they shall respectively become due, it is expedient that the Commifioo-ers of His Majesty's Treasury should be authorized and copowered to fell a competent Part of the said Bank Annuities free time to time, in order to raise the Monies which will be reqtsfcr to pay the (faid Instalments as they shall become payable, and to apply the Monies so to be raised in the Payment thereof accordingly; and that the Commissioners for the time being of His Mi jesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, should be authorised and empowered to sell and dispose of certain Parts of the Poffcf-fions and Land Revenues of the Crown, and lpply the Moser anting from such Sales in making good and replacing the Annuities which shall have been lo fold, or in purchasing Three Pounds per Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities in ueu thereof: ' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Aa-thority of the same. That the said hereinbefore in Part recited Articles of Agreement, bearing Date on the said Fifteenth Day of June in this pretent Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be and the same are hereby ratified and confirmed, and made valid sad effectual to all Intents and Purposes what foe ver.

II. And be it further enacted, That at the time mentioned in the said Articles of Agreement for the conveying the said Estate and Premises, the said Charles Rose Ellis shall by proper Conveyances and A durances in the Law convey the same, and the Fixtures thereto belonging, to the Use of him the said Charles Rose ElBs, his Executors, Administrators or Aisigns, or of same Person or Persons

to

A. D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.115.

£95

to be by him or them for that Purpose nominated for a Term of Five hundred Yean, for securing the Payment of the said Purchase Monies and Interest at the times and in the manner in the said Articles of Agreement mentioned; and subjedfc thereto, to the Use of the Coro-nOmoners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for ever; and that from and immediately after such Conveyance shall be made and executed, all those the said Manors of Fiber and Milbourne> or Watirvilie EJber$ and the said Mansion or Dwelling House called Claremont otherwise Claremount, with the Parks, Woods, Plantations, Pleasure Grounds and Gardens thereto belonging, and all other the Messuages or Houses, Farms, Cottages,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereinbefore and in the said Articles of Agreement particularly mentioned and described, and the several Fixtures thereto belonging, by the said Articles of Agreement con traded and agreed to be sold and disposed of, shall be settled upon and veiled in, and the same are hereby settled upon and veiled ,

in the Commifisoners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests and Land Revenues for ever, but subject and without Prejudice to the Leases now subsisting in the said Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Hereditaments and Premifet, or any Parts thereof, and subject and without Prejudice to the said Term of Five hundred Years, to be created according to the said Articles of Agreement for securing the Payment of the said Sum of Sixty six thousand Pounds and Interest; but nevertheless upon the Trusts and for the Purposes hereinafter expressed and declared of and concerning the said Estate and Premises; that is to say, upon Trust that they the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty'a Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, shall suffer and permit Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augujla> and Ilia Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourr of Saalfeld, during their joint Lives, and (haQ suffer and permit the Survivor of them, during her or his Life to hold, use, occupy, possess and enjoy the said Manors,

Mansion House, Estate and rremises, and all Fixtures thereto be-fenging, so to be conveyed and allured under and in purfuanoe of the said Articles of Agreement, and to take, have, collect and receive the Rents, Issues and Profits, coming, growing and arising therefrom, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner as if the same were absolutely veiled in them, but without any Power to fell, convey, diipofe of, mortgage or otherwise alienate or incumber the same or any Part thereof.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the On the Death Death of Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augufia or of the Survivor His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg

of Saalfeld\ which ever shall be the Survivor, the said Manors, Man- property \ fion rsouse, Estate and Hereditaments, and the several Fixtures thereto belonging, shall veil in and become Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and shall be settled and administered to the same Uses and in the same manner as His Majesty's Land Revenues now are or hereafter may be settled and administered.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if Her Royal on Princess fuc-Highnefs the Princess Charlotte Augufia shall succeed to the Crown ceeding to the of the United Kingdom in the Lifetime of His Serene Highness Cro"n "the. Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld, then and Hi?hn^°[l5, i in such case immediately after the Decease of His Serene Highness, , fter His'De-the said Manors, Mansion House, Estate. and Hereditaments, and cease;

Q q 2 the

C. 115.

56" GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

and alTo in case of the Princeft furtiving and coming to the Crown; Ettate to become Crown Property,

Commissioners of the Treasury to fell out so much Stock as shall be necef-fery to pay the Instalments as they become due.

Treasury -may fell and transfer the Stock by Power of Attorney.

Commissioners of Woods and Porefts may fell Crown Lands to raise Money to replace the 6teck (old.

the Fixture* thereto belonging shall become Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown! and be settled and administered to the same Uses and in the same manner as such Land Revenues now or hereafter may be settled and administered.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if Her Royal Highness the Princeft Charlotte Augujla shall survive His Serene Highnefa Leopold George Frederick Pnnce of Cobourg of Saalfdd, and after the Decease of His Serene Highnefa succeed to the Crown of the United Kingdom, then and in such case and immediately upon such AccefSon of Her Royal Highnefa to the Crown of the United Kingdom, the said Manors, Mansion House, Estate and Hereditaments, ^md the Fixtures thereto belonging, shall become Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and be settled and adminiftrrcd to the same Uses, and in the same manner as such Land Reveous now are or hereafter may be settled and administered.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or say Three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required from time to time, as the Instalments of the said Purchase Money and the Interest thereon shall respectively become doe, to fel^ and dispose of so much of the Three per Cent Consolidated Annuities, (landing in the Names of the Commissioners of His Mi-jesty's Treasury, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, which have been purchased with Monies raiwi under the Provisiona of the said recited Acts of the Thirty eighth and Forty second Years of His Majesty's Reign, as will be iuffidat to pay and discharge such respective Instalments of the said Par* chafe Money as they shall respectively become due, and the Interd then payable to the said Charles Rose Ellis, his Heirs or AfiBgo, and by and with the Produce of the Sale of such Bank Anootbes to pay and discharge such Instalments of the said Purchase Moocy accordingly, and the Interest then payable to the said Charla Rtp Ellis, his Heirs or Assigns.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Three Pounds per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities hereby authorized and ie-quired to be sold and disposed of for the Purposes aforesaid, by tlx said Commissioners of the Treasury, (kail and may be sold, transferred and disposed of by any Person or Persons to be appointed by them, or any Three or more of them, by Letter of Attorney, under their Hands and Seals attested by Two or more credible Witnefics.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, or any Two of them, and they, or any Two of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of, and absolutely to make Sale of such or so many or so much of the Manors, Lordships, Mefliiages, Luanda, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Colheries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes or Wade Lands or other Hereditaments, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown within the Survey of the Exchequer in England (for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues shall, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury foi' the time being, or any Three

or

66° GEO. III.

597

0, 116.

or more of diem, be able to procure for the same), as will raise a Sum sufficient to purchase so much Stock in the Three Pounds per Cent Bank Annuities hereinafter mentioned, as shall be equal, or as nearly equal as conveniently may be, to the whole Amount which shall have been fold out of the said Consolidated Bank Annuities under the Provisions of this Act, for the Payment of any such Instalment or Instalments of the Purchase Monies so to be paid to the had Charles Rose Ellis, his Heirs or Assigns as aforesaid, and the Interest so to be paid to him or them as aforesaid; and that the The Money to Purchase Monies to be paid for the same fhatl be paid into the Bank be paid into the of England, to the Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Bw\k hid Treasury, and shall be laid out by the Order of the Commissioners cent Con-of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time foliated at Rebeing, or any Two of them, (who are for that Purpose hereby dueed Bank An-authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for the fatne, ) in the nuities. Purchase either of Three Pounds per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, or Three per Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Commtffioners of His Majesty'e Treasury, in like manner in all Respects as is prescribed in the said recited Acts of the Thirty eighth and Forty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty with relation to Purchases of Three Pounds per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, under'those Acts respectively $ and the Capital or Bank Annuittet Stock so to be purchased therewith, and the Dividends and Interest fa purchsftdp-arifing therefroni, shall be applicable to the same Purposes, and shall be applied in the same manner, and under the same Rules, Regu- app^d^Ifame lation8 and Provisions in all Respects, as the Bank Annuities which manner at Stock shall be so fold for the Purpose of raising such Instalments as afore- fold out. laid, and the Dividends and Yearly Interest arising therefrom, would have been subject and applicable to if this Act had not been passed.

IX* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such No such Coo* Contract shall be made, unless by Special Warrant to be iflixed for cr*& made tm-that Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of less* by the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the time being. 0 re ury*

X. And be it further enacted, That all Sales of any Manors, Sa, e* under Lord ships, Meftuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Mines, to be made Minerals, Colheries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marlhes, Waste fitted by* Lands or other Hereditaments, or any other Revenues to be made q. 3, + nU by virtue of this Act, shall be made by the Commissioners of His Majesty*8 Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or any Two of them* for the time being, under the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions as directed by the said recited Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same may be applicable thereto; and that whenever such Commissioners shall have contradled with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Lands or Premises, by virtue of this Act, they shall grant to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof a Certificate in the Form and in manner directed by the said last mentioned Act* or as near and similar thereto as the Circumstances will permit; and the Cashiers of the Bank shall, on Production of such Certificate^ accept and receive the Purchase Monies, and carry the same to the Account therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of inch Certificate acknowledge the Receipt thereof, without Fee or Re* ward, in like manner as by such last mentioned Act is directed, which Certificate and Receipt shall be inrolled and attested in the manner required by the said last mentioned Act; and from and im»

Q q 3 mediately

and instead thereof the following Duties*

On Beer Licence*

and on Spirits Licences.

Duties to be under Manage-

C.11S. 56° GEO. III. A.B.181G.

relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on that Day.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fadd Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in lieu of the Duties and Sums of Money payable as aforesaid, and hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid throughout Great Britain, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs ana Successor* for and upon all Licences to be taken out according to the Laws is each case made and provided by Retailers of Beer or Ale, Cyder, Perry or Spirits within Great Britain, to be paid by such Retailers respectively, the several annual Sums of Money hereinafter mentioned; that is to lay,

Every Person who shall fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or who (haD feS Cyder or Perry to be drank or consumed in his, her or their House or Premises, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid.

If the Dwelling House in which such Person shall, at the time of taking out such Licence, reside or retail Beer or Ale, or feC Cyder or Perry to be drank or consumed as aforesaid, shall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting Duties on inhabited Houses at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards. Two Pounds and Two Shillings s If rated as aforesaid at Fifteen rounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds, Three Pounds and Three Shillings: If at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards. Four Pounds and Four Shillings.

And every Retailer of diddled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters in Great Britainf not being a Retailer of plain Aqua Vitae only, lhade Or diddled from Brttyb Materials in that Part of Great Bn

' ' tain called Scotland, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid.

If the Dwelling House in which such Retailer shall reside or retail such diddled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, at the time of taking out such Licence, shall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied,

...be rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parib-

ment, for granting Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards. Five Pounds and Tin I Shillings:

' If rated as aforesaid, at Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds, Six Pounds and Six Shillings:

If'at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty five Pounds, Eight Pounds and Five Shillings:

If at Twenty five Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Thirty Pounds, Eight rounds and Seventeen Shillings:

If at Thirty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Forty Pounds, Nine Pounds and Nine Shillings:

If at Forty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Fifty i Pounds, Ten Pounds and One Shilling:

If at Fifty Pounds per Annum or upwards, Ten Pounds and Thirteen Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall anse in that Part of Great Britain called Ear-

land I

56° GEO. III.

889'.

C. 118, 114.

land shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise' in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scot* land mall be under the Management of the.Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Sums-of Money above mentioned, and hereby imposed and made payable as' aforesaid, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and adjudged in such and the like manner, ' and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties of Excise respectively, of the* same kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated or allowed, and the Retailers and Persons respectively before mentioned shall be, and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictiona and Forfeitures, to which such Persons iir general, and also to all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictiona and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Persons respectively were subject or liable, by any Act or Act of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act relating to the Duties of Excise; and all and every rain. Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament m force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise and Sums of Money hereby eharged and made payable respectively, in as full and ample manner, to 'alt Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pams, Penalties* or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it farther enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties and several Sums of Money by this Act imposed and made payable as aforesaid, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fameexcepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Wejtm\nfier % and the said Money so paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain*

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Pro-viftoas thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be paired in this Session of Parliament*

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to regulate the Conveyance of Passengers from the

United Kingdom to the United States of America, in JJriti/B Vessels. [ift July 1816.]

HEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the < YV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulate

ing the VtJfeU carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to.£fk

Mayeflf* Plantations and Settlements Abroad or. to Foreign Parts %

with rtfped to the Number of such Pqffengerj; it was enacted,

4 ihat

ment < f Commiffiemeri of Excise.

Duties how levied.

Duties carried to

Consolidated

Fund.

Act may be skezed, Ac- i .

43 G 3.C.J6.

§ u.

Regulations in racked Act with

respea to

foreign Vessel* carrying Paffeo-ftrt made applicable to British Vessel* carrying Passengers from tfiis Kingdom to tiia United Sates.

Agreement dated June 15, 18x6, for the Purchase of the Majors of Esher and Milhourne and the Man (ion House called Claremont, &c. for 66, 0001.

C. 114, 115. 56° GEO. III.*A.D. 1816L

4 that it shall not be lawful for any Matter or other Person taking or 4 haring the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, other than < a British Ship or Vessel clearing out from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, to have or take on board a greater Number 4 of Pferfons, including the Crew, than in the Proportion of Or 4 Person for every Five Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel: And Whereat it is expedient to extend such Provtfioa of the find 4 Ad, and also all other Regulations contained therein relative to 4 the Conveyance of Passengers in Foreign Vessels, to British Veflfek 4 conveying Passengers from the United Kingdom of Great Britain 1 and Ireland to the United States of America* in -lieu and instead of the Regulations now by Law established : Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pretent Parliament, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all the Regulations, Restrictions, Obligations and Penalties, in the said recited Act contained and provided with respect to Foreign Ships or Vessels carrying Passengers, and no other, Audi be and the same are hereby made applicable to Bridfk Ships or Vessels carrying Passengers from Great Britain and Ireland to the United States of America, as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same were severally and Separately repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act; any thing in the said recited Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for ratifying the Purchase of the Claremont Efhrte, and for settling the same as a Residence for Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augusta and His Serene Highneb Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld.

[ift July

WHEREAS for the providing a fintabk Residence for Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Angnfim and Hb*Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cokomg of 4 Saalfeld, upon their late auspicious Marriage, Articles of Agrees 4 ment, hearing Date the Fifteenth Day of June in this pwfant Xcm 4 One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, have been made* asi 4 entered into between Charles Rose Elite of Claremont in the County of Surry, Esquire, of the First Part; the Right Honourable 4 William Hujkiffon, William Dacree Adams, and Henry Dstmkim, Esquires, Commissioners of His Majesky's Woods, ForefU and 4 Land Revenues (for and on behalf of His Majesty) of the Second 4 Part; and The King's Most Excellent Majesty of the Third Part; 4 in Substance or to the Effect following; (that is to say, ) the said €.Charles Rose Ellis for himself, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, for and in confederation of the Sum of Sixty six thousand 4 Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain to be paid to him at 4 the times and: in the Proportions thereinafter mentioned, has thereby9promised and agreed to and with The King's Most Excellen Majesty, ms Heirs and Successors, to fell and dffpofo of, and the said Conmfffioners Parties thereto, for and on behalf of The King* Mbft*Excellent Majesty, have thereby agreed to* purchase and bnfffmd

#io 4 from

A.D. 1S1*.

56* GEO. ill.

CL115.

m

from the find Charles Rosi EUie, his Heirs and Afsigna, iH thsfe the Manors of EJber and Milhoitrue, or WaUrutHe Bfiser, in the County of .Wry, together with all Courts Leet, Courts Baron, Customary and other Courts, Profits and Perquisites of Courts, Fines, Heriots and all Rights, Royalties, Privileges and Appurtenances to the said Manors or either of them incident, appertaining* or in anywise belonging, and all Right of Soil and other Rights of him the said Charles Rose Ellis, his Heirs or Afsigna, of and in all Waste Lands and Commons, situate within, or being Part or Parcel of the said Manors, or either of them (fiave and except the Land called Milbourue Held, belonging to the said Charles Rosis Ellis, which was by the said Articles of Agreement exprefily agreed not to be deemed Waste or Common of the said Manors or either of them ), and all Timber, Timber like and other Trues, growing or being in or upon such Waste Lands or Commons, or any of them: And all that capital Mansion or Dwelling Hbufe situate at or near EJber called Claremont otherwise Claremamts with the several Lodges, Summer Houses, ornamental Buildings* Coach Houses, Stables, Brewhouse, Laundry and other Offices* Hot Houses, Green Houses, Ice Houses, Cottages, Farm House and Farm Buildings, and other Out Houses to the said capital Man-Son House or Premises belonging, or in anywise appertaining; and all that Park with the Woods, Plantations, Waters, Plesfore Grounds, and Gardens thereto belonging, containing together by Estimation (including theScite of the said Buildings) Three hundred and thirty two Acres, One Rood, and Thirteen Perches, (the whole of such Lands being Freehold, except One Acre or thereabouts* situated in the said Park, which is Copyhold of Inheritance, ) and all Timber and other Trees growing or being in the said Phrk, or in any of the Pleasure Grounds, Woods or Plantations wkhia the same* and all the Household Goods, Furniture, Fixtures, Ornaments* Brewing Utensils, and all Chattels and other Articles of whatever Denomination or Description, belonging to the said Charier Rose Ellis, and being in or about the said Mansion House* Out Houses and Offices, Gardens, Pleasure Grounds and Premises slave and except certain Articles in the said Agreement specified)* and also all that Messuage or Dwelling House called MUlbomme House, situated at or near EJber aforesaid, with the Coach Houses* Stables and other Out Houles and Offices, Yards, Gardens, Plantations and Pleasure Grounds thereto belonging; and also all those Several Closes* Pieces or Parcels of Land to the said last mentioned

Messuage or Dwelling House and Premises belonging or in anywise appertaining; all which last mentioned Premises contain together bj Estimation Forty nine Acres and Thirty one Perches .or thereabouts, the said Messuage, or Dwelling House and Pnemfles, with Part of the Lands being in Hand, and the Residue thereof let oa Lease at the Yearly Rent of Forty eight Pounds, which Lease wffl expire in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty* and aH Timber and other Trees growing or being on the said kft mentioned Premises or any Part thereof; and all the Fixtures, and other Articles of every Sort in or about the said last mentioned Dwelling House, Offices, Out Houses and Premises, or the Gardens or Pleasure Grounds thereto belonging (except such Articles and things as in the said Articles of Agreement are — copied_}V and also all that Messuage* Dwelling House or Cartage c — ed mumu

C.11&

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

It*

Hou/e, and all those Plantations and other Lands thereto belonging, containing by Estimation One hundred and thirty two Acres or 4 thereabouts, and all the Timber and other Trees growing or being 4 thereon; and all that Spring of Water riling in the last mentioned 4 Grounds, and all the Conduits, Aquedu&s, Pipes and Refenroirt 4 used for conveying or conducing the Water arising from such 4 Spring to the Manlion House called Claremont, for the Supply 4 thereof, and the Offices and Grounds thereto belonging; and also 4 all that Piece or Parcel of Land called the Higbfieldt containing 4 by Estimation Three Acres Three Roods and Five Perches, situate < near the said Park; and also all such Pew or Pews, or Part or

Parts of a Pew or Pews, in the Parish Church of EJhert as beloog 4 to the said Charles Rose Ellis; and all Waters, Fishings, Ways, 4' Roads, Paths, Easements, Rights, Members, Privileges and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Manors, Manlion House, and 4 other Houses and Premises, or any of them belonging or in any wise 4 appertaining; And the said Commissioners, Parties thereto, by the 4 laid Articles of Agreement have, for and on the behalf of^ His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, covenanted, promised and agreed, to and with the said Charles Rose Ellis$ his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to pay the said Sum of Sixty six thousand Pounds, the Purchase Money for the said Premises, in the Proportions and at the times hereinafter mentioned; (that is to lay, ) 4 the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, Part thereof, on the Delivesy 4 of the Possession of the said Premises, or on the Title thereto being 4 approved of by the Counsel of the Purchasers, whichever should 4 first happen, and the Residue thereof to be paid by Four equal 4 annual Payments, the First of such Payments to be made on the 4 Thirty first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seventeeo, the Second, on the Thirty first Day of May One thousand eight 4 hundred and eighteen, the Third, on the Thirty first Day of May 4 One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and the Fourth and 4 last, on the Thirty first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty, together with lawful Interest for the same, or the Instalments from time to time remaining unpaid from the Date of the said Articles of Agreement, such Interest to be paid annually 4 on the same Days as the Instalments of the Principal: And it is by the said Articles of Agreement, amongst other things, further 4 provided and agreed that the said Charles Rose Ellis should within 4 One Month from the Date thereof make out and deliver to the said f Commissioners, Parties thereto, a complete Abstract of and snake 4 out a good Tide to the said Manors, Hereditaments and Premises, and to the Inheritance thereof in Fee Simple, free from all In-

cumbrances, save such as are therein and hereinafter mentioned; 4 and that he and they and all other necessary Parties should and 4 would, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December next, by 4 such good and sufficient Conveyances, Surrenders and A durances,

as Counsel shall advise, convey and allure the said Manors, Mansion House, and all and fingujar other the Houses, Lands, Here* 4 ditaments and Premises so contracted to be sold as aforesaid, with the 4 Appurtenances, to the Use of the said Charles Rose Ellis, or of some

Person or Persons to be named by him or them, and his and their 4 Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for a Term of Five hundred i ears, for securing the Payment of the said Purchase Money, or so 4 much thereof should remain unpaid at the time of the Execution

A.D. 1816'

56* GEGLIIL

C. 115.

593

of such Deeds, together With lawful Interest for the same, at the times and in manner aforesaid, and subject thereto, to the Use of such Personor Persons, and upon fuchTruft or Trusts, arid in-fuch manner and Form as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the said Cotnmissioners, Parties to the said Articles of Agreement, or the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests. and Land Revenues shall direct or appoint, free from all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever, except the Land Tax, and save and except the said Premises, being subject and charged with the Expences and Repairs of EJber Bridge, and save and except certain Fee Farm and Cnftomary Rents, Heriots, Services and Rights of Common in the said Articles of Agreement particularly, mentioned, and to which certain Parts of the said Premises are subject; and the said Charles Rose EUis agreed to assign and set over all the Furniture, Goods, Chattels and other Personal Effects by -the said Articles of Agreement agreed to be sold, to such Person or Perfous as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods;

Forests and Land Revenues shall direct or appoint, either for his or their own Use and Benefit absolutely or in Trull for any other Person or Persons, Uses or Purposes: And it is by the said Articles of Agreement further agreed, amongst other things, that the Fee Farm Rents and all Taxes and Out Goings for or in respect of the said Premises, should be borne, defrayed and paid by the said Charles Rose Ellis up to Midsummer Day in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and that His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, should have Possession of the Parts in Hand, -and receive all Rents, I flues and Profits of the Remainder of the said Premises as and from that Day; and it is in and by the said Articles of Agreement expressly provided and declared, that if the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury should refuse or decline to ratify that present Agreement, or if an Act of Parliament should not be passed in this present Session of Parliament for confirming such Agreement, and to enable the Lords Commissioner? of the Treasury to advance the Sums requiiite to pay the several Instalments of the Purchase Money as they respectively become due, and to authorize the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests and Land Revenues to fell Crown Lands in order to provide for the Repayment of the Monies so to be advanced, then and in either of such cases, that Agreement and the Contract thereby made, and every thing therein contained, should cease, determine and be wholly void: And Whereas it is expedient to make Provi-ions for enabling the said Commissioners, Parties to the said Ar-icles of Agreement, to make good the Contract thereby entered nto on behalf of His Majesty, and to carry the same into Effeel:

And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His & G*3* present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the manner therein Jtated, the federal Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand ftven hundred and ninety eight; and another Act passed in the Forty 4* G.3. c. 116. second Year of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts peffed for the Redemp-tion and Sale of the Land Tax into One Ad> and for making further 56 Geo. IIL Q q*Pro-

594

1133-

Agreement

confirmed.

The CUretnont Eftite rested m Commissioooort of Woods and Forestt in Trust for the Princeft and the Prince*

C.11S. 56*680.111. A.D. 1816.

4 Provisiao for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing

Doubts refoeSing the Right of Persons claiming to vote at EleQions 4 for Knights of the Shires and other Members to serve in Petrluetnens,

In reJheS of Mejfuages, Lands or Tenements, the Land Torn upon 4 whichshall have been redeemed or purchased; the Surveyor General 4 of the Land Revenues of the Crown for the time being was em* 1 powered to contra& for the Sale from time to time, of lock or so 4 much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements* Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Colheries, Woods, Wood Grounds* Fens, Marifaes, Waste Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to the 4 Crown, within the Survey or Receipt of the Exchequer in England, as would raise a Sum sufficient for the Redemption of the 4 Land Tax charged on the Land Revenues of or belonging to the 4 Crown: And Wlfcreas under the Authority of the said recited Act 4 certain Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown have been fold 4 in order to raise Money for the Redemption of the Land Tax 4 charged on the Crown Estates, and the Monies which have arisen 4 therefrom have been invested in the Purchase of Three Pounds per 4 Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, of which Annuities certain 4 Parts are now Handing in the Names of the Commissioners of 4 His Majesty's Treasury, an the Books of the Governor and Compasy of the Bank of England; and such Annuities, or considerable Parts thereof, are not. immediately wanted for the Purposes 4 of the said recited Acts of the Thirty eighth and Forty fecosd 4 Years of the Reign of His present M % fty; and in Older to 4 carry into Effect the Provisions of this Act with as little Inconvenience as possible, and to have a Fund ready for the Payment 4 of the several Instalments of the said Purchale Money as they 4 shall respectively become due, it is expedient that the CommissioGers of His Majesty's Treasury should be authorized and empowered to fell a competent Put of the said Bank Annuities from 4 time to time, in order to raise the Monies which will be reqmiito 4 to pay the (faid Instalments as they shall become payable* and to 4 apply the Monies so to be raised in the Payment thereof accord* 4 ingly; and that the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, should be authorized 4 and empowered to sell and dispose of certain Parts of the PofiefCons and Land Revenues of the Crown, and tpply the Money 4 arising from such Sales in making good and replacing the Bask 4 Annuities which shall have been to fold, or in purchasing Three 4 Pounds per Cent Reduced Bank Annuities in lieu thereofBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by sad with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That the said hereinbefore in Part recited Articles of Agreement, bearing Date on the said Fifteenth Day of June in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and ftxteen, Hull be and the same are hereby ratified and confirmed, and made valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofos whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That at the time mentioned in the foid Articles of Agreement for the conveying the said Estate and Premifos, the said Charles Rose Ellis shall by proper Conveyances and Assurances in the Law convey the same, and the Fixtures thereto belonging, to the Use of him the said Charles Rose EIBs, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or of fqjne Person or Persons

to

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.11S.

595

to be by him or them for that Purpose nominated for a Term of Five hundred Years, for securing the Payment of the said Purchase Monies and Interest at the times and in the manner in the said Articles of Agreement mentioned; and subject thereto, to the Use of the Com-ntimoners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and .Land Revenues for ever; and that from and immediately after such Conveyance shall be made and executed, dl those the said Manors of Ether and Milbourne, or Watervilie EJher, and the said Mansion or Dwelling House called Claremont otherwise Claremount, with the Parks, Woods, Plantations, Pleasure Grounds and Gardens thereto belonging, and all other the Messuages or Houses, Farms, Cottages,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereinbefore and in the said Articles of Agreement particularly mentioned and described, and the several Fixtures thereto belonging, by the said Articles of Agreement contra fled and agreed to be sold and disposed of, shall be settled upon andfefted in, and the same are hereby settled upon and veiled ,

in the CommifSoners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests and Land Revenues for ever, but fubiefl and without Prejudice to the Leases now subsisting in the said Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, or any Parts thereof, and subjefl and without Prejudice to the said Term of Five hundred Years, to be created according to the said Articles of Agreement for securing the Payment of the said Sum of tSixty six thousand Pounds and Interest; but nevertheless upon the Trulls and for the Purposes hereinafter expressed and declared of and concerning the said Estate and Premises; that is to say, upon Trust that they the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, shall suffer and permit Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augujla, and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourr of Saalfeldy during their joint Lives, and shaft suffer and permit the Survivor of them, during her or his Life to hold, use, occupy, possess and enjoy the said Manors,

Mansion House, Estate and rremises, and all Fixtures thereto be-fcnging, so to be conveyed and affined under and in pursuance of the said Articles of Agreement, and to take, have, collect and receive the Rents, I flues and Profits, coming, growing and arising therefrom, 'in as full, ample and beneficial a manner as if the same were absolutely veiled in them, but without any Power to fell, convey, diipofe of, mortgage or otherwise alienate or incumber the same or any Part thereof.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the On the Death Death of Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augujla or °[ the Sumvor His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg^C^pwn of Saalfeldy which ever shall be the Survivor, the said Manors, Man- property $ fion riouse, Estate and Hereditaments, and the several Fixtures thereto belonging, shall vest in and become Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and shall be settled and administered to the same Uses and in the same manner as His Majesty's Land Revenues now are or hereafter may be settled and administered.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if Her Royal on Princess fuc-Highneft the Princess Charlotte Augujla shall succeed to the Crown ceding to the of the United Kingdom in the Lifetime of His Serene Highness in thf_. Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeldy then and Highn^s^nd*in such case immediately after the Decease of His Serene Highness, , fter H'uDe-the laid Manors, Mansion House, Estate and Hereditaments, and cease;

Q q 2 the

CIO*.

56 GEO. III.

On granting Licence*, Owner* to give Security in Treble the Value of VeflVl

Security to be approved.

ComnhTionen of Customs may grant Licences for Navigation of Lugger* not exceeding 65 Tom Burthen to be employed m North Sea Fishery 5 but no Lugger to proceed beyond theDiflancee herein mentioned.

Owner ti Logger to giro Se-

A.D.y

XXIII. And Whereas it is expedient to inotaie the j

of Security for Ships, Vessels and Boats, requiring to be lid Be it therefore enacted, That Security shall be given by the C or Owners of every Ship, Vessel or Boat, for which a I be required, in Treble the Value thereof instead of in ] Value, fitch Security to be given under the same Condition, 1 Regulations, Reftriaions and Forfeitures as provided and c the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of ttiJ as far as the same are applicable thereto; and the Owner crQ of any such Ship, Vessel or Boat so requiring a Licence, fb the necessary Security for the same at the Port to which fodl Vessel or Boat shall belong, and no other, and the Persons to become such Security lor the same shall be Persons agprort] the Coty&or and Comptroller of the Customs, fuf responsible and residing at or near the same Port; ai, o Aa or A 6b of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And Whereas by the Laws in force every Veff 4 longing in the whole or in part to His Majesty's Sabjtc

whereof One Half of the Persons on board mall be Sal 4 His Majesty, exceeding the Burthen of Fifty Tons by Act 4 ment, which shall be rigged or fitted as a Lugger, is, 1 4 with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle ind J 4 subject to Forfeiture, and may be seized by any Officer t 4 Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Customff h 4 And Whereas, in consequence of such Limitation of Tofkf ' Inconvenience has been experienced by Persons carriiqtt]

North Sea Fishery, upon the Yorkshire and Norfolk Cod? Remedy whereof be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawfolu Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland, at or more of them respectively, to grant Licences for the Navif Luggers, not exceeding the Burthen of Sixty five Tons, by / furement, intended to be solely employed iti the Fishery carried the North Seat, between Saint Abb* Head on the Cotft of I and the South Foreland on the Coast of Kent, provided that 0 Lugger shall proceed beyond the respective Distances from the( hereafter mentioned; (that is to say), when any such Lugi employed in the Fishery to the Northward of a due East Lice J Lowfiojfe Light House, and to the Southward of a due East ] from Saint Abb* Head, it shall not be lawful for such Lag] proceed beyond the Distance of Twenty Leagues fiom the ( when any such Lugger shall be employed in the Fishery to theS ward of the said due East Line from Loweftoffe Light House, i to the Northward of a due East Line from the North Son' Hull not be lawful for such Lugger to proceed beyond the ] of Six Leagues from the Coast; and whea employed in the Fish to the Southward of the said due East Line from the North For and to the Northward of a due East Line from the South For it shall not be lawful for her to proceed beyond the Distana of Fd Leagues from the Coast; and if any Lugger licensed under 9, Provision8 of this Act shall be found beyond the Limits and Biibcn hereinbefore mentioned, every such Lugger shall be feiied and prosecuted in the lame manner Ihe would have been if this Act had not been made: Provided always, that the Owner and Ownen of every

Lugger,

5&GECX IIL

C. 104.

537

m Wed under the Provisions of thit Ajft, shall, before any curky in Treble IflMr proceed to Sea, or (ail out of any Port, Harbour or « Value in Kingdom, giw Security by Bond to His Majesty, hi*

|M S»cceflor», in the Penalty of Treble the Value thereof, in c.ivj, & £ larr required by an A & passed in the Forty sixth Year of the tf His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Pro-tf am AS made in the Forty third Tear of Hit present b for permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great i, /j other Articles not therein mentioned? and to alter the in of the Bond direSed to he given bp an Act of the Twenty Ytv of His Present Majesty, by the Masters and Owners

fr etd Beats ucensed by the Lords of the Admiralty, with to certain Vessels and Boats for which the Owner or n ve required to give Security by Bond as directed by that

KV. And Whereas the Regulations by Law established for Prcvrotion of Frauds on the Shipment of Goods for Exports bin respect of which a Drawback or Drawbacks of Excise is or payable, have been found inefficient to answer the good Purer thereby intended, and it has therefore become necessary to he farther Regulations in respect thereof, ' Be it therefore ed, That from and after the Fifth Day of Jody One thousand hundred and sixteen, all and every Person and Persons intend-) export any Goods in respect of which any Drawback or backs of Excise shall or may become payable, shall give to the r Officer or Officers of Excise of the Port where the same be Hupped, Six Hours at the least before such Shipment shall ude, x Notice thereof in Writing, in which Notice shall be fed the Number of Packages intended to be so shipped, with respectie Marks and Numbers, and the Quantity and Quality t Goods contained in each such Package, and Rate and Amount nty which have been paid thereon, and shall also foecify the or Place where such Package or Packages and Goods are»ud from which such Goods are intended to be shipped, and ttevhm such Shipment is intended to take place, and the Name t % or Vessel in which the same are intended to be shipped and ted, and of the Matter or Commander thereof, and of the par-r Port or Place to which such Goods are intended to be exported, so the Place or Situation of the Port in which such Vessel shall lie and may be found; and that if any Goods shall be shipped xportation, without such Notice as aforesaid being so given livered ss aforesaid, or without such Officer having been allowed iportwrity of inspecting and examining the fatne in consequence i Notice, or if such Fferfon or Persons shall not, after the Earn of such Six Hours, or after the hud Officer has finished and ktedhii Examination of the said Goods, with all due Diligence, mboot any uanecefiary Delay, ship the same and every Part^no Drawback or Drawbacks oT Excise shall be paid or thereon or in respect thereof*

Hft. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Examin-1 my Goods, or any Package or Packages specified in such s a aforesaid, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, any of Goods, Package 6r Packages (kali be found to vary from the

Description

Regulations to be observed on the Shipment of Good* for Exportation where Drawbacks of Excise are allowed*

Notice.

Goods shipped without Notice, See.

No Drawback.

If on Examination such Goods shall bo found to vary from Description given, and a

598

C. 115.

56 GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Neglect in not paying Purchase Money into Bank within time Limited.

Penalty.

mediately after such Inrolment, and thenceforth liar ever, the respective Purchasers, their Heirs, Successors or Aifigns shall by force of this Act be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Sofia and PofTeilion of the Premises so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under slim or them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes at His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same if such Sale had not taken place.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid fall hie granted, shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Consideration Money therein to be specified for the Space of Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate, or shall neglect to inroll such Certificate* and the said CafhiePs Receipt for the Money for the Hke Space of time, then every such Certificate shall be null and void, and die Consiideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unlefi the Commissioners of His Majesty'* Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being shall for any reasonable Cause to them shewn for the Omission of such Inrolment, order the same Certificate and Receipt to be inrolled nunc pro tnnc9 and which upon such Cause being shewn they are hereby authorized and empowered to do.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majeny's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, shall in every Report whi#h shall be made by them to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, and to both Houles of Parliament, touching or concerning the Land Revenue of the Crown, from and after the passing of this Act, so long as the Power of Sale given by this Act shall continue in force, certify and report what Part or Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown shall have been fold under and by virtue of the Provisions of this Act fmee the time of the making their last preceding Report, and what Sum or Sums ff Money shall fcftve been raifo^ by Means of every Sale, and in what manner the same shall have been appbed and

Power of Sale to disposed of; and that when and as soon as all the Monies required for the Purposes of this Act shall have been raised, the Said Commissioners shall certify the same in their then next Report; and when and as soon as the same shall be so raised, all the Powers of Sale hereby given to them shall cease and be no further exercised.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Deed or Writing, Conveyance, Mortgage, Assignment or other Instrument, which (hah be made, executed or (igned by any Person or Persons in pursuance of t(e said recited Articles of Agreement, or for carrying the same into Execution, nor any Certificate or Receipt to be given or granted to any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Manors, Lordfhtpt, Messuages or other Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Doty whatsoever imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Dufy to be imposed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, unlds the same be speciilly subjectad thereto and fpedfically charged therewith in and by such future Act or Acts of Parliament.

Commissioners of Woods to certify in their Report to The King and Parliament what Sales have been made under this Atl.

cease when Money required for Purposes aforesaid is raised.

Deeds, ftc. to be exempted from Sump Duty.

CAP.

56° GEO. III.

C. 1Ifc

599

CAP. CXVI.

Ay Ad to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for tie Abolition of Gaol and other Fees connected vdth the Gaols in England. [ t ft July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the

W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the 4 Abolition of Gaol and other Fees eonneSed with the Gaols in Eng* 4 land: And Whereas Doubts hare arisen whether the Judges of 4 Assize hare Power under and by virtue of the said Act, to grant 4 to certain Officers who before the passing of the same were entitled 4 to certain Feeg abolished by the said Act, a Certificate for the Purpose of enabling the said Officers to receive Compensation for such 4 Fees so abolished as aforesaid: And Whereas it is expedient that 4 such Doubts should be removed Be it therefore declared and enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same; That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Judges of Assize, who have gone the several Circuits since the toiling of the said Act, as well as future Judges of Assize, respectively, to grant such Certificate as is required by the said Act; and the said Judges of Assize are hereby authorized and reouired to receive from every such Officer as, previous to the passing of the said Act, was lawfully entitled to any Fees abolished by the said Act, an Account in Writing of what they severally claim to be due to them for such aboUflied Fees, which Account shall be verified upon the Oath of the Party churning the faffise, in like manner as is provided by the said Act in refpqft to the Clerks of Assize and Clerks of the Peace.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Amount of every such Account, after being verified as aforesaid, shall be paid in the same manner as is provided in and by the find Act, in respect to the Clerks of Assize and Clerks of the Peace.

HI. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Act

extends to Prisonen confined in Gaols and Prisons under Civil 4 Process for Debt only, and whether Prisoners confined in the

Gaols and Prisons of Liberties and Franchises under Civil Process 4 for Debt, and the Gaolers and Keepers of such Gaols and Prisons,

are within the Meaning and Purview of the said recited Act: 4 And Whereas it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed Be ir therefore further declared and enacted, That the said recited Act and the Provisions therein contained shall be deemed and construed to extend and shall extend to all Prisoners, as well Civil as Criminal, whmher confined for Debt or Crime in any of the Prisons in England, except as to the said Prisons in the said Act excepted; and that the Gaolers and Keepers of all such Gaols and Prisons, except as aforesaid, and their Servants, as well within Liberties as without, shall have Compensation for their Fees or Gratuities abo-lHbedfljy the said recited A ft or this Act, as in the said recited A ft is mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Allowances made to the Bodar or Keeper of the Prison of Donor Castle, in Heu of Fees and Gratuities paid or payable by any Prisoner on his or her Entrance, Commitment or Difoharge to or from such Prison, and also the

Q q 4> Com-

55 0*3-c. 50-

Judges of Affix* nay grant Certificate to certain Officers to receive Compen-fction for abo-lilhed Fees;

to be paid in lame manner os is provided by recited Act.

Recited Ad to extend to Prisoners for Debt.

Allowances to Gaole* of Dovor Castle Prison, fcc. how to be paid.

600

C. 116, 117

56° GEO. III.

A.B.1816.

f S

54 Gij.c.icvii

39 ft 40 G. 3. C94, §x.

Offenders becoming Insane, during Confinement, may be removed to any Lunatic Asylum.

Compensation to the Registrar of the Cinque Ports and Clerk of Dovor Castle for the Liberati granted to any Debtor orj* his or her Discharge, shall be paid out of the Funds raised by virtue of an Act of Parliament, paised in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of Poor Debtors mmd others .confined within the Gaol of Dovor Castle: Provided always* that such Allowance and Compensation shall be verified, allowed and paid in the same manner as the Relief to such Poor Debtors, and Pay- I ment for the same is directed to be allowed, verified and paid by the said recited Act.

CAP. CXVII.

An A 6t to amend an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences.

[]ft July 1816.]

HEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

An Act for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged kvitb Offences, it is enacted, that in certain cases, therein specified, it shall be law-

ful for Courts of Justice to direct Insane Persons to be kept in safe f Custody, in such Place and in such manner as to such Court shall 4 feera fit, until His Majesty's Pleasure shall be known; and that it

shall thereupon be lawful for His Majesty to give such Order for the 4 safe Custody of such Persons, during his Pleasure, in such Place 4 and in such manner as to His Majesty shall seem fit: And Whereas 4 it is expedient that Provision should be made for the due Care of 4 Persons who may, after Conviction. for any criminal Offence, become Insane; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the .Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person having been duly convicted of any Offence, who after such Conviction and during his or her Imprisonment or Continuance in any Gaol, Prison, Hulk, Penitentiary House or House of CorreftioD, under Sentence of Transportation or Imprisonment, shall become Insane, and it shall be duly certified by Two Physicians or Surgeons that such Person is Insane, it shall be lawful for One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to direct. by Warrant under his Hand, that such Person as aforesaid shall be removed to such Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle for Insane Persons in the United Kingdom, as His Majesty's said Principal Secretary of State may judge proper and appoint; and every such Person so removed as aforesaid shall remain under Confinement in such Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle as aforesaid, or in any other Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacte, to which such Person may be removed by any like Order, until it shall be duly certified to His Majesty's said Principal Secretary of State, by Two Physicians or Surgeons, that such Person has become of found Mind; whereupon His Majesty's said Secretary of State is hereby authorized, if such Person shall dill remain subject to ImprisomBent or to be continued in Custody, to issue his Warrant to the Keeper or other Person having the Care of any such Lunatic Asylum or other, proper Receptacle as aforesaid, directing that such Person shall be removed

A. D. 1816.

56° GEO. III. C. 117, 118, 119.

601

back from such Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle! to the-Gaol, Prison, Hulk, Penitentiary House or House of Correction, from whence the said Person or Persons shall hare been taken, for the Purposes of being confined in such Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle as aforesaid during the time of their being Infaoe; or, if the Period of Imprisonment or Custody of such Person had expired, that such Person shall be discharged.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for admitting Oil and Blubber from the British Colonies in iNorth Americat upon Payment of the lik$ Duty as Oil and Blubber from Newfoundland. [id July 1816.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties now imposed by 4 Law upon Oil and Blubber the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught in the Gulf of Saint 4 Lawrence, or on the Shores of any British Colony or Plantation in 4 North America, or the Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's

Subjects usually redding in any oftthe said Colonies or Plantations,

and carrying on such Fiftiery from thence, should be repealed, and 4 that in lieu thereof the same should be liable to the like Duties as 4 are now by Law imposed upon Oil and Blubber being the Produce

of the Newfoundland Fisheries Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Duties now payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Oil and Blubber the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught in the Gulf of Saint Law-rence, or on the Shores of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, or the Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually redding in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, and carrying on such Fiftiery from thence, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and in lieu and instead thereof such Oil and Blubber shall be subject and liable to the like Duties as are now by Law imposed upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Oil and Blubber being the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fiftiery from that Idand and redding therein, and imported directly from thence, on the like Proofs and Certidcates as are required on the Admission of Oil and Blubber of the Newfoundland Fiftiery as before recited, to the Duty imposed thereon by Law $ and such Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and applied in the same manner and under the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as the former Duties were.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for punishing Mutiny and Desertion in relation to the Transportation of Offenders. [ 1 ft July \ 816.3 4 WHEREAS an Act passed in the present Session of Parlia- Ante, c. 10.«W ment, intituled An Act for pumjbing Mutiny and Desertion,

and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And

Whereas

Duties now payable on Oil and Blubber from British Colonies in North America repealed, and in lieu thereof like Duties as are imposed on Oil and Blubber the Produce of Fish taken in Newfoundland Fiftiery.

C. 119, 120.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816L

Orders made by any Judge in relation to Transportation of Offenders tried by Courts Martial to be obeyed by all Persons concerned.

Clerks of Affixes &c. shall yearly transmk to Chief Secretary Accounts of the Number of Persons committed, diltinguicting the Offences, &c. according to Schedule annexed.

Whereas it is expedient to explain and amend the Provisions of the

said Act in relation to the Tnffifportation of Persons fenteoced 4 to Transportation by Courts Martial, or of Persons sentenced to 4 Death by Courts Martial, to whom His Majesty (ha]} graciously 4 extend his Mercy upon Condition of Transportation Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Order made by any Justice of The King's Bench, Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of making any such Order in relation to the Transportation of Offenders, for the Transportation of any Offender sentenced to Transportation by any Court Martial, or being liable to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of a Court Martial, to whom His Majesty shall have been graciously pleased to extend or shall be graciously pleased to extend his Mercy, upon Condition of Trasf-portation, and every Act consequent upon any such Order, shall be obeyed and done by the Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at the time be, and all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual and have all the same Consequences as any Order made or Act done under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time in relation to the Transportation of Offenders with respect to any Offender in any such Act or Act of Parliament mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant whom it may concern, and all Conftahles or other Persons, shall obey every such Order, and be Assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Pnniihment for Disobedience or interrupting the Execution of the same, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any such Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time in relation to the Trim/port-ation of Offenders; any thing in the said recited Act of tikis Seffios of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXX.

An Act to procure Annual Returns of Persons committed, tried and convicted for Criminal Offences and Misdemeanors in Ireland* [ift July 1816.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that regular Returns should be made of the Commitments of Persons charged with Criminal Offences in Ireland^ an# the subsequent Proceeding thereon Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Clerks of Affixes, Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks in Ireland, shall, within the First Fourteen Days of the Month of January in each Year, return and transmit to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor ffir Governors of Ireland for the* time being, at the Office of such Chief Secretary in Dublin CafiUt Accounts of-the Number of Persons, Male and Female, committed to the several Gaols in Inland for Trial, and

i A.D. 1816.

669 GEO. ILL

C.120.

608

c tried or discharged at the several Aisizes, Sessions of Oyer and Ter-

i miner and Gaol Delivery, General Sessions, Quarter Sessions and

B other Sessions at which they respectively ad as such Clerks as afore-

p said, which shall have been holden within the preceding Year; diftin-

j. gui filing particularly the Crimes with which all such Persons were

leverallj charged upon their Commitment, the Crimes of which js such of them as were indided were respectively indided, and the

t Crimes of which such of them as were coovided were respectively

convicted; and distinguishing under each Head of Offence the Num-, bers convicted, acquitted, discharged by reason of no Bill being t found again (I them and discharged by reason of no Prosecution, and the Sentences of such as were convicted, and also flaring under each Head of Offence the Numbers of those capitally convicted who have ' been executed; and all such Accounts mall be made out and re*

r turned according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act

annexed, or in such Form and manner and with any such additional Particulars as shall from time to time be ordered and required by, such Chief Secretary in that behalf, and such Accounts shall be

signed by every such Clerk of Aisize, Clerk of the Crown or other

Clerk as aforesaid respectively; and every Clerk of Aisize, Clerk Clsrk of AlIUs, of the Crown or other Clerk as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglectc. refuting, to make or transmit any such Return or Account in the manner and Form prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of; One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Information or Action at Penalty, the Suit of His Majesty in any Court of Record in Ireland

II. And be it further enacted, That the Chief Secretary to the Returns to be Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland hid before

for the time being, shall, between the Twenty fourth Day of January P^lhment and the Twenty fourth Day of February in each Year, if Parliament shall be fitting during any Part of such Period, or if Parliament shall not be fitting dunng any Part of such Period, then within Fourteen Days after Parliament shall meet after the said Twenty fourth Day of February in each Year, cause all such Accounts and Returns to be laid before Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Grand Juries assembled Allowances to at the respective Spring Affixes for the several Counties and Coun- Clerks of Aflne, ties of Cities and Towns in Ireland, and at the Presenting Term for to* httltd the County and County of the City of Dublin next after such Re- ?rand turns shall be made by such Clerks of Assize, Clerks of the Crown lina,

and other Clerks respectively in each and every Year, f settle and afeer- f ft.

tain the Allowances to be paid to the Clerks of Aisize, Clerks of the Crown and other Clerks as aforesaid, adingat the respective Affixes and Sessions, for their Care, Pains and Trouble in making such Returns; and it shall be lawful for such Grand Juries respectively, and they are hereby required to present the Amount of such Allowances to be raised off the County at large, or County of the City or Town, as the case may be, to which such Returns respectively relate or apply; and such Amount when raised shall be paid by the Trea* surer or such County, or County of a City or Town, to such Clerk of Aisize, Clerk of the Crown or other Clerk respectively, f also fft. shall be entitled to the same under the Provisions of this Act*

§CHE-

538

gMtter Drawback would hare heeu claimed than-of Right due, Good* forfeited.

Entering such Goods for Exportation.

Penalty.

45 G.3. r. x*X.

47 O. 3. Seff.a. e. 66.

Persons detained under recited Acts liable to serve in the Mary.

C.10 u

56*GEO.UI.

Description thereof respe£Bvely contained in such Notice, fc higher or greater Sum of Money than of Ri^fat die Mb claimed, or would according to inch Defaription, in case 6 covery or Dete&on had not been made, have been, 00 tk] ation of such Goods or Package or Packages le^icfliidfti payable as-a Drawback or as Drawbacks of Exafc tn reopen or His Majesty in any refpd& defrauded therein, aHuiejj Goods or Package or Packages, and the Goods costaun refoe&ireiy, shall be forfeited, and shall and may bt kail Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Perfioa or Prim have entered the same for Exportation, knowing thereof, M and above all other Penalties, forfeit and lose for red d such Offence Treble the Value of such Goods, mdodkg dl or Duties paid or payable thereon, or the Sum of 0*1 Pounds for each and every such Package, at the Eietbos Commissioners of Excise, to be signified in and by the idbfl to be filed or exhibited for the Recovery thereof. I*XXVII. And Whereas Doubts may arise whether mM 4 Persons who hath or have been, or who hereafter {bluff

arrested and detuned under or by virtue of an Act rxflH

Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, knUJ 4 fer the more fffitQual Prevention of Smuggling, orrfwfif 4 passed in the Forty seventh Year of £ Rein of A af

Majesty, intituled An All to make more efiSuuPmjkt 4 Prevention of Smuggling; and who, under or

4 Acts or either of them, is, are or would be Habit aklJJ 4 into His Majesty's Naval Service, now is, are or oqfcn 4 be kept and detained in the said Service, by reafbatbthi 4 not be any Person or Officer employed in His Majdj'ili 4 Sendee, or authorized or empowered by Warrant to wpwS 4 into the said Service Be it therefore eroded and deM wU and every Person and Persons who now is or are or bah or may be arrested or detained under or by virtue mentioned Acts, or either of them, and who, under or bf h the said Acts or either of them, is, are or would have kail be impressed into His Majesty's Naval Service, is, are id I liable to serve His Majesty in the said Service, and to be detained in the said Service, in such and the same nan*r, i such and the same Period of time as in the said Act, them, is mentioned; and that all and every Brrfow isd J Officers and Officer, who by the said Acts or either of tbs' or would have been authorized or empowered to rccee, h detain any such Person or Persons as in the bid Adsorb them is or are mentioned, are, is and shall be, and are sditb declared to be authorized and empowered so to do, is M* same manner, and as fully and effectually to all Iatentiadtaj as if all and every such Persons or Person, Officers or Ok been authorized and empowered so to do by any lop^ issued for that Purpose.

Crimes anid Sentences of Prisoners convicted.

CRIMES. Total Number of Persons convicted. sentences. Number of Persons capitally convicted who have been executed.

Death. Transportation. Imprisonment. Whipping. 0 1 1 Other Judgment.' Judgment respited.

5 >* f fi 8 Years. I Year. 6 Months and under.

1;

A. D. 1816. 56 GEO. III. C. 120. 605

540

C. 105.

56 GEO. III.

AJL

^5 G. 3.c.139.

Instead of Countervailing Duties on British or Irish Spirits now payable, the following to be

Countervailing

Dudes.

Fifth Day of july, and during the Continnanceof this Act, d be allowed and paid a Drawback of Four pence Fathii^ more, upon every Gallon of such Spirits, for and in itfpefi Duty paid on the Malt used and consumed in the makafi Spirits, in lieu and instead of all Drawbacks allowed oral able on such Spirits by the said Act hereby continued, m Ad made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled AtM an additional Duty of Etccife in Ireland upon Spirits mi*i from Corn or Grain. j

IV. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the fan ervailing Duties on British or Irish Spirits mentioned in tka hereby continued, or in any other Act or Acts, there finlhi levied, collected and paid to and for the Use of His Mad Heirs and Successors, during the Continuance of thbAMU countervailing Duties following; that is to (ay,

For every Gallon Irish Wine Measure of Spirits vhid I made or manufactured in Great Britain, and which st toy M the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred ami fan be imported, or brought from thence under or by virtue efil or the said Act hereby continued, into Ireland^ st i&nfj exceeding that of One to Four, or Twenty five ftrCaiu Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Five Shilhogiarffiif Farthing British Currency; and so in proportion ktujkkO{ of Strength* not being left than that of One tohfflkj Centum over Hydrometer Proof:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of SpirittifchH made or manufactured in Ireland, and which at anywdHj Tenth Day of Offober One thousand eight hundred and tab! be imported or brought from thence under or by virtu of H or the said Act hereby continued, into that Fart of QttiSn called England, at a Strength not exceeding that of Oaij over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Nine SUM Sixpence Three Farthings; and so in proportion for ujff Degree of Strength, not exceeding that of One to Foe Hydrometer Proof:

For every Gallon EngRfb Wine Measure of Spirits which Hi made or manufactured in Ireland\ and imported or brtxigi* thence under or by virtue of this Act or the said Act henhy tinued, into Scotland between the Tenth Day of OdoUr Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and Hi a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hyc, Proof, an Excise Duty of Eight Shillings and Four pence Farth and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength m* ad that of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof s j

And that from the time of passing this Act, for English Wine Measure of Spirits which shall be made or maasfo

Ireland, and imported or brought from thence under a Ml of this Act, or the said Act hereby continued, into Saw j which shall, before or upon the Tenth Day of Nevmbtr Ok w (and eight hundred and sixteen, be imported sod broogfo a Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer aa Excise Duty of One Shilling and Two peoce'Halfjpeniiy:

Slfi.

56° GEO. III.

C.XOS.

541

ifcrmy Gallon Emglifi Wine Measure of Spirits which shall ramufe&iired in Ireland* and imported or brought from rife Tenth Day of JVimaritr One thousand eight hundred der and by virtue of this Act or the said Act. hereby Scotland* at a Strength not exceeding that of One r Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Five Shillings ace Farthine, and so in proportion for any greater Degree not exceeding that of One to Four over Hydrometer

fcr every Gallon JSugH/b Wine Measure of Spirits which shall bet mmafaftured in Ireland* and imported or brought from after the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred ftka, under or by virtue of this Act, or the said Act hereby M bto Scotland* and from Scotland into that Part of Great periled England* at a Strength not exceeding that of One jsser Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Three Shillings t peace Halfpenny.

{always, and be it further enacted, That the several j Duties imposed by the said Act hereby continued on: or manufactured in Ireland, and imported from thence efid Ad into England or Scotland, shall respectively remain IMaee payable for and in respect of all such Spirits so im-Uat or upon the said Tenth Day of Offober One thousand Abed and sixteen.

\kaA be it further enacted, That in all Trials of the Strength f Inch Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Excise in any Part m Unfed Kingdom by the Hydrometer called Sikes's (a) tr, vfaenand so soon as the same shall be by Law established jhtntouse, the Strength of Eight ter Centum above Proof, K by the hid Hydrometer, shall be lubftituted and taken for A of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in ? hid Ad first hereinbefore recited; and that in all such In aforcfevd Twenty two per Centum above Proof, denoted by«Hydrometer called Sties9s (a) Hydrometer, shall be sub-lad taken for the Strength of One to Four over Hydrometer iff oeotioiied in this and the said Act first hereinbefore recited; Mtt act Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under or by virtue of jtohft mentioned Acts, or either of them, for or by reason of firing respectively of a higher Degree of Strength than One to kfe One to Four over Hydrometer Proof respectively as aforesaid, 1 together with the Calks and Packages containing the same, be fremain forfeited for and by reason of the said Spirits being pftnriy of a higher Degree of Strength than the said Strength B$Apr .Centum or Twenty two per Centum above Proof resped-4p» aforesaid. (a) [Spelt Sykes, cap. 106. post. § 29.]

Ill And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Distillers of fa in Scotland for Exportation to England, nor any Distiller or Pkn in England for Exportation to Scotland, or for Home jgje or Consumption, shall make or brew any Wort or Wash for Mhtim from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture with jbetween the Fifth Day of July and the First Day of 0Sober jkfoafand eight hundred and sixteen, and if any such Distiller or between the Fifth Day of July and the First Day of One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, make or brew any

Worts

Countervailing Duties under 54 G. 3. c. 149. 3. on Spirits nude in Ireland to continue on Spirits imported before 10th OS*

Trials of Strength of Spirits by Sikes*# Hydrometer.

In what case

Spirits, See. subject to Forfeiture under this Act, and 54 G. 3. c. 149. $ 7. to remain lb.

No Won or Wa<h from Malt, See. to be brewed far Distillation between July 5 and 06bi, i8i6b

9

Duties to He under Management of Commil!ioners of fxcise.

Duties and Drawbacks how to be levied and

paid.

Former Ada ill fpi ce.

Dutiee carried to Confiriidated Fond.

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

C. 105.

St*GEO. in.

AJU

Wort* or Warfh from Mak, Cora, Grave nr rWn* or aayl with the W, the same flmll beforfeitedrandflnllandimyb by any Officer or Officers of Exctfe.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the J Ad imposed asAiaH arise »that Part of Groat Britain t shall be under the Management of the Comanffioucra of J England for the time being; and such thereof at shall nil Part of Great Britain called Scotland Audi be under tki of the Commissionert of Excise in Scotland for the time k _ such thereof as shall arise in that Part of the United Kiogfcaj Ireland shall be under the Management of the Customs and Port Duties in Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Dotkiaail

backs by this Act imposed and granted shall respedweJr brl levied, collided, recovered and paid, in such and the like mm in or by any or either of the General or Special Menu, fl Methods by which the former Duties and Drawback of f respectively were or might be raised* levied, caUeded, i paid, and the said Persons, Goods, Wares, MerchmdimS modities, so by this Act respectively made liable to the I or chargeable with the said Duties imposed or entitled foie. Drawbacks respectively granted by this Act, shall be and ths J are hereby made subject and liable to all and every tkCwfc Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to lit I Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or CoounoditinsBtf or specially fulled and liable by any Ad- or Adsdf force on and immediately before the passing of this Duties of Excise, or other Duties under toe Managenwtoifci Commissiooers of Excise in England and Scotland* udofCm and Port Duties in Ireland* respectively, were or sudsbem or liable \ and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever couwWqji or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force ooniiff diately before the raffing of this Act, for fecuriqg the beat Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the WO missioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation and lam meat thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers wad m

contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared toextad to shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execstion farl in respect of the said several Duties and Drawbacks of Eidfcit^ ively hereby charged and imposed, in as full and ample mauitr, H Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the hid A Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fine* Paipx, Poaifle Forfeitures were particularly repeated and recna&ed in the Body this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies viytyA Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of «hf« accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to tarhep* into the Receipt of His Mafcfty's Exchequer, and dull be earned i and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Faatoeia Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be fned for, rscofutd, kn or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods as aay Fine, Peosk or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mttigitod by is

MS

1*11

J&* GEO. 111.

a 105, 106.

4* 1m of Excise, or by aAy AAkm of Debt, Bill, Plaint of ^Whritt any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WestminfitrJ I Graft ot Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland respectively, and t Moiety of every such Fine, - Penalty or Forfeiture shall be bio Heirs and Suceeflfors, and the other Moiety td i who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

And be it further enacted, That this A A may be altered, fed or repealed by any Act to be made in this present Seffiori

CAP. CVI. ift to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Wash ft.Spirits and Distillers' Licences; to grant other Duties Cfien thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the 922ation of Spirits from Com for Home Consumption in wlbndj until the Tenth Day of November One thousand gfct hundred and eighteen. [iii July 1816/}

17 HERE AS an Act was passed in the Twenty fifth Year of rf the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, f ookta to the Drftiltatbn of Com Spirits in Jmall Stills, in certain or Dtfiri&s of the Highlands in that Part of Great ha called Scotland; and for authorizing the Commjjjtoners oj ecift in Scotland to grant Licences to Persons living tn the said make or DistriSs to distil Spirits from Barley, Bear or Big, the rovrtk of Use said Counties, and for impojing a Duty on such knees: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty bird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act w the Beguktion of Djj/KHerics in Scotland, and the Exportation f Brrtrft made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scot-ad to England, for a limited time: And Whereas another A A as paled in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present ffeyfty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majtfly additional duties oo Diftdlerits in the fevered Parts of the Highlands of Scot-md, herein particularly defertbed, for a limited time; and for tgdatixg the Dudes on BtfliBerter in the refoeSive Dtflrids m eodand: And Whereas another A A was paised in the Thirty nth and Fortieth Years* of the Reign of His present Majesty, tituled An Act for repealing the Duties of Exetfe on DtJltUeries in : odand, and on the Exportation 6f British made Spirits from upland to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof t w for altering, amending and continuing certain A3s of Parliament >r the Regulation of DyBlkrics in Scotland \ by which several ids Regulations were made relative to Stills ana DiftiQeries in rrtain Dtftri&s of Scotland, distingnished from each other by otmdaries, in the said Acts respeAirely particularly described and*forth: And Whereas another A A was made in the Fifty wtrth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act w repealing the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Distillers* Wafts, Wrifr and Licences, and for granting other Dudes tn Ren thereof: And Whereas another A A was made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue, until he Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Jixteeu,

the

A3 may be altered, See.

*5 G. 3. c. a*.

33 O.3.C.61.

37 G. 3. c. 104.

39*40 G, 7. c* 73*

SS G' 3-

C.106.

Expedient to repeal Duties of

54 G.3.C.X7*. I*.

Duties repealed.

Exception.

Instead of Duties repealed, the Duties herein mentioned to be paid.

56*OEO. ul

the temporary Fourth Part of the Duties, payable in 4 DiJHUers' Wafb, Spirits and Licences, tmpojed by 4 tff*] fourt^ Fear of His present Mcpejty; and for 4 Mojeftj* b Order in Council to modify the Qpere^mtly 4 dd, or reduce the Duties thereby impo/ed: And Wi 4 have been entertained, whether the Diitindion of Loi 4 land and Hltermediate Diffri&s, as described by the

Lines in any of the said Acts made in the Twenty

third, Thirty seventh and Thirty ninth and Fortieth]

ively, of His Majesty's Reign, were aboliflted by the HA'

4 mentioned Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fiftLYoni

Majesty's Reign respectively, or were ftiU to be cootai

observed; and by reason thereof Questions have arisea,

Spirits could pass from any one Part to any other Pirtof

and it is necessary that Spirits Should be allowed to be 4 Permit from any one Part to any other Part of Set 4 Whereas it is expedient that the Duties imposed by the 4 Ad, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reita of ' Majesty, upon Wort or Wash brewed or made from

Grain or Tilts, or any Mixtures therewith, and 4 extracted therefrom, and upon Licences to be oka 4 Distillers and Redifters in Scotland, Should be repokd, !

other Duties Should be substituted in lieu thereof; ndtW 4 Regulations Should be made with respect to the ' Manufacture of Spirits from Corn for Home I.

4 Scotland May it therefore please Your Majestydtk. enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Euebt| by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament by the Authority of the same, That from and after the T< of November One thousand eight hundred and ftxteen, all md the Duties of Excise on Worts or Wash brewed or nude fas! Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, in tfj Scotland, for extrading Spirits for Home Consumpbon in i and all and Angular the Duties on Spirits made or diftOledin from Malt, Com, Grain, Tilts or any Mixture therewith, fumption in Scotland, and upon Licences to be taken oat by and Re&ifiers in Scotland (a), shall be. and the hune lie repealed; fare and except in all cases relating to the rect allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectivehr, which i*y that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfettrt* fi Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which MU) been incurred at any time before or on that Day. WIM Terms on which former Duties repealed\ 54 G. 3. c, ip>j !]

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the said Tew of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, »place of the said Duties hereby repealed, there shall be riitt* collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Hein and Succrf* several Duties of Excise hereinafter mentioned; that is to every Gallon of Wort or Walh, brewed or made m Place in Scotland, from any Malt, . Com, Grain or Tilth* Mixture with the same, for extrading Spirits forfopfanpo^. Scotland, .Eight pence; For every Gallon of Spirits of the StfjP of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which flail be

tlaw. 5(5° GEO. III. c. 106. &i&

Emnny Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilte, or any Mixture there* f Part or Place in Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland\

I The said Duties to be paid by the respective Makers of such Wort, Wash or Spirits respectively: For every Be taken out by any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines a any Part or Place in Scotland^ for Sale therein or for i therefrom, the Sum of Ten Pounds; For every Licence'4»keo out by any Redifier of Spirits in any Part or Place ttltndp the Sum of Fire Pounds; The said Duties for Licences tMbj the respective Distillers and Redifier* taking out such an nfpsdrrely.

LAod be it enacted, That the said Duties granted by this Management Ml be under the same Management, and shall be raised, levied,* CoUeatou It), secured and paid, in the same manner, and by the same Dutiit*

Slid-means, and under and fnbied to all the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with Hfed to such and the like Powers, Authorities and Declata-| ss anr provided by the said recited Act, passed in the Fifty ftYear of the Reign of Hi* present Majesty, for the Manage-VtoBedio and Recovery of the Duties thereby granted,

V* Aid be it further enacted, That the Duties granted by ApproprUckm of*(the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the Duties.

I CfR|rted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt _

BtMasrfty's Exchequer at Westminster % and shall be carried to mde Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

And be it further enacted, That the Fourth Part of the The temporary si Bedes granted by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty FounhPutof th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which were con-H by the find recited Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the %

in of His present Majesty, to the Fifth Day of July One thou-fdght hundred and sixteen, shall be, and the same Fourth Part 55 g. 3. c. 155. Jk hid several Duties is hereby further continued from the said § 1. further con k Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen* and tioued till Nov,

I remain and continue in force until the Ninth Day of November 9t x°x*' e'thodand eight hundred and sixteen; and the lame, with the csr Duties granted by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty 0k Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be raised,

14 eolleded, secured and paid, and be appropriated and applied ft manner directed by the said last recited Act.

I. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said DiAinaion of & Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, Distria* in Scocr Diftindioiis between the High and Lowland and intermediate bnd relative to rifts in Scotland', as described ift the said hereinbefore recited a, or any other Act or Acts relating to the Distilleries in Scot- Lioe|<

\ and all such Boundaries and Distinctions between any such abolKhed. imt Parts or Districts of Scotland, and all Limitations and Re- -54 G, 3. c.17*. boos relative thereto, shall be and the same are hereby repealed $ 6> 7* abolished; ' save and except as in the said recited Act of the ly fourth Yes* aforesaid is provided in relation to the Size and parity of the Stills, and subject to the1 Provisions of this Act.

'TIL And be ft further enacted, That from and after the said Tresfury tm-nthlfty of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, hail be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty* aimy for the time being, by any Warrant, Order or. Instruribon, ieGso.HL No signed

C»196.

56°oeam.

54 O. 3. C. 17*, §6, 7.

Tremfurylfo empowered to

permit Position of Vessels or UtrnfiU now existing to remain.

Treasury em-poweted to give an Eztenfioo of Credit.

Trertiry empowered to re*

signed by any Three pr more of thejn, to auttaixe and eaJ the Conimiluoners of Excise in Scotland for the time bdj any Licence or Authority in Writing under the Haodii Three or more of them, to permit any Diffityor or Scotland to mal^e use of Stills of inferior Size and Capet ttfpe&iyeiy prescribed by the faicj recited Act of the Fd( Year aforesaid, not being less than Forty Gallops, under f ditions, Limitation- Regulations and Rellridiona, as tb$ ( missionprs of His hfajethr'a Treasury shall think fit; anyd tained in the said recited Ada of. tlu* Fifty fourth and! Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any other j A&b of Parliament, to the contrary nptwith^anding.

VIII. And be it fpnrtner <ma&e(h That it (km be liaj the said Lords CommiflTjpners of His NUiefty's Treasury jj time being# by any Waiprant, Order or Initruftion, signed fa Three or more of them, to authorize and e^ppwer tie C fippers of Ipxcise in Scotland (or the time being, by any 1 or Authority in Writing under the Hands of any Three f of them, to permit and Suffer any fixed Vefel.of Utensil old tiller, which has been fixed pr placed before thf First Dajcfl One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, contrary to dm I ations now in fpree, in relation to the fixing and plapag\ Of, Utensils in the Difiilleries for Home OqnfumpUQp is.J^continue of direct the whole or such Part or Parts, of 4 or Utensils 38 are now fixfcd or placed, to be a|tcasl-l % l| tent and in fuel; manner as the said Lord? Coipnjpf hfajesty's Treasury mall think proper, under such LityPl t atiops, OopditioM, h|odifications audt Reilrictions, a tk$9 Commjflioners of His Majesty's Treasury fbajl Uaiok fit; «1 contained in the said recited Acts of the Fifty fourth ad 1 fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty rtffcBjti[J this A A, or any other Act orL Acts of Parliament to thefl nptwithstanding-

IX And be it further enacted, That it shalland msjkjl for the said Lords Ccmihiflipners of His M^e^y's Treasury if time being, by apy Warrant# Order or Ipftip^boq, fined h Three or more of them# to authorize and empoajtr the Coir* of Excise in Scotland fp X the time l^mgfjby any Licence c rity in Writing under tKp Hap4s of any Tnrpe or, rnpre of t a|low such time as they shall think fit for the Payment c by this Act impofipd, not exceeding Fqurte^ fi toe same mall respectively, become due and payah^W to t Security of Securities for tW Payment thereof fioners of Excise shall think, proper; futye& tp fw Conditipnsand ftestrictions in the .laid Lords, Ce;

Majesty's Treafpry ftajl think fit; any tldng'm u of the Fifty fpn/rtb.and Fifty fifth Yearetafriri*& 01 »

Afits relating to the Distillery, to the contrary notwfthibl

X And be it further ena£xed, That it shalland m^yl* the Lords Qoromiifionerg of His Majesty's Tieafipy fcr t bring, by any Warrant, Order or Initru&ion, [r or more of them, to authpriz^ and emppmer. f ^acife ip Scotland ftf the tiiftp, being, pyspyl,

by any Three or more of theoj, tfl

16*

ft 1815.

geq. in.

C.1061

set

Bmd out of any Duties of Exetfe in Seottiand, <for Ser-by them in preventing illicit or fraudulent Diftil-id Lords Commtffidnrrs of His Majesfcy't TrCafury «r; fubjrft to Aieh Rttfes, Directions, Condition*

!» as the said Lordfe Commissioners of His Majesty's eferibe; in order to make it the Interest of such Ex* i no illicit or fraudulent DHliUation whatever Audi jjke within their respective Dist rifts*

And be it further enacted, That from and after the said OfMalt8plrits iBiyof N(member One tbonfaad eight hundred and sixteen,4 0*Utobs for Home Gonfumptioa in Scotland shall be charged emy^00 Osl-«d pay the Duties imposed by this Act, at and after thft lorn of Wash: " ttf Foorteen Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Tell 'J^drometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wed or node from Mah, Corn, Grain or Tilts, of the Gnu-koafter mentioned.

B. And be it further enaftied, That if any Distiller of Spirits Excell to pay BateCoofomption in Scotlbnd shall, from the Commencement tbeDutyhetebl' iffennioadoa of his, her or their Licence, or when such Distiller mentwo€d* jrnwily case working for the Season, extract, make, dicti or |*ima Wort or Warn prepared or made from Mbit, Corn,

srlSte, any Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of am Gallons for every Hundred Gallons of such Worts of Wadi Hed into Spirits as aforesaid, every Distiller shall pay Duty for ri Spirits exceeding1 the Proportion aforesaid, at" and after the tof Four Shillings and Nine pence for every Gallon of such Ex*

fioopotad at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer d» over and above all other Duties on Worts, Walh or Spin to afotvet*

GUI* And hit further enaisted, That after the Worts, limUd for Gravity of Bodes impeded by this Act, shall have been dr&wri off from the Worta after & Too, it shall notf be lawful for any Distiller or other Person to* Melh

Sato or mm therewith any Mixture called Lob, or any other Tun, not to be tut or Snbftance whatsoever, by. which the Gravity of such increased, toaaybeincreased 5 and that if, after the said Tenth Day of safe Ote tfamifknd eight hundred and sixteen, any Diftilfer or lr Mu shall throw into or mix with any such Wort or Worts, >

'lie same shall baveiscen drawn off1 from the Mefk Tun, any fudx> ter called Lob, or any other Mixture or Subftanoe whatever, by b the Gravity of any such Woit or Worts, or the Walk rtadh from, or any. Rut thereof, shall be increased; or shall mix all or brief such Wert with aay other Wort, after the Gravity thereof'

«a aibertahed and taken account' of as hereinafter mentioned, -lor any'Put of such Wafk with any other Wash, except in'tbr or Under Back hereinafter mentioned; or convey away or coo* ny Part of such Wort or Wash 5 every such Distiller or Person*' f of fad Offence, or on whose Premifesear such Offence shall* omitted, fbaB'for every such Offence forfeit and pay'the Stan* be hnfldred Founds. Penalty.

IV. And be it further enfcftodj That the whole Quantity of'such Gravity of Si that are to be placed in any Wash Badoh; Tun or Veffei, for Warn by tfct Batumi, fhxUibe colIefted therein within the Space of Twelve s«cchaforo«t*r* wfnm and after the Commencement of running or conveying tooftbe fasd Wofti from the Coolers or other VefWsj and all N il 3 and

C. t06i

66n GEO. III.

Peualty.

No fixed Means of Communication from one Vessel to.an-other to be used.

Penalty.

Wash necessary to charge Still to be conveyed to a Jack Back.

and every Distiller or Difkillers shall, within such Twelve make and deliver to the proper Officer a Declaration inWria such Worts so collected as aforesaid are of a Gravity not Seventy five, as indicated by the Instrument hereinafter called a Saccharometer, directed by this Act to be DUUllcr ofleud- used for this Purpose; and if any DifUller or DifUUen neglect so to collect all such Worts within the time afoi ferment or mix such Worts with any Yeast, or any nutter or occasioning Fermentation, without making and drf Declaration as aforesaid, or which after being, so coUeded shall exceed the Gravity aforesaid, every Inch Distillrror shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and pay tk Two hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and shall not be lawful for any Distiller for Home Confnmpbos land, to have or use any fermenting Tun or Vessel in which*or Wash are set to ferment, which has a Communication of a Tube or Pipe or by any other fixed Means of with any other fermenting Tun, or any Vessel whatsoever; any such Distiller shall, after such Period, have or use mj' meeting Tun or Vessel, which has such Communicaboit other fermenting Tun or Vessel, every such Diftilkr and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the WAdd by any Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption is before it is put into the Still for Distillatioa into Lb conveyed in an open Trough or Trunk from each or Vessel in which it shall have been fermented, into a oval Vessel called a Jack Back or Under Back, which JWlkjId in the StiU House as near as conveniently may be to theVhU and shall be of a Size sufficient to contain all the Wdh mM charge the Still $ and no more Wash shall be conveyed Skf| Jack Back at One time than is sufficient to charge tie SAfl such Charge of Wash shall be so conveyedinto such Jack Backm the StiU maU be unlocked for the Purpose of being dnrgtd|l the whole Quantity of Wash conveyed into such Jack Back* I being gauged by the Officer, shall be pumped up into an open 1 or Trunk, from whence it shall be conveyed into the Still; andffj Wash used or made by any Distiller of Spirits for Home Coofl tkxi in Scotland shall not, before it is put into the Still for Dittl into Low Wines, be conveyed into an open Trough or Tnakh each fermenting Tun or Vessel into which it shall havrboth nested, into such Jack Back so placed in the Still HoafeofUO as conveniently may be to the Wash StiU; or if more Wihkl veyed therein at one time than is necessary to charge such WdJ* every Distiller so offending shall forfeit and- pay the Sum ofTeoh*

JPtnalry. dred Pounds; and if the Wash, or any Part thereof fhaUkitaan

qr conveyed from such Jack Back, before the proper Ola h have (taken an Accopnt thereof in such Jack Bade, or M be ko or concealed from, such Officer in any manner whatfwttf} the whole Quantity so conveyed shall not, after such Accouattbw has been taken, be pumped into the StHl in the mumer bad directed, every such Distiller shall for each and tmj such^OH oalty. forfeit and lote the Sum of Two. hundred Pounds.

XVII. f»

56* OEO.IIL

C. 106.

649

Provided aiwcn, and be it enacted, That if any such Dif- Week* abtarfy y Works are already constructed, wherein the Wash hasoftiutted for /ed by fixed or dose Tubes from the fermenting Tuns WaJh^to b« con-fekck Back, shall be desirous of continuing the Use of such tinued on certain if dose Tubes; it shall and may be lawful for such Dittiller Coodhuuu.

the Use thereof \ provided that every such fixed or dose 1 be placed higher than the Top of the Jack Back, and i such fixed or close Tube there shall be no Stop Cock or \ whatever, which may prevent the whole Wash therein; into the Jack Back; and provided further, that upon rge Cock communicatinff from any Walh Tun with such kdofe Tube, there shall bea sufficient Lock and Fattening, to by the proper Supervisor, at the Expence of such Dif-6 ad that the same shall oe and remain always locked and Sealed, ag when the same shall be opened at the Sight of the proper t who shall attend when thereunto required by such Dittiller* e Purpose of allowing the Wash in any such Wash Tun to > such fixed or dose Tube, to be thereby conveyed into the t; and if any such Dittiller shall use any fixed or close ^wDischarge Cock, which shall not he of the Description shall open, break or injure any Lock or Fattening to fid for any such Discharee Cock, every such Dittiller mall lad pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds* Penalty.

(Fill. And be it further enacted, That before the Wash so con- Jack Beck to be jtmothe Jack Bock as a Charge for the Still, shall be pumped jAtftme, if tha Officer shall, upon gauging and taking account "tf iftfach Jack Back, find that the Quantity of Wash focon-dittto fadh Jack Back or Vessel is greater than the Quantity of b which wu previously ascertained to have been in the ferment*

Feffcl or Vessels from whence the same shall have been so con-i; thea the Duty imposed by this Act shall be paid for any & of Wash so found in such Jack Back, in addition to the f charged upon such Quantity in such fermenting Vessel ox

And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Samples of r of Excise to take a Sample or Samples of any Wort at any Wort, Ac. may^or times after the same shall have been drawn from off the Merfv* uken*

\» often as may be necessary, for the Purpose of ascertaining the b thereof; and in like manner it shall be lawful for any Officer tdfe to take a Sample or Samples of any Wash at any time or l after the lame shall have been put in any Tun or Vessel, Tuns rtfieU for the Purposes of Fermentation, or in the Jack Back twmping the same into the Still; and every Dittiller of Spirits 1

them Consumption in Scotland shall fix or cause to be fixed in joy fomenting Tun or Vessel, within Thirty Inches from the kfeo thereof, a Brass Cock of sufficient Size, to enable any Offi-kof £xdfe to draw off, without Inconvenience or Delay, a Sam-far Samples of the Wash contained therein; and any such Dittiller ffikill negfed or delay so to do, after being thereunto required Excise Officer, or shall hinder or prevent such Officer from «foany such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay worn of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

U And be it further enacted, That the Instruments to be Sacchuometsr ^borderto ascertain the Gravity of Worts or Wash, as directed to be prodded N n 3 by

4*0

&106.

Aram Hi»

tojftrtiiadbc

Guvibr of Warn.

One Sacchiro-meter to rerniin at Eidft Office and shewn.

On Increase of Gravity.

PpmWpPw-

Position of Tons, &c. not to be altered.

Penalty.

Low Wine Pump and Charging Cock of Low Wine Still to be locked.

Opening Lock,

Atii

by this Act, ihallhe thofo nude io the luannr of acmui) ment called a Saccharometer, invented by Defter Tksi/u, leribedf from the Maker's Name, Allen* % Sactharameter Hull and may be lawful for the Comauffionert of Esde land, by and with the Approbation of the Lords Commifi His Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby required to p sufficient Number of such Sacchacometers to be used by the uf Excise acting in the Eaecution of thi* Act.

XXL And be it farther enacted, That one of thelifa known by the Name of AUee? % Sacdurometer, to be pm the Commissioners of Excise at afoedaud# shall be sad s their Office in the City of Edinburgh, and dull be (hem Diffiiler who shall desire to fee the same* during the Horn d in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That tf» upon making or taking an Account for aicertauuag the County of the V Walk in any VdM by the fmd Instrumeut called a bock it shall appear that the Wort or the Wash made tftcnftoo ft inemfed in Gravity fmee the lad preceding Trial of theft the same Inftniaient, to the Extent of Five Degrees* It wfc that Itoftrument, the Wort or Wash in any and every ft shall be deemed and taken to have been firauduksdy du charged, and the whole Quantity of Wort or WaA tftwl charged with Double the Duty tmpofod by this Act If* ft

XXIIL And be it further enacted, That k shall nutbhft any Diffiiler of Spirits for Home Consumption in Jadfl* in any respect the Size, Situation or Pofkionof any Tus, V<ft Back, Still or other .fixed Utensil whatsoever, used bybai Purports of Dinitiation, or in the Preparation of any Ifo Distillation, without giving Notice in Writing to the Oft Excise of his Division; and if any Diffilkr or other Perk I any respect alter the Size, Situation or Position of ssy (id Vessel, Jack Back or fixed Utensil, without such Notice, s place any Substance, matter or thing at, in or upon the D Place or Places of any Tub or other Vessel used by him; o make any Alteration in such Dipping Place or Placet) or ( any Act, matter or thing by which the Officer nay be pit Or hindered from taking true Dips and Gauges of any Wort <x therein $ every such Diffiiler so offending, or in whoif Premift such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay the Si Two hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after ti Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred & the Low Wine Pump, and also the Charging Cock of ft Wine Still, uftd by any Diffiiler of Spirits for Home Cosfoap Scotland, shall be locked and foaled, and opened by the EsrifeO in the same manner that the Wash Pump and Chargioa Cod* Wash Still ufod by such Diffiiler are locked and wsM«d«Y by the Excise Officer j and proper Locks sod Keys bill b vided by every such Diffiiler for this Purposet and if any P< shall by any Means open any such Low Wine Poop or Cl Cock, after the same shall have been so locked or focurvd by Excise Officer, or shall wilfully damage the fane, or tk

Fifoing*

Alto.

«*GEO. m.

C. 106.

Ssi

I dKMfi every such Hull forfeit u4 the 8mA

axfced Pttufld.

Atoi be it further euaded* That the Spirit Cask or Receiver, _.i the Spirits tet'e required to be ran Or COtoveVed from the lattes produced from etch Charge of the Wash Still or Stills Ilf »Bf DiMler of Spirits for Hottte Confuttipticm in Scotland, f k placed by every such iJiftitteV as near to the Difcherge of Worm of the Low Wine Still as conveniently rftay be, and not tr concealed from open View; which Spirit Calk 6r Receiver Itefcficwnt to contain the whole Produce of Spirit! to be ran I web Charge df such Still $ ind if every such Spirit Gaik or kfar fiutll not be tdaced In the manner, and be of the Siae herein £hi) every Distiller or Person oilending in this respect shall for* ; adp*r the Suite of Two hundred Pound*. fiXVl. And Wheteas the diftffling Feirlts with Wash is injo-hnto the Quality of the SpiritsBe it therefore enacted, That i*A after the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hen* 1 tad fit teen, no Distiller of Spirits for Home Cotefumpdon hi du/flnll mil any Feints with any Wash or LowWiries, or put tfteinto any Back or other Vessel, or into any 8till in which or Low Wide* shall then bet br my Wash into any Back 'iht Veffri, or into my Still where my Feints shall be, but (halt* ferny such Distiller k hereby required to provide a proper Feint ifi fnffident to contain the whole Quantity of Feints necessary r One Charge of the Low Wine Still used By any such Distiller DiBlm; and every such Distiller shall, immediately on the e*-ifldbt thereof, ran and convey all the Feint* which shall be pro* tedtrcmnch Charge of his or her Still or Stills directly from ach Stdl or StBla into such Feint Calk* to be kept therein under the /id of the Officer; ahd all Feints to be produced by any such Nft&r M be kept and continued in such Feint €a(k, under such oek a! iforesaid, Until the faitee amdiint in Quantity to such barge U tforefidd, and shall be pilmped into the Low Wine Still thereinafter mentioned; and the proper Officer of Fxcise shall and «f, Iren time to time daring such time as aforesaid, take a true mgt ad try the Strength of all Feints in such Feint Ca(k, and cast fd compote the same at the Rate of One to Ten ovet Hydrometer hoof, and keep an e*act Account thereof: Provided always, that i such DifHUet shall coHe6t or keep at any one time a greater Quail* y of Feats than is fuftcient for One Charge of the Low Wine Still w by him or her; and that so soon as such Quantity of Feints ill be so collected as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall and he and «bbertby iripffied to give Notice to the proper Officer that such Attire id colfe&ed, and of hb or her Intention to charge ini 1 bet Low Wine 8 till therewith, and upon the Officer's attending itfwt so ftfcfe Notice, to pump all such Feints* in the Presence of A Officer* from and out of such Feint Calk into the Low Wine Iffl tried by such Distiller, and to run the Produce thereof from tdt Low Wine Still into the Spirit Receiver j and any Distiller fofing in any of the above Particulars shall for every Offence for* feitauf pay the Stm1 of Tw6 hundred Pounds.

XIVII. Arii be it ftrtthfer enacted, That before making or ttfoig i Composition or Mixture called Bub, or any other Compositron or fixture for inducing or increasing the Fermentation of Wort or

No* Wash,

Penalty.

Spirit Cast or Receiver to be placed near to the Worm, and to be of sufficient Capacity to bold the Charge.

Penalty.

Feint Cast to bo provided to eon* tain Feints necessary for one Charge, &r.

Officer may gauge Feints.

Notice to Officer of Feints tol* leaed.

Penalty.

Entry of Vessels for Bub or other Mixtures.

m

Notice before making Mixture.

Gravity to be ascertained.

Seizure*

Distiller not making Entry or not giving Notice, or obtruding Officer.

Penalty.

Provtfo.

Not less than Nine Gallons of Spirits of i certain Strength may be fenc out with Permit.

C. 106.

56° GEO. ILL

AM

Wash, any Distiller of Spirits for Home Conlktmptjoa is &4 shall make entry of every Vessel used by him for die Pffflfl making or keeping any such Composition or Mixture* deidA^| fame# and specifymg the Use to which each such Vessel ki applied; and every such Distiller shall also give Notice lothe of Excise, at lead Six Hours before beginning to make Composition or Mixture* and the Officer of Excise shall taheslj count thereof in such Vessels respectively* and shall and times be at Liberty to take a Sample or Samples thertsl ascertain the Gravity thereof by the said Instrument called i charometer; and if the Gravity thereof, or any Part thereof ki tained, shall not any time be greater than the Gravity of tbt^made by such Distiller* so limited and so taken account of m A said* such Composition or Mixture shall be deemed and takes to Walk, and the Duty hereby imposed on Wort or Walk M charged thereon; and if the same* or any Part of such Mb Composition* shall at any time be found of any greater Gra aforesaid* the same shall be forfeited* together with every Vessel containing the same* and shall and may be seized by uyl or Officers of Excise; and if any such Distiller shall not mb or shall not give Notice in the manner herein directed* or if cer shall be prevented or obstructed in taking an Accout or Samples as above prescribed* as often and at such tnwufkffip think necessary* to a (certain the Gravity thereof* or ifjUJMf shall refuse or neglect to remove and put all such Mixture or Composition unto his or her fermenting fsMllM the same with the Wort therein as aforesaid* every fuchMfa* offending in any of the above Particulars* or in whole PwAtg such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay the ill 4 Two hundred Pounds: Provided always* that if any fod DUr shall* within Thirty Hours after such Composition or MixtMsJll have been begun to be made* remove and put the whole tfoabft his or her fermenting Tun or Tuns, and mix the fiune thenipt the Wort or Wash in such Tun or Tuns* in the Presence dtft proper Officer of Excise* or if such Officer shall afterward him Increase of Wash in the fermenting Tun or Tuns into which Distiller or Distillers shall declare such Composition or Mixtnel| have been put within such time as aforesaid* equal to the AoMt thereof and arising therefrom* the same shall be charged with Dt| therein as Part bf the Wash made in such Tun or Tuna rdpe&vHfr and not distinctly and separately therefrom.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted* That it shall and may he lawful for any Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption is land to fell and send out* accompanied with a true sad lawful so mit* to any Person or Persons, not being a Re&ifier or Coapoatkt of British Spirits* any Quantity of Spirits in any Calkarhcfeye not containing less than Nine Gallons of. Spirits of a Strop! i& exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof* nor left tmOo in Six under Hydrometer Proof* on pain of forfeiting all Spfo fold or sent out contrary hereto* with the Calks (w otW Pach|pf. containing the same* and all Horses* Cattle* Carriages and Bott made use of in removing such Spirits* which may be firised by a] Officer of the Customs or of Excise.

XXIX. And

5(5* GEO. III.

C. 106*

959

Aftd be it further enacted, That in all Trials of Strength Adjnfttog tb«

Ms by any Officer or Officers of Excise under this Act, drwneter called Sykes'* (a) Hydrometer, when and so soon f flail he by Law established and brought into use, the \ of Eight tier Centum above Proof, denoted by the said (ter, shall be substituted and taken for the Strength of »Tcn over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in this Act; and f Strength of Seventeen per Centum under Proof, denoted hid Hydrometer, shall be substituted and taken for the kef One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in this (a) Spelt Sikes, cap. 105. ante* $6.]

J« Aid be it uuther enacted, That if any Distiller or Stills note* ft lull work or charge any Still or Stills on the Lord's Day be worked oa died Sunday; (that is to say), if any Still or Stills shall 8ttDd, 7* (smpktdy discharged and worked off at or before Eleven of uk oa Saturday Night, and shall not continue uncharged until f the Clock on Monday Morning following; or if any Still Mai! be found charged or at work, or filled with any thing An Water, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock on (nftgbt and One of the Clock on Monday Morning, then 'fid Oilfiller or Distillers in whose Premises such Offence fe onmitted shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pauaky. k besides being liable in every other Pain or Penalty in Law eating the Lord's Day.

XL And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Recovery sad tom by this Act imposed shall be sued for, mitigated, reco- p*^0"

Vend and distributed, in the manner in which Fines, Pc- e iindFoffetnres are directed to be sued for, mitigated, reco-I* tried and distributed, by the said recited Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

CXII. Aid be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Licence under )iftiHer for Home Consumption in Scotland to make entry in th"A&*y^ awer directed by Law, and apply for a Licence under the wity of this Act, at any time not exceeding Ten Days pre- xo* NoTnnL g the hid Tenth Day of November One thousand eight bun-ttdflzteeo; and upon such Licence being granted to such ler, it shall and may be lawful for him or her to prepare Worts fab for Diitillation in the manner directed by this Act, but not p to diifil any Part of such Worts or Waih until the said Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: led always, that if such Distiller so applying for such Licence are obtained a Licence pursuant to the said recited Act passed: Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it be made mamfeft to the said Commissioners of Excise in Scot* or to the Person or Persons authorized by them to grant such ai, that all the Worts or Wash prepared by any such Dif-tader his current Licence, shall have been distilled into Spirits, iioy Licence shall be granted to such Distiller under the Au-ij of this Act.

am. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Every Licence d for any Distiller to apply for a Licence under the Authority to txpireon tbs JJ Act at sny time of the Year after the said Tenth Day of 9th of* rib One tix>u(and eight hundred and sixteen; but every Li-granted under the Authority of this Act shall expire on the

Ninth

G 106, 107.

56° geo- m.

AH

Him* Bay of November kmaedworiy fabfequedt tt the] OftAatencenieiit of such Licence.

$4 G.3. c.17*. XXXIV. And be k ettacted, That die find mstrii to remain in Fifty fourth Year of the Relgtt of His prefcflt M^tb I

focce* and continue in force, end be ra tall rtfpe&s aflbjdbbka

for totting and paying the Duties hereby ifflpokd* < as the said Act is hereby altectd, as fully and effri tents and Purposes as if the same were repeated and c ptefetit Ad.

Commencement XXXV. And be it enacted, That this Act fall ( and Continuance and from the Tenth Day of Number One theafcndf of and flatten, and shall continue in force until the

November One thonfeud eight hundred and eigfetm*

Ad may be XXXVI* And be it further enaftvd* That das Act altered, &c. twed, varied or repealed by any Ad to be pdfM fe 1 Session of Parliament.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to amend an Act of the tail Seflida of Pa latiftg to Stamp Duties in Great Britain, so far as s Inventories to be exhibited and recorded in any Cm Court in Scotland. [ibJji

\TJ HEREAS by an Act passed hi the Fifq*l!

1 Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for 1 Duties on Deeds, Lavs Proceedings, and othtt tWfifcM

Instruthehts, and the Duties oh Fire Ihfvranrtt, tolin

and Succtffions to Perfohal Estate upon lntefiodct\ ittff

Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in fist fkijtj

ad valorem Duties were imputed tipdrt Inventories to bead! and recorded in any Cammiffaty Court in Scotland) offtj

and Effects of Pterions Who shall hate died after theT

of October One thouserid eight hundred and eigftt: Ani

it is expedient to relieve certain additional Inventories Ml

valorem Duties Be it therefore enacted by Excellent Majesty, by and With the Advice and Confctt oft! Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprcfwt Pi assembled, and by the Authority of the same* Thatfrota* the passing of this Act, where Inventories of the Period or] able Estate and Effects of Persons cfcceased (hrillltfebmnr and recorded in any Comttissary Court in Stotkudi prior I Fifft Day of September One themfand right hwrifri oi I pnrfuant to the Directions of arid duly Ramped at required b Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of HbMMy'ilkj* tituled An As for repealing the Stamp Duties tot Dee&i Ls*b deedings and other written or printed Ihfthtihetdty dhd titS* Legacies and Suctions to Personal Estate tptot IhteJhM dbtt in Great Britain, and for granting nevt DuHti kW*

55 G.3.C 184. Sch> Flit the Thta, tit. Inventory.

Certain additional Inventories exhibited in the CommifTaiy Courts in Scotland exempted.

and in consequence of the subsequent Discovery of other longing to the same Perform, additional Inventories after be exhibited and recorded purfuatrt to the Diredflfittha Act, all such additional Inventories fhaR be cieopri the said act valorem Duties granted by the frid Act rf tk Year of Hirbfrjesty'* Reign, and mt such of the M

Ifiventocw

M°GEOl I$L

cm

«f5

would not haw been liable under the bid Ad of r eighth Year of His Majesty* Reign, in case the same had \ and recorded prior to the Sint Day of September One w hundred and fifteen, to a Stamp Duty of greater.t than the Duty already paid upon any former inventories ex- % WA recorded of the Estate ana Effcds of the same Persons,

\ L«U)j exempted from Stamp Duty) and that for and in if such of the bid additional Inventories as would have been bud Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's i the Came had beea exhibited and recorded prior to the fd September One thoubad eight hundred and fifteen, to iWy of greater Amouat than the Duty already paid upon mm hveotSTM exhibited and recorded of the Estate and f the same Persons, there shall be raised, levied and paid,

I for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Snccenbrs, the same Duty only as such additional Inventories would cm fuhje£fc and liable to under the bid last mentioned Act.

And be it further enacted, That the bid Duties hereby granted J wder the Care and Management of the Commissioners of»Great Britain, which bid Commissioners and the major \ are hereby empowered and required to provide proper

BStamps or Dies for expressing and denoting the said granted, or the Amount thereof respectively, upon wchment or Paper chargeable therewith, and to alter Jkv the same from time to time as Occasion shall require, and J9 employ such Officers and Persons under them, and to do aft t Acts and things as shall be thought necessary or expedient tty raffing and coifeding the bid Duties hereby granted, r putting this Act into Execution, in the like and in as foil er as they or any former Commissioners are or have to do for the rating and oolleding of any former p Duties, or for putting into Execution any Act or Acts of t lebting thereto.

And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisioui, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and I contained in and imposed by any former Act or Acts of; relating to any Stamp Duties, shall be of foil force and I with rofped to the Duties hereby granted as for as the same f hall be applicable, and shall be observed, applied, enforced t in Execution, for the rafsing, levying, colieding and fccurmg t food Duties hereby granted and otherwise relating thereto, as 1 effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had i herea repeated and fpedally enacted with reference to the bid its hereby granted.

W* And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to wife from UMes granted by this Act shall be paid, applied and ffifposed the same manner as the Duties from which the bid Leases and Iblmetaie hereby exempted would have been payable and appli-Jhhctfe this Act had not been made.

Additional Id* ventaries lhMo

trader 48 0.3. c. 149* P*7

greater Duty, shall be charged with that Duty only.

Duty under Commissioners of Stamps.

Powers of former Acts relating to Stamps to extend to Una AA.

Application of Duty.

t

CAP.

.108.

56" GEO. III.

d

4 j O. 3. r. 8i.

8ch. (B.)

w

Dnwbick under recited Act

to cease.

43 O.3.C. 8x. Sch. (A.) tit. Irish Beer, Ale or Mum.

50O.3.C.34.

la.

cap. cvm.

An Act to repeal certain Drawbacks and Countei of Excise on Beer and Malt; to alter the 1 Plate Glass, and to prevent Frauds therein.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty third I a Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Am Asfrf to His Majesty, until Twelve Mouths after the Rdtjftd Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties A Great Britain, a Drawback is granted and allowed of] lings and Eleven pence for every Barrel of Strong Bar brewed or made in Great Britain, above Eighteen rl3t Barrel exclusive of the Duty, and not being Tw t mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Union with Scotland, which shall be duly exported tt Parts as Merchandize, and which shall be proved to k brewed after the Fifth Day of July One thousand dgk' and three: And Whereas several of the Duties mm said Act were by subse^uent Acts continued until the Hi of Juh One thousand eight hundred and sixteen (Aafi of such Duties have been and are further continue^ m on Malt thereby imposed will cease and expire July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, aUMtli arise whether by the Continuance of such Duties a AAM said Drawback in respect of the Exportation of hifti tinued For the Prevention and Removal of fuchDodlHW declared and enacted by The King's Most Excellent MatbiVf with the Advice and Consent of the Lords SpintoalndThfi and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, andhvtki thority of the same. That the said Drawback in itfpeftifcV portation of Beer does and shall wholly cease tnd exjse 4*jl Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred sod fiiKM shall be no longer paid or payable, any thing in any other AS* Acts of Parliament in the present or any other SeffioooofPrf^ to the contrary notwithstanding. \a) [5c G.3.s.27.] j

II. And Whereas by the said recited Act a Counter* Duty of Excise of Four Shillings % nd Eleven pence it uspoW every Barrel confiding of Thirty fix Gallons sure, of Irish Beer, Ale or Mum, which shall be imported Great Britain, directly from Ireland, and the said Duty btfljj since continued and is now in force: And Whereas by torn other Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforasi* tuled An Act for allowing the Exportation of British a*ilohfr Malt from One Part of the United Kingdom to thesdottOn tervailing Duty of Excise of Four Shillings and Fa*!*1 imposed for every Bushel of Malt unground made infi*imported directly from thence into that Part of Great JM* England; and another Countervailing Duty of Excise mW Shillings and Eight pence and Ten Twentieths of a Farthing by the said last mentioned Act imposed for every BuiW«Malt made in Ireland and imported directly from thence into Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and by the said Id*

tKKW

A.D. 1816

56° GEO. III.

ess

surer, CWrk and Surveyor, and also a CoUcftor of the Rates or Af-ieflmenu to be made at hereinafter mentioned) and such other Officers and Persons as they shall think necessary, and may remove any such Officers or other Persons as they shall think proper, and appoint others in their Stead, and pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to all such Officers or Persons as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to take Security from every such Treasurer or Collector as they shall think proper.

X. And be it further eoacted, That every such Treasurer and Collector shall, under their respective Hands (at such time or times, and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct j deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing of all such matters and things as may be committed to their Charge, and of all Monies which shall have keen by them received, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and now much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and all such Collectors shall pay all such Money as shall remain in their respective Hands; and it any such Collector as aforesaid shall at any time or times hold or keep in his own Hands for the Space of Three Days together, any larger Sum of Money to be received by him under this Act, than the Sum of Fifty Pounds, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, within the Space of Ten Days next after he shall be called upon by them or their Treasurer to pay such Penalty; and every such Collector shall, when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, assembled at any such Meeting as aforesaid, produce a Book containing an Account of the Rates and AfTeffinents kid by virtue of this Act, which shall be in arrear and unpaid, and the Names of the Persons by whom the same ought to be paid, with the Sums by them respectively owing, and the time when the same became due; and every such Treasurer and Collector so accounting shall upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer, ) verify such their respectsve Accounts j and if any such Treasurer or Collector shall lefufk or wilfully neglect to make and render, or shall refufeto verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid; or in case the Clerk of the said Commissioners, or any such Treasurer rCallfcftor, shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall' appoint, within Fourteen Days next after being thereunto required by-Notice in Writing, signed by the said Commiffibners, or* any Two or more of them, and' given to or left at the Ifcfeor usual Place of Abode of such Treasurer, Clerk or Collector* all Books, Papers and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or Duplicates thereof respect-fctly, or give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners respecting the same, and Complaint shall be made thereof on the behalf of the said Commissioners, to any Justice of the Peace for the County of Mid* dttfem or City of Westminster* such Justice is hereby anthorized and required by warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Tnea-furerj Clerk or ChQeftbr V bo brought before him, and upon his

'appearing

Treasurer and Collector to account.

Unduly keeping Money in Hum.

Penalty.

Refbfing ts account.

Clerk of Commissioners, Treasurer and Collector to dearer to Commis* fiooeri or their Appointee on Notice of Fourteen Days. Books, &c. relating to Act os Duplicates.

a»

a. 108.

$6* GEO. Itt.

tain Ske and Thkknefstfirc. Shipping contrary hereto.

One Eighth of an Inch at the least* and unkft each and i of such Gmand and Polifted Plate daft be free from Sliders, and be perfect and fit for immediate IKe, as aw) ft and Polifted Plate Glast; and that if any Perfba or Pq pack or ship for Exportation 00 Drawback* any Plate q Plate Glaft aaand for Ground and Polifted Plate Glafira Minim which is not Plate Glass or has not been gross lifted* or which shall be Foreign Glass or of lew Dii Thinkneft throughout than aforesaid, or shall he ftaiord, q or unperfect, or not immediately fit for Use as and fl and Polifted Plate Glass, or any other Sort of GUa with any Ground and Polifted Plate Glass, the same* together Package in- which (Such Plate or Plates may be coQtaimfl the Glass theasin shall be forfeited^ and shall and mty be any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Ferfon or offloading shall forfeit and lode for each and every Package the Snm-of One handled Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted* Than in lien of the afonefeid* and of all other Drawbacks of Exctfe, thee and allowed for every Hundred Weight of Ungrossd

_____ lifted Plate Glass made in Great Britain, in respedrf

UnpolUhed Plate foil' Duties inspoftd on Plate Glass shall, hove been paid, 1 Gltis esprned shall be duly exported in re&aogular Plates of pcrfcft as Glass, and of the Diroenfions of Six Inches in Lcngtbdi Smenfionsthe in Breadth at the lead, and of the ThieknefiiAl Drawbacks here- of an Inch and not more than Half an Inch, thin

Sckure and Penalty.

In Gen of the Drawbacks now payable, there shall be paid for Unground or

in mentioned. ShippngcoQ. trary hereto.

Sdsure.

Penalty.

Makers of Plate Glass may break in Pieces any Number of Plates of Unground and Un-potilhed Glass in Presence of Super* ifor, Sec. of District.

Bounds Eighteen Shillings only, and so in proportion i or.left Quantity; and that if any Ferfoa or Berfoti Uj ship for Exportation on Drawback any Unground orU Plate GUft of left or greater Diraenfiont in ThichnA, < Dinesfioof in Sins than at last aforesaid, or any foal, ire ujunerchaatahk Unground or UnpoUfted .Phte Gbfi, or I or ship any Unground or Unpwifteft Hate- Glafin other Package wither amongst any other kind lor Sect of4 same, together with the Package in which any inch GU contained*, aadallitfae Glass thereto, shall.be forfeited* ad| may befeirod by any Officer or Officers of Exact; asd \ or Personv so offending AaU forfeit and life for cadi 1 such Case or Package the Sum of One hundred .Rxredi.

V; And bait further enacted, T % reekit; ftaUiand any be li and for any Makar or Makers of Hato GWt in the Man Supervisor or Surveyor and Suweying.Officer of the Difbid I his, her or their Glaft House shall f he-Stunted, tofteaktop' the Satisfaction of such 1 Supervafar'or Surveyor and otherd that the same he thereby rendsredtwhoUy uMefc, . except remelted, any Number of Ph&tsaf Ungvouadiaad Unpofi Glass* provided the same (kall be so.brureiviftertlieiMnel come from the Kin and been aaneakd, aedbefon briars from* the Gtafe Houfo where it< shall have bseaianandMi Wrorhopfe> and so as each and every of fiwk Ekw hi 1 good'and nreeeharoabk Plate Gsoso, and of tkoripad i wtieh.the same were mads* and nos loft than ffixlreareisl a*d< Four Inohea i» Bneadth* andQswterof aa lirf or than Hits'an Jtah'ia Tfflchnef* .anddhadnkemniMfos^ i

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.128.

625

Part of such Limits, or make the same otherwise than as shall be directed by the said Commissioners, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence, and such Person so offending shall also pay all the Expences of restoring such Ground or Pavement to its former State.

XII. And Whereas several Persons have already paved, or may hereafter at their own Expence pave certain Squares, Passages and ' Places, within the Limits of this Act, for which it is reasonable 4 some Allowance should be made ; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and out of the Monies to arise under and by virtue of this Act, to make and pay to such Persons, as to the said Commissioners shall appear to be entitled thereto, such Payments or Allowances for or in respect of such Pavement made and done, or which shall hereafter be made and done by them as aforesaid, as to the said Commiffipners shall appear fair and reasonable.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase the Pavements and Footways, or the Materials of which the old Streets may have been paved or made, in all or any of the Streets, Squares, Ways, Courts, Passages or other Places under the Jurisdiction of any Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees before the passing of this Act, which shall be taken, blocked up, widened or altered under the Provisions of this Act; or such Parts thereof as shall be 'Within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under this Act, and all Iron Rails, Gates, Lamp Pods and other Materials belonging to any such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, within such Limits, and also to make Compensation to tiny such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, for any Lof8 or Damage which they or their respective Parishes may sustain by reason of any of the said Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Passages or Places, being put or placed under the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution; and also to purchase, take or hire any Piece or Pieces of Ground, for the Purposes of digging Gravel for the better paving such Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places as aforesaid, and for the Purposes of depoflting Materials thereon, for or on account of such Paving, or for the Purpose of erecting a Watch House or Watch Houses thereon, or to rent any Building to be made use of as or for any other of the Purposes of this Act, as shall appear to them to be necessary, for such Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, and for such time, as to them shall appear reasonable, which Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, shall be respectively paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act; and also to erect any Watch House or Watch Houses, and any Number of Watch Boxes, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Place or Places as they may think proper, and likewise to buy or hire such Horses, Carts, Teams or Carriages, as may be necessary for the Purpose of carting such Gravel, or for cleansing or watering such Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Passages and Placet at aforesaid, or for any other Purpose directed by this Act; and also to hire such Persons, buy such Materials and make such Regulations for the better Execution of any such Purposes, as they the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall in their Discretion think proper. 56 Geo. III. S s XIV. And

Penalty.

Commissioners to make Allowances to such Person* as may have paved at their own Expence.

Commissioners may purchase Materials of old Streets, &c or purchase or hire Ground for getting Materials, and for building Watch Houses, fts.

616

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816*

trttes of unlawful Afferablies; and after sustaining Damage, to give Notice within Two Days after to some Inhabitants of Town, Ac.

Examinations Upon Oath to be had before a Justice withih Four Days as to a Knowledge of the Offenders.

l i mitation of Aflion for Damages.

In Scotland Notice to be given to Sheriff, tcc.

C. 1*5, 1*6.

or Persons who is or are the Owner or Proprietor or Owners or Proprietors of any of the Engines, Works, Buildings, or other Property hereinbefore particularly specified, Aiall, as soon as conveniently may be after such unlawful Assembly Audi take placet by himself or themselves, or by his or their Servants, give or cause to be given due Notice and Information of such Assembly having taken place, to some or one of the nearest Magistrates, and to the Constable or some one of the resident Housekeepers of the Towns, Villages or Hamlets near to the Place where any such Assembly shall take place; and that no Person or Persons Audi be enabled to recover any Damages by virtue of this Act, unless he or they AiaO have given such Notice and Information as aforesaid, by himself or themiehres or by his or their Servants, within Two Days after such Damage or Injury done him or them by any such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, f Aiall give Notice of such Offence done and committed, unto some of the Inhabitants of some Town, Village or Hamlet near unto the Place where any such Fad Aiall be committed; and Aiall within Four Days after such Notice give in his or their Examination upon Oath, or the Examination upon Oath of his, her or their Servant or Servants, that had the Care of his, her or their Property hereinbefore specified, so destroyed or damaged as aforesaid, before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Liberty or Division where such Fad Aiall be committed, inhabiting within the said Hundred where the said Fad Aiall happen to be committed, or near unto the same, whether he or they do know the Person or Persons that committed such Fad, or any of them; and if upon such Examination it be confessed that he or they do know the Person or Persons that committed the said Fad, or any of them, that then he or they so coo-feffmg Aiall be bound by Recognizance to prosecute fych Offender or Offenders, ' by Indictment or otherwise, according to the Law of this Realm t Provided also, that no Person who Aiall sustain any Damage by Reason of any Offence to be committed by any Offender contrary to this Act, Aiall be thereby enabled to sue or bring any Action against any Inhabitants of any Hundred where such Offence Aiall be committed, except the Party or Parties fuffaining such Damage Audi commence his or their Action or Suit within One Year next after such Offence Aiall be committed: Provided nevertheless, that the Notice hereby required may and Aiall be given in Scotland to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Subffitute of the County or Stewartry where such Fad Aiall happen to be committed, in order that such Measures may be taken as the Law of Scotland prescribes in such cases*

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to amend an Act of he Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland\

[ift July i8l<5.]

PEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His

W present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of

Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, and it is expedient to amend the said

Ad, and to distinguiAi between the cases of such Insolvent Debtors

who Aiall have been guilty of gross Injuft ice towards their Credi- tors, and the cases of those who Aiall not have so conducted them*

selves

56° GEO. III.

C. 110.

561

CAP. CX.

; for the further Regulation of the Trades of Tanners Tiers. [ift July 1816.]

IE REAS it is expedient to repeal the several Drawbacks of Excise payable by Law upon the Exportation of Hides Lins, tanned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain, and Leather r manufactured into Goods or Wares in Great Britain, from t Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, and to grant and pother Drawbacks of Excise in lieu thereof Be it therefore 1 by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Sid Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and i in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority e. That from and after the passing of this Act, the sevenu s of Excise now payable by Law, upon the Exportation i and Skins tanned, tawed or drafted in Great Britain, and made or manufactured into Goods or Wares in Great j from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, shall t the same are hereby repealed; save and except in all cases 1 to the allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively r at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respect-h shall have been incurred at any time before or on the fcof this A a.

be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the i of Excise hereby repealed, there shall be allowed and ttbefo&owing Drawbacks; (that is to say),

Kall 'Hides and Kips, and Calf Skins, Sheep and Lamb Skins,

1 nl Skins, Hog Skins and Dog Skins, tanned or tawed in Frritan^'and duly marked; and also for all such Hides and B Aall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties .imposed in I thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported I Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize: r every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Leather tanned in Great ' \, and chargeable by Law to pay a Duty by Weight, for which 'in imposed in reipedt thereof shall have been paid, and duly ! from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Two halfpenny s

rail Hides and Calf Skins, Sheep an.d Lamb Skins, Hog and 'kins, tanned in Great Britain, and afterwards curried and duly I, and also for all such Hides and Skins so curried, as shall be t Pieces, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain >reign Parts as Merchandize, Four pence: r every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Goat Skins tanned with lach, m Great Britain, and for every Pound Weight Avoir-ife of Sheep Skins, tanned in Great Britain, for Roans, being the Nature of Spanish Leather, and exported as Merchandize 'otogn Parts, Eight pence :

orewry Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Boots and Shoes made rftit Britain of tanned Leather, and exported from Great un as Merchandize to Parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland, ence:

56 Geo. III. O o For

Drawbacks now payable on dressed Hides and Leather repealed,

except Arrears.

In lieu thereof the following

Drawbacks to be paid.

C. 127.

56° GEO. III.

AJX1S16.

ation of Small Coals.

Cods not ad* muted to Entry, unless Certificate produced of Qvntity, and that they have patted through a Riddle or Screen of certain Di-

Mine Owners to provide Riddles or Screens, to he stamped as Commiffieners shall dited.

Riddles to be damped.

Cools of a larger Sise, on Exportation, charged with Duty as hereto* fore.

Shipping Coals of a larger Di-mention, &c. at reducsd.Duty.

in snr Part thereof be more than Three eighth Parts of an Inch asunder, shall, under the Conditions and Regulations hereinafter xftrtf-tioned, cease and determine; and that from and after the said Fifth Da7 of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in Hen and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be nused, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the Exportation from Great Britain to Foreign Parts of any Conk which fltall have been Screened through a Riddle or Screen the Bars of which, not being in any Part thereof more than Three eighth Parts of an Inch asunder, and damped in the manner hereinafter di-reded, such and the Hke Duties and no other, as are or may be charged and payable on Culm exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts*

II. Pro rided always, and be it further enacted, That no Cdak whatever shall be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty dot and payable on Culm under the frovisions of this Act, unless a Certificate under the Hand of an Owner or Proprietor of the Mine or Pit from which such Coals shall ham been raised, or of the principal and known Agent of Cuch Owner or Proprietor, dull be delivered to the Collector of the Customa at the Port of Exportation, which Certificate shall specify the real Quantity of Coals so to bead* mitted to Entry, and that all such Coals hare actually passed through a Riddle or Screen of the Dimensions hereinbefore described, and which Riddle or Screen damped as by this Act dfreded; and inch Certificate shall also contain the Name and Residence of the Owner or Proprietor of such Coals, with the Description of the Situation of the Mine or Pit from which such Coals were raised.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Owner, or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Coal Pit or Mine from which it may be intended to ship for Exportation atry Coals of the Sort and Dimensions hereinbefore described, shall at his or their Expence pro* vide or cause to be provided such a Number of Riddles or Screens of the Dimensions hereinbefore described as shall be necessary and sufficient for the Purpose of ascertaining that the Coais intended to be shipped are of the Dimensions required by this Act in order to entitle them to be exported to Foreign Parts on Payment of the Duty as Culm: Provided always, that all such Riddles or Screens shall be damped in such manner as the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them, shall from time to time direct; such Stamps to be provided and affixed at the Expence of the Owners or Proprietors of the Mines or Bits from which such Coals* shall be intended to be shipped: Provided always, that all Coals being of a larger Size or Dimen-fiaBS than is hereinbefore mentioned and described, shall on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain be charged with the Dhty on Coals so exported, in such and the likrmfcUner ia every* respect as if this Act had not been made*

IV. Provided always, and- be* it: further enacted, That if any Coals shall be entered or (Kipped for Exportation to Foreign Rwts on which the Duty payable oa Culm shall have been paid under the Provisions of this Act, which shall be of: larger Dimensions than is allowed by this A>& to be so entered, or which (ludl not have paftd through*damped Riddle or Screen of the Description by this Act directed to bw uf*d, the Owner o* Proprietor o^uj vUtfCatbi

U8I6.

56'GEO. III.

C.110.

563

vtkfpecial Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictiont and RSm respectively, to which the uke Goods, Wares, Meritor Commodities respectively were subject and liable, except le&id, bjr any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately krthe pacing of this Act relating to the Duties of Excise; and id every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in hof any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before riling of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or it Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses* maod Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised patio Execution, for and in respect of the several Drawbacks of is of Excise hereby allowed and granted, in as full and ample a ir, to til Intents and Purposes whatever, except as aforejsaid, act and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Dint, Flacs, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly led and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

IY. And Whereas by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the9Ann. c.n. ig» d Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for laying $ ta* imJhtus upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or dressed, and a Fdn and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty two Tears, for jjfaritg the War and other Her Majesty's most netessary Oceafons, which Act was afterwards made perpetual, it is enacted, that aty Turner or other Person or Persons shall, from and after the 1 Treaty fourth Day of June One thousand {even hundred and to, (have sr cause to be (haved any Hide or Calf Skin whatever before die same be thoroughly tanned, whereby such Hide or kin U be impaired, and Her Majesty'a Duty thereby diminished, fry such Hade or Skin, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, ne Moiety to the Queen, and the other Moiety to him or them it will inform or sue for the same: And Whereas it is expedient repeal the said recited Provision of the said Act \* Be it therefore it'd, That from and after the passing of this Act, the same shall Provision in re-wd is hereby repealed, fare and except as to the Recovery of any cited Act pro-e, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred !)'blt!n8 sr Respect relating thereto before or upon that Day; and that , e H i and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for Tanner* may filtered Tanner or Tanners to take out of the Wooze and (have take out of the Hide or Skin, or to cut and separate therefrom the thin Parts Wooaeand >of: Provided always, that every such Tanner or Tanners shall Six Days* previous Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise given^o^he v whole Survey he, (he or they shall then be, of his Intention or proper officer. re so to do, fperifying in such Notice the Day and Hour when be or they will take any such Hides or Skins out of the Wooze, the Number of such Hides or Skins respectively to be taken out, whether the same are to be so taken out for the Purpose of being ed, or for the thin Parts to be cut off and separated as aforesaid; imy Tanner or Tanners shall take any Hides or Skins, or Parts Tanner* remov. Ran of Hides or Skins out of the Wooze For either of the Pur- or concealing «ifordaid respectively, or far any other Purpose, except by v, ewr

ting the fane into other Wooze in the same entered Premises, or " ° cer*

1 reaovt or conceal any Hide or Skin, or any Piece or Part eof, not being the (having thereof, from the Sight or View of O o 2 the

564

56" GEO. III.

Penalty. Curriers using Sutnack in cur. rying Hides, &c. except for colouring Leather, Penalty.

Hides taken out of Wooze to be hungup separate from others till Account taken.

Penalty.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Duty of 6d. per Gallon on Spirit# granted by

SS G. 3. c. 139-

§ ft. repealed*

C. 110, 111.

A.D. 1

the Officer, so that the Duties payable thereon shall not b charged, accounted for and paid, the Tanner or Tanners rrfpt so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and Ii Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further eroded, That it shall not be lawful £ Currier or Curriers, or other Person or Persons not being ant Tanner, to use Sumack in or about the currying of any Hide a or in the Preparation or Dressing of any Leather, except oolri Purpose of colouring such Leather, upon pain of forfeiting k and every such Offeoce the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further eroded, That all and eveiy Tuner, 1 or Dresser of Hides or Skins, or Pieces or Parts of Hides or I shall hang up such Hides or Skins, or Parts or Pieces of Hill Skins, which he, (he or they shall take out of the Wooze (a Purpose, separate and apart from all Hides or Skins, and Pis Parts of Hides or Skins, hung up to dry, or taken out of the! for that Purpose, on any former Day, and shall keep and cootirt same, and every of them, so separate and apart, until the Sad Officer shall have taken an Account thereof; and if any fncbla Tawer or Dresser shall refuse or neglect so to -do, he, Aetft shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit andlofetheSaa«f( hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Mbs Forfeitures impeded by this Act shall be foed for, rw4 fat or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods aayfeft nalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levidotdM by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Hn* or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record minster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland rripefodrit that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfetbflh His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Maty to I or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. CXI. |

An AtI to repeal Part of the Duty on Spirits diftilfed in Ink to reduce the Drawback on such Spirits exported to Tote Parts, and to make further Regulations for the CoJJedij the said Duties, and the Duties on Licences for rd Spirituous and other Liquors in Ireland. [ift Julj \

1 II7 HERE AS it is expedient that Part of the Duty of < W on Spirits made from Corn or Grain in Inland U»

' repealed, and that the Drawbacks on such Spirits exported ' Ireland to any Place except Great Britain should be mb Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent lbjd\ and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual ai 1 poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament nffeoM the Authority of the same, That the Excise Doty d $"? granted and made payable upon every Gallon of Aqua Vrtx, St Waters or Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Contort malted or unmalted, under and by virtue of an Act passed in da Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant an aMtiml of Excise in Ireland upon Spirits made or distilled from Cm er (H hall cease and determine, and shall be and the lame is to

repel

56° GEO. III.

C.128.

621

A.D. 1.816.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to tppoint said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for addJ^nal Lom" the time being, and the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, eri* Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, or any Three or

more of them, at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect and appoint any other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution; and every Person or Persons who shall be so elected and appointed, is and are hereby veiled with the same Powers and Authorities as if he or they had been named in this present Act, and had been hereby appointed a Commissioner or Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Qualification of who shall be so elected and appointed, shall be capable of acting as a Commissionen. Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his

own Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Two thousand Pounds.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person C^ratniffionen hereafter to be elected a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, Wlt, ^u5 pot being so qualified, shall presume to ad in the Execution of this or ^on*Ad, or being so qualified shall, during such time as he shall hold any cerned in any Place or Office of Profit, or be any way interested or concerned in Contnft under any Contract to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Work or Act.

Business to be done under the same, presume to act as a Commissioner

in the Execution of this Act, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with full Cods Penalty, of Suit, to any Person who shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Adiou of Debt or on the case or otherwise; and the Person so (ued shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or that he did not hold any fuen Place or Office of Profit, or was not interested or concerned m any such Contract, Work or Business as aforesaid (as the case may happen), or otherwise, shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff, than that such Person had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or whilst holding any such Place or Office, or being interested or concerned in any such Contract, Work or Business as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Meeting of meet at such time and Place as any Three or more of them shall Commissionen. appoint, by Notice to be signed by them, and affixed on the Church

Doors of the Parishes of Saint James in the Liberty of Westminster,

Saint Mary U bone. Saint Martin in the Fields and Saint George Hanover Square, ' at least Eight Days before such Meeting, in order to put this Act in Execution; and shall and may then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn themselves to any Place within or near the Limits of this Act; and if at any time there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act to ad in the Execution of the same, any One of the said Commissioners present may adjourn the Meeting to another Day; and in case of any Neglect or Adjournment. Qraiffion to adjourn, any Three of the said Commissioners or their Clerk, /ball and may call a Meeting at the Place where the last Meet*

ing

cite.

w gko. nr.

m

A.D. 1B1&

Humber of

Comraiffiooei*

pctfeoc.

£pe*l Meeting* msy be hold.

Restriction ai to revoking Orders.

Proeeedings of Commissioner* to be entered.

Evidence.

Officers to be appointed, and 10 give Security,

ing of the fffiid Commifilofttrs wU# appointed to be held dr waft held by Notice or Summon# to be delivered at the usual Place of Abode of nil such Commiftoners, kt lead Three Days before such Meeting and that at all Meeting# to be held in pursuance of this Act, the said CotAiAiflfonet# (huff defray their own Expences (except for the Use of the Room Or Apartment where such Meetings shall be held, which ihdU be paid out of the Rate# or Afletfments hereinafter directed to be made and levied) $ and no Act of the said Commissioners shall be valid, utdef# inade or done at fonte Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act (except the calling of Meetings as aforesaid); and that all the Power# and Authorities by this Act granted to or vetted in the Comtnissioners appointed or to be appointed by or by virtue hereof, shall and may from time to time be exercised by the major Pan of them preftnt at their respective Meetings to be holden as afbreikid, the Number of Commimoners present at fndi Meeting not being lef# thin Three, for the Pofpofe of borrowing Money, granting Annuities, et making Contracts, and not being leu than Two in any other case, unlefi where herein Otherwise particularly provided and in all dales Where the Number of Vote* upon any Question shall be equal, (including the Chairman's Vote, ) the Chairman shall have the eastidg Vote; and Ut every Meeting to be held under or in purfoadee of this Act, the first Business shall be the Election of a Chairman to orefide at the same: Provided nevertheless, that it shall he lawful for the Coriffoiffione*8 appointed and to be appointed by or by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby atttho-rixed to hold any Special Meeting between their tfWri last Meeting and the Day to which any subsequent Meeting shall have been a<£ joufned, so that such Meeting shall be ttqiffced by Two or More of the said Commissiofters, Und Notice thereof given a4 last afbrefkrd, at let ft Three Days before the time to be appointed for the fonte, and so as that such Notice lhaH Be ftgned by the Cleric or the said Com&ai* (toners, and specify the Cause or Causes Of ftfdh Specbd Meeting.

VlL And be it further eriacted, That no Order iriade by the fold CotumiAoners, appointed of to he appointed by virtue of tins Act, shall be revoked or altered, utilefs at some Special Meeting to be required as aforetitid, of Which T'hreV Days' Notice shall be given as last aforesaid, expfeffing the Occatton or such Meeting; and aHo, unlsfs a greater Number Of CommissiorieYs shall attend such Meeting, to revoke or alter the same, than Were prefect When such Onfcr Was made.

VIII. And be ft forth* eftacted, That Entries (half be made in a Boole or Books to bo provided for that Pirfpofc of all the Aftf, Orders and Proceedings of the fcrid Commissioner#, and of the Names of the Commissionm Who shaft be prefect at the refoe&ivfe Meet-lags; and One or more of the said Cotamftfioners Who (hull be pre-fiwt, shall subserfbe hk or their Nome dr Names at the End of the Proceedings of the rCfyeftive Meeting#; and all such Entries being so ftgned shall be deemed Original#, and shall be allowed to be read»Evidence in all cases. Suit# Und Actions totfcfcfog any thing done in pursuance of this Act $ and that such Book shall at act fea-sonable times be open to the' Inspection of ail Persons rated Of* affeflW for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. And be ft further eoacted, That the said CommiftfoUM (Rail from time to tone, by Writing under theft Hands, appetot a 'frtir-

ftxrer.

66° GEO. III.

C.128,

«S

surer, Clerk and Surveyor, and also a Collector of the Rates or Af-{effmenti to be made as hereinafter mentioned, and such other Officers and Persons as they shall think necessary, and may remove any such Officers or other Personi as they shall think proper, and appoint others in their Stead, and pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to all such Officers or Persons as they the said Commissioners shall I think reasonable; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to take Security from every such Treasurer or Collector as they shall thick proper.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer and [ Collect or shall, under their respective Hands (at such time or times,

and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing of all such matters'and things as may be committed to their Charge, and of all Monies which shall have been by them received, by virtue and for the Pur-r poses of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and dif-! bur fed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and all such Collectors shall pay all such Money as (kail remain in their respective Hands; and if any such Collector

' as aforesaid ftiaU at any time or times hold or keep m his own Hands

( for the Space of Three Days together, any larger Sum of Money

t to be received by him under this Act, than the Sum of Fifty Pounds,

r be shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Coramif-

l (toners any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, within the

r Space of Ten Days next after he shall be called upon by them or

f their Treasurer to pay such Penalty; and every such Collector shall,

r when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, assembled at any

such Meeting as aforesaid, produce a Book containing an Account t of the Rates and Afleffinents laid by virtue of this Act, which shall be in arrear and unpaid^ and the Names of the Persons by whom the same ought to be paid, with the Sums by them respectively owing, and the time when the same became due $ and every such Treasurer and Collector so accounting shall upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer, ) verify such their respedsve Accounts; and if any such Treasurer or Collector shall refufh or wilfully neglect to make and render, or shall refufe- to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Voucher* relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid; or in cafo the Clerk of the said Commissioners^ or any such Treasurer or C&llfedor, shall not deliver to the said Commissionerr, or to such Ptrfon as they shall'appoint, within Fourteen Days next after being thereunto required by* Notice in Writing, ligned by the said Commissioners, or* any Two or more of them, and given to or left at the Ibffior usual Place of Abode of such Treasurer, Clerk or Collector; ill Books, Papers and Writings in their respective Custody or Power; relating to the Execution of this Act, or Duplicates thereof resped-i*elyt or give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners respecting the same, and Complaint shall be made thereof on the behalf of the said Commissioners, to any Juftfoe of the Peace for the County of Mid* dttfem- or City of Wefminster % such Justice is hereby anthorized and requitedi by Warrant under his Ham) and Seal, to cause*such Trea-ftuerj Cfcrk or Cofle&or tpbt brought before him; and upon his

appearing

Trcafursrand

Collector to account.

Unduly keninc Money in Hand.

Penalty.

Reftifing to account.

Clerk of Commissioners, Treasurer and Collector to do-Krer to Commissiooers or their Appointee on Notice of Fourteen Days. Books, Ac. relating to Ad or Duplicates.

568

Where an Office for granting Permits is not established, Commissioners shall order Spirits to be warehoused.

In what case only Permit to be granted for Removal of such Spirits.

Spirits distilled from Stills of or under too Gallons to remain in Warehouse for ny Period without Payment of 10 per Cent, of Duty.

In what Quantities Spirits may be taken out for Home Con* fumption.

Spirits from Stills exceeding loo Gallons may remain in Ware-^ouse beyond

C.111. 56° GEO. III. A.D

respect of the Use of Turf thereiny and as* if every such S been worked with Coal during such Period.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may b< for the Cotnmissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Irebx time to time to order and direct that all Spirits distilled Distillery of any Distiller in Ireland, in such Cities, Td Places, wherein an Office for granting Permits shall established, and as shall be mentioned and specified in an to be made by the said Commissioners for that Porpose, deposited in His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores, and that a distilled in such Distillery shall be sent out of such Distillery Place whatever except to His Majesty's Warehouse or $t<X that no such Spirits shall be sold, disposed of or delivered Distiller to any Person or Persons, until the same shall h housed in such Warehouse or Stores, under the Regulations! by Law, or such other Rules and Regulations ai the said missioners shall from time to time make for that Purpose; a from and after the time when such Order or Direction of fud missioners shall be so made, it shall not be lawful for such I to fend any Spirits out of his Distillery or Stores contrary t Order, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Spirits, and of the or Vessels in which the same shall be contained, and the fa and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Exalt; udi not be lawful for any Officer to grant any Permit fr the moval of such Spirits from the Distillery or Stores of MM except to such Warehouse, anything in any Ad contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And Whereas it is expedient, for the further Eacoa

ment of Distillers licensed to keep Stills of or under Ooehn

Gallons Content, that Spirits distilled in any such Still jbe

allowed to remain in His Majesty's Warehouses or Stom

longer Period than Four Calendar Months, without Fame

any Sum of Money after the Rate of Ten Pounds ferct 1 on the Amount of the Duties on such Spirits; ' Be it tk enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any which shall have been or shall be made or distilled in say S or under One hundred Gallons Content, and which shall bavf or shall be warehoused pursuant to Law in any of His Ma Warehouses or Stores in Ireland, shall and may, remain in any Warehouses or Stores for any Period without Payment of any Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum aforesaid, for respect of such Spirits upon the taking of the same out for I Consumption; and that it shall not be lawful for the Commiilioar of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, to order any such Spirits ft be sold at the Expiration of such Period of Four Months; jri&r it shall and may be lawful for the Distiller or other Proprietor any such Spirits to take such Spirits out of Warehouse forHoro Consumption, in any Quantity not less than One hundred any thing in any Act or Acts in force to the contrary wt^ith-standing.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pair{ of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioam«Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland\ or any Three of them, tri they are hereby respectively authorized, upon Application made to

to

AJD. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.128.

625

Part of such Limits, or make the same otherwise than as shall be directed by the said Commissioners, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence, and such Person Penalty, so offending shall also pay all the Expences of restoring such Ground or Pavement to its former State.

'XII. And Whereas several Persons have already paved, or may ' hereafter at their own Expence pave certain Squares, Passages and ' Places, within the Limits of this Act, for which it is reasonable ' some Allowance should be made ; Be it therefore further enacted,

That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby Commissioner* authorized and empowered, from and out of the Monies to arise under to make and by virtue of this Act, to make and pay to such Persons, as to pncCrfo, J°af^av the said Commissioners shall appear to be entitled thereto, such Pay- ^vc ptved at ments or Allowances for or in respect of such Pavement made and their own Ex-done, or which shall hereafter be made and done by them as aforesaid, pence, as to the said Commiffipners shall appear fair and reasonable.

1 XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase the m»y purchase 1 Pavements and Footways, or the Materials of which the old Streets

: may have been paved or made, in all or any of the Streets, Squares, him

E Ways, Courts, Passages or other Places under the Jurisdiction of any Ground for Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees before the passing getting Mate-of this Act, which shall be taken, blocked up, widened or altered rials, and for under the Provisions of this A A; or such Parts thereof as shall be WaKh

within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under this House^* Act, and all Iron Rails, Gates, Lamp Pods and other Materials belonging to any such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, within such Limits, and also to make Compensation to hny such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, for any Loss or Damage which they or their respective Parishes may sustain by reason of any of the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways,

Courts, Passages or Places, being put or placed under the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution; and also to purchase, take or hire any Piece or Pieces of Ground, for the Purposes of digging Gravel for the better paving such Streets, Squares, Circusses,

Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places as aforesaid, and for the Purposes of depoiiting Materials thereon, for or on account of such Paving, or for the Purpose of erecting a Watch House or Watch Houles thereon, or to rent any Building to be made use of aa or for any other of the Purposes of this Act, as shall appear to them to be necessary, for such Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, and for such time, as to them shall appear reasonable, which Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, shall be respectively paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act; and also to erect any Watch House or Watch Houses, and any Number of Watch Boxes, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Place or Places as they may think proper, and likewise to buy or hire such , Horses, Carts, Teams or Carriages, as may be necessary for the Purpose of carting such Gravel, or for cleansing or watering such Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts, Passages and Placet as aforesaid, or for any other Purpose directed by this Act; and also to hire such Persons, buy such Materials and make such Regulations for the better Execution of any such Purposes, as they the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall in their Discretion think proper.

56 Geo. III. S XIV. And

628

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Damages to be aflefledy in case ofDilagres. menta, by a Jury.

Sheriff, && empowered to administer Oaths.

Witnesses examined on Oath.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissionen of Pavement, Vestrymen, Trustees, Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Femes Covert, or any other Person or Persons interested in any Pavement, Rails, Oates, Lamp Polls or other Materials, or in any Ground or Hereditaments which the said Commissioners for executing this Act are hereby empowered to purchase, take and use for the Purposes of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or Disability shall be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or their Agents, for the Sale and Disposal thereof; or if such Proprietor or Propria tors, or other Person or Persons interested, cannot be found or knows, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises so to be purchased, or to the Interect, he, (he or they shall respectiaeij claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or if the Persons entitled to be compensated for any such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, shall not agree with the Commissioners for executing dm Act in regard thereto, then and in every or any such case, the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, or his Under Sheriff, or the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster, or his Deputy, as the case may be; or in case such Sheriff or Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or his Deputy, shall be anyways interested in the Matter is question, then some of the Coroners of the said County, not inte-refled therein, shall, upon the Warrant of the said Commissionen for executing this Act, to be issued in the manner hereinafter mentioned, and he and they is and are hereby required and authorized to cause it to be inquired into and afeertamed, upon the Oaths of s Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of MUMLjex, or City and Liberty of Westminster> (which Oaths the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or Deputy, or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer, ) what Recompence and Satif-faftion ought to be made to such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, 'Trustees, Owners, Occupiers or other Person or Persons interested therein, for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, or for the Value of such Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp foils or other Materials, Piece or Pieces of Ground or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the refoeftive Estates and Interests of every Person or Persons seised or podefied thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess and award tk Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Commissioners of Basement, Vestrymen, Trustees or other Person or Persons respectmfy for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, for the Purchase of then respective Rights, Estates and Interests therein; and in order thereto, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required from time to time, as occasion shall require, to futhmon and call before the £wl Jury and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to administer); and such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner respectively, shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Materials or Places is question, if there be occasion, and use all other lawful ways sad 5* mess*,

56° GEO. III.

C.lll.

871

ifUi DiftOkty to ftnp down and fatten the Head of every H; and to proceed in all other respectt as if Notice of the huace of the working of such Still had been given by the Kin manner required by Law in all cases of discontinuing the 1^ of any Still $ and if at any time after the End of the said Stills found at tuf Four Weeks, and before the said Twenty ninth Day of Work lfter dbr, any Inch Still or Stills shall be found at work in the Dif- of YS*a of such Distiller, such Distiller shall be charged and chargeable chided with the k Doty payable in respect of the said Still for a full Period of Duty,

Weeks next enfuiag the Day upon which the working of such lit to bare been discontinued as aforesaid, and the Officer in [ loch Distillery shall make such Weekly Return or Returns 'i Fart of the said Period of Four Weeks as shall elapse previous to the Twenty ninth Day of such Month of as is required by Law in cases where any Still shall be: as working; and such Officer shall also, within Ten Days 1 the Twenty ninth Day of such Month of September, make i to the Collector of the District of a Charge upon such r of all such Quantities of Spirits, and the Duties thereon, as, AeQanttties comprised in any such previous weekly Return or to, fluR amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Ifcr shall be chargeable with Duty in respedfc of such Still, for Iftriod of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days; and such Dif-ffiftH pay the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge to become doe and payable within Six Days after such Return and ge shall bare been made, or shall for any Default forfeit Twenty Penalty, acts, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned charged, although it may happen that the Licence of such Dif* m may have expired on the said Twenty ninth Day of September,

'akboogh such Still shall not have been actually at work at any f after such Twenty ninth Day of September.

JFIIL And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Sd for the Comnsissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland\

Ee to time to make such Regulations as they shall think fit, to

and authorize the Amount of the Allowance or Deduction^

dr out of any Charge of Duty arising from the Decrease of a7 Expirationof

ETtfh or Pot Ale, for or in respect of any Quantity of Low Four Weeks.

or Singlings which may remain on Hand in the Distillery of DiftiDer at the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks, or mty eight Days, during which any Still of such Distiller shall he geable as working in proportion to the Content of any such Still e&ively $ and that it shall not be lawful for ahy Officer to make Allowance or Dedoction whatever from any such Charge of tj on any Distiller for or in respect of any Quantity of Low Wines ting lings which may remain on Hand at the Expiration of any od of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which the I of any Distiller shall be chargeable as working, nor shall any oiler be entitled at any time to any such Allowance or Deductioft a any such Charge of Duty, other than such Allowance and do&on as shall be so ascertained and authorized by the said mmffioncra, from time to time, in proportion to the Contents of Still as aforesaid, except as ia hereinafter provided with respect : be weekly Charges on inch Distiller.

XIX. And

Allowances in respect of Decrease of Wafti and of Low Wines in Hand

628

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

Sheriff, Jury snd Witnesses for Neglect of Duty.

Penalty.

Ex pence* of Juries how paid when Verdict for more Money than offered by Commissioners.

How paid when Verdia for left;

where the summoning a Jury has arilen from i Refusal to treat with Commissiooers.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, so directed to summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, shall make default in the Premises, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury, shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or to give his Verdict, or shall in any other manner wiL fully neglect his Duty, contranr to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if any Person (o summoned as a Witness shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be examined or to give Evidence, any Person so offending, having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the Justices hereinafter mentioned, shall for every fod Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, whicc several and respective Penalties shall and may be levied by virtie of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of Ha Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex or City of Westminster, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons so offending, rendering to him or her the Overplus* after such Penalties and the Charges of such Distress and Sale fhaC be deduced.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury to be fon-moned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act shall give b a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence, Corn-pen fation or Satisfaction, for the Right, Interest or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Pavements, Rails, Gates, Damp Pols and other Materials, Ground and Hereditaments, or for such Loft or Damage as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to be given and offered for the same by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, before the summoning and returning of such Jury, then and u every such case, all the reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences of causing and procuring such Recompence, Compensation or Satisfaction, to be assessed by a Jury, shall be settled by the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, before whom such Claim shall have been tried, and shall be paid by the said Commissioners oc: of the Monies which shall arise«by virtue of this A A; but if any Jury so summoned and sworn as aforesaid shall give in a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money, as such Recompence, Coe-penfation and Satisfaction as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Commissioners for the same, before the uunsre ing and returning of the said Jury; or where the causing and procuring such Jury to be summoned shall have arisen from a RefuM to treat or agree with the said Commissioners for executing this Act, by such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, Trustees, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Person or PaWs whomsoever, who is or are, by the Provisions of this ABl or otherwise, legally empowered to treat, then all such Costs, Charges and Expences (to be settled by such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner in manner aforesaid) shall be paid to the Commissionen for executing this Act, by the said Commissioners of Pavement, Ve&ry-men, Trustees, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so claiming such Compensation, or refilling to treat and agree, as before mentioned respectively, save only and except where, by reason of Absence or other like Cause, any Periba shall have been prevented- from treating nr agreeing as aforesaid, is

whkh

57 %

IS 16.

56° GEO. III.

C.111.

or Duty for or in respect of any such Deficiency by any

And be it further enacted, That, from and after the r of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, I may be lawful for any Person who shall be duly licensed an Hotel within the City of Dublin, or within One Mile of City, to have and obtain at his Desire, a Licence to fell by Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or BrlethegHn or Mead, within such Hotel, and to be used and ed therein only, upon Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds bo more; subject nevertheless to the several Rules and Re-ton with respect to the obtaining such Licence, as are contained fcteded in and by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, M An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for b of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences tfornj dealing in Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the I Duties payable upon such Licences, and to secure the Payment )k Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences, n dsfcoxrage the immoderate Use of Spirituous L, iquors in Ireland,

mj other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the amending aadlaft recited Act, or for regulating the granting of such Li-0: JWrided always, that no Keeper of such Hotel, who shall tficeofied on the Payment of Seven Pounds only, shall fell or sr any such Liquors to any Person for Sale, in any other manner to be n£ed and consumed within such Hotel by the Lodgers or iftes of such Hotel, and shall not be entitled to vend or fell, shall vend, fell or send out any such Spirituous or other Liquors ary Person not being a Lodger or an Inmate of such Hotel, upon n that every Person so licensed and so vending, fending out and hg fads Spirituous or other Liquors contrary to this Act, shall teemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and shall foble to all Penalties and Forfeitures to which any Person or Coos are subject under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for sling Spirituous or other Liquors without Licence.

IXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the fog of this Act it shall and may be lawful for every Person to r and obtain at his Desire, a Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors, je, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, detail, within the Town of Ballinafloe, and within One Mile of Market House or Market Place therein, on Payment of the Sum Eleven Pounds only, and no more, any thing in the said lad: reel Ad of the last Session of Parliament, or in the Schedule there-

0 annexed, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for nding the said Act, or for regulating the granting of such Lire*, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding, subject never-efs to the several Rules and Regulations with respect to the fining such Licence, as are contained and directed in and by the {recited Acts or any of them.

1 XXV. And Whereas by the said Act made in the last Session Parliament, intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise ii Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail,

W upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences, and o secure the Payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing

Hotel Keepers in Dublin may take out a Licence to retail Spirits, Wine, Beer, &c. paying

7h

550.3.0.19.

Sale of Liquors limited to the Inmates of the Hotel

Penalty.

Licences may be taken out for Sale of Liquors in Ballinafloe, on Payment of ill

55 G. 3- c-9* §47*

57*

C. 111.

56° GEO. III.

Meining of the Words u Market Town r explained.

J uftices may summon before them Periods charged with felling Liquors without Licence.

Convictioa.

Penalty.

Penalty not paid,

fmprisonment.

Former Acts relating to the Collection of Duties on Spirits extended to Ad.

A-TX

of such Licences, and to £f courage the immoderate UJe of 5j

jLiquors in Ireland; it is among other things enacted, tk 1 be lawful for any Person in any Place in Ireland, wfa 1 Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous and other Liquon

ven Pounds only, (such Place not being situate within any

Town, or within One Mile thereof, ) to obtain such Lie 1 Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds; And Whereas 1 may arise as to the Meaning and Extent of the Words

Town9 Be it declared and enacted, That the said Pm the said recited Act shall extend to such Towns only hi Weekly Market is actually holden throughout the Year ; i in Places situate within any Town where a Weekly Marks so ad ually holden, such Licence may be granted on Payma said Sum of Seven Pounds in the said Act mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it (kail sod say ful for any Justice of the Peace in Irelsmd» within hit Jurifdk summon any Person charged with having fold my Spina quors, Wine, Beer, Ale, Cyder or Perry, MetW Retail without Licence, and to require, by the Si issued, the Person summoned to bring with him or her, aad| duce a Licence in force to such Person for felling fad S and other Liquors by Retail $ and in case such Pertosfofi shall not appear, upon Proof on Oath made of tkeSensrs Summons, or if such Person shall appear and fbalsstjsid proper Licence authorizing him or her to fell by BfliUl uous and other Liquors, then such Justice shall en such Witness or Wit Defies as shall appear before bn, such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered todaiafej if Proof shall be made before such Justice, or if it Dull appeal Confefiion of the Party that such Person did fell Spintaosilj or any of such Liquors aforesaid, at any time witha T«tN previous to the issuing of such Summons, then such Jdir convict the Person charged with having fold such Spirituous Liquors of such Offence, and such Person shall he liable nil to a Fine or Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, and set 4 Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice, (exdsfi«^ other Penalty or Forfeiture to which such Person may by I liable to, or iubjed for such Offence, ) and such Justice U« such Person so convicted to forfeit such Sum according^ Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Md the Churchwardens or the Parish where such Offence (kill M committed, for the Use of the Poor therein; and in case ftfj nalty or Sum which such Person shall be so adjudged to b feited shall not be paid by the Offender immediately upon fsc viction, such Offender shall be committed to Gaol by such J for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and*than One Calendar Month, at the Discretion of such Jufbfc

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every tkC* Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and ft Recovery, prescribed, mentioned and contained in aayAdtfJ of Parliament in force in Ireland for the regulating or fecaring I Colledkm of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Irani fluH k plied and put m practice in the Execution of this Act, ai fully as( effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoewr, u if

Clauiei

AJX1816,

C.128.

831

56° GEO. 111.

io or upon Stone, Wood or otherwise, and to be fixed in a conspicuous Pant or One or more House or Houles, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner or Entrance of such Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways and Courts, and other public Passages and Places, the Name by which each respective Street, Square, Cireus, Lane, Way, Court, Yard, Mews, Passage and Place, is to be properly called or known, in such manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguifti-ing the same; and if any Person mall wilfully break, throw down, take away, spoil or damage any Watch House or Watch Box, Lamps or any of the Irons, Polls or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully ex-tingudh the Light of any such Lamp, or deface or obliterate any such Name or Number, or any Part thereof, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Commissionera acting under and by virtue of this Alt, to be by them applied for the Purposes thereof; and such Offender shall also pay to the said Com mi (Boner 8, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, such Sum of Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damage so done; and in ca(e any Person shall caTelessly, negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise spoil or damage any of the said Lamps, or the Irons, Pods or other Furniture thereof, and shall not, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex y or the City of WestminRer, upon Proof thereof made by the Oath of any credible Witnesses, or on the Confeifion of the Party, to award such Sum of Money by way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice shall think reasonable, not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Lamp, Lamp Iron, or Lamp Pod, or in default of Payment thereof, upon Demand, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person who shall have done such Damage, rendering the Overplus (if anyl after deducting the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Didrefs and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels upon Demand.

XXL And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every House and Tenement now erected or to be erected within the Limits of this Act, shall once in every Day, before the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape, sweep and cleanse, or cause to be feraped, swept and cleansed, the Footway all along and opposite to the whole Front and Flank Wall, if any, of his, her or their respective Houses or Tenements, or in default thereof every such Occupier shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings; and if any such House or Budding be let furnished or in separate Apartments to Inmates, then and in every such case, the Person or Perilous so letting the same shall, for the Purpose aforesaid, be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause all or any tof the Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts, Passages and public Places within the Limits of this Act, to be watered when they or any of their Surveyors for the time being shall think proper, and for that Purpose to cause such Number of Wells and Pumps to be dug, funk and made in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, as

S s 4 they

Watch) Lamp*, frc.

Penalty.

Carelessly damaging Lamps kc,

Penalty.

Diftrcfa.

Persons to sweep the Pool-. way opposite their Houset once a Day.

Penalty.

Commissionen may Water Streeti.

Welb may J>c dug.

576

C.111, 112.

56° GEO. III.

UnKcensed Persont having Waih or Singlings, and being Owners, && of unlicensed Stills.!

ADll

TABLE referred to by this Act.

Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Q of Spirits produceable where from any Distiller in Ireka be chargeable with Duty, within a Period of Pour We Twenty eight Days, in respect of every Still of such I being of the several Contents following; that is to say',

Contents of the Still. 1 101

3, 000 Gallons and upwards m I B

3, 000 not less than 2»7f° I n

2, 750 2.500 to

2, 500 2*250 it

2, 250 2, 000 "1

2, 000 ni

1, 750 J.500 «f

i»5°° 1.250 V

1, 250 1)000

1, 000 7501 Y

750 5001

500 4»! Y

400 3*1 m

3°° " m\ Y

200 and exceeding Y

Not exceeding 100 and exceeding 651

Not exceeding 65 and not less than - 44 no

CAP. CXH.

An Act to make certain Provisions for modifying tkfera1; Acts for ixnpofing and levying of Fines, in respeflotdii ful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland. [ift Julj M

WHEREAS it is expedient to make certain Promioni I Vt regulating the imposing Fines in respect of illicit Dim«of Spirits in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by The m Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coufent oft Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Pi liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That M and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for a Person in Ireland, other than a Person duly Headed u a DiM or Brewer, to have or keep in his or her Custody or Possession a; Worts, Walh or Pot Ale (except for the Purpose of be % cd into Beer for the private life of such Person, Proof of shall lie on such Person), nor for any Person other than a kenied Distiller, to have or keep in his or her Custody or PoB&* Low Wines or Singlings whatever; and that it shall not be Mi for any Person to be Owner or Proprietor, or Part Owner or Pn> prietor, of any Still, other than such Person as shall be a licrcied Distiller or Partner of such licensed Distiller, or a Braxier tit licensed to make or repair Stills, or Person otherwise duly author it J by Law; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person to bnj

rtcti.i

A.D. 181G

56° GEO. III.

G12S,

ess

fiu«r, Clark and Surveyor, and also a Collector of the Ratec or Af-fieffments to be made as hereinafter mentioned, and such other Officers and Persons as they shall think necessary, and may remove any such Officers or other Persons as they shall think proper, and appoint others in their Stead, and pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to all such Officers or Persons as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to take Security from every such Treasurer or Collector as they shall think proper.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer and Tmfuwrand Collector shall, under their respective Hands (at such time or times, and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall dired] deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing of all such matters and things as may be committed to their Charge, and of all Monies which shall have been by them received, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and all such CoTledors shall pay all such Money as shall remain in their respective Hands; and if any such Collector Unduly keeping as aforesaid shall at any time or times hold or keep in his own Hands Money in Hand* for the Space of Three Days together, any larger Sum of Money to be received by him under this Act, than the Sum of Fifty Pounds, be shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Commif-ioners any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, within the Penalty.

Space of Ten Days next after he shall be called upon by them or their Treasurer to pay such Penalty; and every such Collector shall, when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, assembled at any such Meeting as aforesaid, produce a Book containing an Account of the Rates and Aflcffinents laid by virtue of this Act, which shall he in arrear and unpaid* and the Names of the Persons by whom the same ought to be paid, with the Sums by them respectively owing, and the time when the same became due; and every such Treasurer and Collector so accounting shall upon Oath* if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer, ) verify such their respective Accounts; and if any such Treasurer or Collector shall Reftifing to refuffe or wilfully neglect to make and render, or shall refofe to verify account upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid; or in oafs the Clerk of the said Commissioners* or any such Treasurer Clerk of Comer Collfc&or, shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such roissioners, Person as they shall'appoint, within Fourteen Days next after being thereunto required by Notice in Writing, signed by the said Com- Kver to Commit miffibners, or- any Two or more of them, and given to or left at the fionert or their lafbor usual Place of Abode of such Treasurer, Clerk or Collector, Appointee on all Books, Paper# and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, Notice ofFour" relating to the Execution of this Act, or Duplicates thereof resped- .

foely, or give Sfttisfadion to the said Commissioners respecting the to Act or same, and Complaint shall be made thereof on the behalf of the said Duplicates. Commissioners, to any Justice of the Peace for the County of Mid* dk/em ot City of Wefhninfler* such Justice is hereby authorized and requiredi by WSrrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Treasurerj Clerk* or CoQb&br tp bfr brought before him, and upon his

-appearing

C.128.

56" GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Montes remaining in the Hands ofCoUeftor,

Distrest.

Tretsurer, kc. refusing, fee. to ghre Accounts, 5rc

Imprisonment till Account rendered, kc.

Cotnmtffionera to pave and repair Streets, Sec.

Altering Pavement, dec. without Content.

appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witneia upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to admtnif-ter, ) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which (half have been collected and raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of any such Treasurer or Collector, such Justice is hereby authorized and required upon Non Payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to he levied by Diftrds and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person; and u no such Goods or Chattels can he found sufficient to answer and satisfy the Money and the Charges of distraining and felling the Distress, or it it shall in manner aforesaid appear to such Jusuce, that any such Treasurer, Clerk or Collector had refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books Papers or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Treasurer, Clerk or Collector, and he shall have refused or neglected to deliver up or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then such Justice shall commit hm to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprizei until such Person, being Treasurer or Col-lector, shall make and give a true and perfect Account and have paid such Money as aforesaid, or shall have compounded for such Money with the said Commissioners, and have paid such Composition in such manner as they shall appoint, which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive, and until such Person, being Treasurer, Clerk or Collector, shall deliver up all such Books, Papers and Writings, or Duplicates of the same as aforesaid; hut no Person who shall he committed on account of his not having sufficient Goods or Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Term than Six Calendar Months.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to cause the several Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts and other Public Passages and Places, or such Parts thereof as shall he made and set out within the Limits of their Jurisdiction, under the Provisions of this Act, both in the Carriage and Footwavs to be paved, and such Pavements to he from time to time amended and kept in good Repair, upon such Levels, and in such manner, and with Inch Sorts and kinds of Materials as they shall judge necessary and proper; and also to cause the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, to he cleansed, lighted, watched and watered, and the Sides thereof or other Places, which shall be made or set out, to be fenced or inclosed with Iron or other Rails, in such Parts and Places and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances and Annoyances therein, to be removed, and Drains, Sinks, Gutters or Watercourses, to be made, for conveying the Water from the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, in such manner as they shall think proper; and that no Person shall, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, alter the Form, or break up the Ground or Pavement of the Carnage or Footways within any

Pan

1X1*16. 56° GEO. III. C. 119.

W. And be it further enacted, That if on any Trial or Proceed-pjraoy Assizes, for the Purpose of or relative to the imposing jy Fine on any Townland, District, Division or Place, for or fffwunt of any unlicensed Stilly or any Part of a Stilly or any jpndage to a Still, or any Worm or any Utensil for drilling dn, or any Walk, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having I found or used respectively in any Place within such Town-\ Diiind, Division or Place, in case it shall be fctisfadorily it to appear to such Court by due Proof, that Information in Jug on Oath was given to the Justice of the Peace, or Officer bat or Custome respectively, residing neared the Place where iOSeoce shall have been committed, by an Inhabitant (not being Qfierrof Custorat or Excise) of such Townland, District, Divu l or Place, which Information the said Justice and Officer are authorized to take, of such unlicensed Still, or Part of a I, or Appendage to a Still, or Worm, or Utensil for diftiliing irita, or Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been odor used respectively in such Place within such Townland, Dif-Didfion or Place, in consequence of which Information such ftoraoyPart of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any fens or any Utensil for diddling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, w Fines or Singlings, shall have been seized, and such Trial or wwdiags shall have been indituted; or if it shall also in like raer be aide to appear to such Court, that the Offender was tried 1 coovided of such Offence on the Information and Evidence of sh Inhabitant, or of some other such Inhabitant of such Town-id, District, Division or Place, then and in such case it shall not t hwfal for such Court at the said Assizes to impose any Fine fatmr os such Townland, Didrid, Division or Place, for or J account of such Offence respecting which such Information shall«bees given, and such other Proceedings and Conviction had as tt&id, any thing in this Act or in any other Act or Acts to the flbvy thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That it mall not be lawful for the at ay Affioea to proceed to try or determine any Information ranj Offence, on account whereof any Townland, Didrid, Divi-

2) Place or House shall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under f Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the Suppression of illicit filiation, on the Commission Day or Fird Day of such Assizes; f thing in any such Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstand-Provided always, that every such Court shall and they are shy required to try and determine all such Informations, and lanes and Traverses, matters and things relating to or con-sag fttch Informations, at some time during the Continuance of hAfizes.

PL And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of irons or Excise shall find or discover any unlicensed Still, or any it of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or any foil for dialling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or $ngs, for or in relped whereof the Person whor shall use or have i foe would he fi»b}c& to any Penalty or Punishment, or the Town-Distrid, Division or Place within witich the same shall be found u&d would) be- fobjpd tp- any Fine or Penalty, every such Office^ i and he in hereby* respectively required, within Six Daya after P p 2 such

m

No Fine shall bo impof'd on any Townland, where Information of Offence is given by Inhabitant, and Still, Arc. faised and Offender eouvicted thereon.

Informations for Still Fines not to be tried on cho First Day of.Assize.

Officer feiaing any illegal Still, Arc. to give Notice to Collector of Excise in Distri#, who shall proceed in manner herein dirofted.

«62S

Damages to be assessed, in case of DHa&ree-menu, by a Jury.

Sheriff, && empowered to ad-imnifter Oaths.

Witnesses examined on Oath.

C. 128. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 1816.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Commiflkraers of Pavement, Vestrymen, Trustees, Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Femes Covert, or any other Person or Persons interested in any Pavement, Rails, Oates, Lamp Polls or other Materials, or in any Ground or Hereditaments which the said Commissioners for executing this Act are hereby empowered to purchase, take and use for the Purposes of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or Disability shall be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or their Agents, for the Sale and Disposal thereof; or if such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested, cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises so to be purchased, or to the Interect, he, (he or they shall respectbriy claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or if the Persons entitled to be compensated for any such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, shall oot agree with the Commissioners for executing tbs Ad in regard thereto, then and in every or any such case, the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, or his Under Sheriff, or the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster, or his Deputy, as the case may be; or in case such Sheriff or Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or his Deputy, shall be anyways interested in the Matter is question, then some of the Coroners of the said County, not interested therein, shall, upon the Warrant of the said Commissiooen for executing this Act, to he issued in the manner hereinafter mentioned, and he and they is and are hereby required and authorized to cause it to be inquired into and afeertaraed, upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Middle/cx, or City and Liberty of Westminster % (which Oaths the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or Deputy, or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer, ) what Recompence and Satil-fadion ought to he made to such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, 'Trustees, Owners, Occupiers or other Person or Persons interested therein, for such Lof6 or Damage as aforesaid, or for the Value of such Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp fofts or other Materials, Piece or Pieces of Ground or Hereditaments, and of tb proportionable Value of the refoedive Estates and Interests of every Person or Persons seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Commissioners of Prie-ment, Vestrymen, Trustees or other Person or Persons respedridy for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, for the Purchase of the? respective Rights, Estates and Interests therein; and in order thereto, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required from time to time, as occasion shall require, to futhmon and call before the said Jury and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputr or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to administer); and such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner respectrafy, shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Materials or Places»question, if there be occasion, and use all other lawful ways sad j* means.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

687

C.Z28.

means, as well for his -and their own as for the said Jury's better Information in the Premises, as the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of, ascertained and settled such Recompence and Satisfaction, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, to the said Coromissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, Trustees, Owners or Occupiers of, or other Persons interested therein, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, which said Verdict or Inquisition and Order, so had and made, shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, upon and against all Parties and Persons whomsoever; and for the Summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries, the said Comtniflioners for executing this Act are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, to futpmon, impannel and return, at some convenient Place in the said County of Middlesext or City of Westminster9 as the case may be, a Jury of not less than Thirty fix nor more than Forty eight honed and indifferent Men, qualified according to X.aw to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty'g Courts of Record at Westminster^ to appear before the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, at such time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, and Fourteen Days' Notice at the leaf! in Writing, under the Hands of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or under the Hand of their Agent duly appointed, of the time and Place at which such Jury so required to be returned are to meet, shall be given to such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations or any other Person or Persons interested in the Premises, before the time of the Meeting of the said Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at the Dwelling House of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, or of the Head Officer of such Body or Belies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued; and the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to impannel, summon and return such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelied, summoned and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can be speedily procured, to attend that Service (being qualified as la ft aforesaid) to the Number of Twelve; and it (nail be lawful for all Persons concerned, by themselves, their Counsel, Solicitors and Agents, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evidence before the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner respectively; and such Persons shall also have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but mall not challenge the Array.

SherTF to order Sum afleffird by Jury to be paid.

Return of Jury.

Notice of Meeting of Jury to Commissioners of Pavement,

&c.

Jury sworn.

Parties may attend by themselves and Agents.

S 8 2

XV. And

628

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Sheriff, Jury and Witnesses for Neglc# of Duty.

Peualty.

Expences of Juries how paid when Verdi# for more Money than offered by Commissionera.

Mow paid wh£n Verdi# for less;

where the summoning a Jury has aril'en from a Refusal to treat with Commissiooers.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, so directed to fumtnon and return a Jury as aforesaid, shall make default in the Premises, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury, shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to T>e sworn, or to give his Verdict, or shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if any Person so summoned as a Witness shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be examined or to give Evidence, any Person so offending, having no reasonabie Excuse to he allowed by the Justices hereinafter mentioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, whies several and respective Penalties shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of Hk Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex or City of IVcflminsteri by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chzttek of the Persons so offending, rendering to him or her the Overplus, after such Penalties and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deduced.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury to be fon-moned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act shall give ia a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recom pence, Co-penfation or Satisfaction, for the Right, Interest or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Pavements, Rails, Gates, Lamp Pols and other Materials, Ground and Hereditaments, or for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to be given and offered for the same by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, before the summoning and returning of such Jury, then and is every such case, all the reasonabie Coffs, Charges and Expences of caunng and procuring such Recompence, Compensation or Satisfaction, to be assessed by a Jury, shall be settled by the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, before whom such Claiss shall have been tried, and shall be paid by the said Comroissioners out of the Monies which shall arise*by virtue of this Act; but if any Jury so summoned and sworn as aforesaid shall give in a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money, as such Recompence, Corn-pen fat ion and Satisfaction as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Commissioners for the same, before the fummoo ing and returning of the said Jury; or where the causing and procuring such Jury to be summoned shall have arisen from a Refusal to treat or agree with the said Commissioners for executing this Act, by such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, Trustees, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are, by the rrovisions of this Act or otherwise legally empowered to treat, then all such Coffs, Charges and Expences (to be settled by such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner in manner aforesaid) shall be paid to the Commissioom for executing this Act, by the said Commissioners of Pavement, Veffry--men, Trustees, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so claiming such Compensation, or refuting to treat and agree, as before mentioned respectively, save only and except where, by reason of Absence or other like Cause, any Period shall have been prevented- from treating or agreeing as aforesaid, ia

which

A.D. 1816.

S6°GEO.IIL

C. 12a

which Case no Costs, Charges or Expences, shall be allowed to either No Cofti. Party as against the other5 and all Costs, Charges and Expences Costs directed u» hereby directed to be paid to the said Commissioners for executing be paid to Com-this A d, shall and may be deduded and retained by them out of the missionera to be Money so adjudged or assessed to be paid by them, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of the Person and Persons entitled to such Money so adjudged, and Payment or Tender of the Remainder to them; of such Money shall be deemed and taken to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so adjudged or assessect; or in case no or if in Money Money, or no sufficient Sum of Money shall be awarded or assessed awarded them* to be paid by the said Commissioners, whereout such Cods, Charges 'covered as and Expences can be deducted, then the same shall and may be re- Penaltle<-covered by such Ways and Means as are hereinafter provided for the Recovery of Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by this Alt imposed or authorized to be imposed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Judgments Venli&itobe and Verdicts shall be recorded in the Office of the Auditor of His recorded. Majesty's Land Revenue arising in the County of Middlesex; and a

Minute or Docket thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and all such Judgments and Verdicts shall be afterwards deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Middlesex, to be kept and preserved by him amongst the Records of the Quarter Sessions of the said County, and shall be deemed to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to insped the same, paying for such Inspection the Sum df One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or Tender Power to enter of the Sum or Sums of Money, Recompence and Satisfaction, which and tak*

shall be agreed for, awarded or assessed as aforesaid, to the Parties

or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, Treasurer Payment or or Treasurers, the said Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, Tender of Pur-Trustees or other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or chafe Money. Collegiate, interested in such Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp Pods and other Materials, Ground and Hereditaments, shall from thenceforth be divested of all Right* Title, Claim, . Interest and Property therein or thereunto, and the same shall thenceforth be veiled in the said Commissioners for executing this Act, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin and Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates,

Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands, and the same shall and may be at any time thereafter made use of and employed according to the Directions of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, for any of the Purposes of this Act, and under the Regulations herein contained.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Property of and in all Property of the Pavements of the Carriageways and Footways, and sdfo the Ballad Pavements, fcc. or Gravel to be brought or laid in the said several Streets, Squares, ve.^fd , n Com" Circusses, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, already mi 00im

or hereafter to be set out or made within the Limits aforesaid, and

S s 3 of

58*

C.ll£.

56° GEO* Ill-

known or hat Information of any Offence in his Walk, of which Notice hat not been given, and which hat not been proceeded against.

Notice to he given of Sale of Distress for Town land Fmes.

Proviso for Goods distrained during Fair or Market*

A.D.H

shall have made Oath, before the Collector of Excise or other 01 in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Gfl shall be employed, which Oath every such Colkdor or Ofifl hereby authorized to administer, that from the time of the bit prri Payment of Sabry to such Gauger, such Gauger hath not knoe* hath not had or received any Information of any Spirituous Lif having been sold by Retail without Licence in any Houft widrifl Walk of such Gauger; and that he hath not known, or hath all or received any Information agaioft any Pdrfon di&illing. hum felling any Spirits which shall have been unlawfully made or III in Ireland, or that if such Gauger hath known or had lnknm of any such Offences, he hath duly communicated the Paiticda such his Knowledge or Information to some one of htsfoperkrl cers, and that he hath also on his own Part endeavoured or riel-l utmost Exertions to detect and punish the Person or Perfooigd or supposed to be guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever -aur ltti shall be taken or made on the Goods, Chattels or Effects of ar| habitants or Inhabitant of any Townbnd, District, DinfionoriB in Ireland, for or on account of any Fine or Fines, or for anfel or Sums of Money applotted on any such Inhabitant or in respect of any Fine or Fines imposed on such Townland, D&ifc Division or Place, under any Act or Acts for the-SuppidSoeoflfiei Diftilbtion, the Person or Persons who shall have itkaximk such Distress shall keep the Goods, Chattels and Effe&fedrfiw4 .until Twelve o'Clock at Noon of the Fourth Day nrtfolrcaf tk Day on which such Distress shall be made, before the for In b fold and disposed of, unless such Distress shall be footer triad 'by the Payment of such Fine, 'or such Part thereof forvfairifak Distress shall have been made; and such Person or Perfoii{bBrm or cause to be given public Notice in Writing of thetiofstdiwe of the Sale of such Distress, specifying and describing in furiKsfo the Goods, Chattels and Effects so di(trained and intendedtobeibUg and such Notice shall be posted ou the Door of the Churri, Chpi or Meeting House in and nearest to the Place where such DM shall have been made, Two Days at least before the Day of Sale; and the reasonable Expences of keeping and detaining such Di'bri, and of giving such Notice, shall be paid out of the Product of tfc Goods, Chattels and Effects so distrained: Provided ahnTt, tkl shall and may be lawful to sell and dispose of any such Goods, Ch* telsor Effects so distrained, during the time of any Fair or Mark which shall be holden on any Day on which such Distress msyk made, or which may intervene between the Day of such DM ad the Expiration of Four Days next afterwards, and although do Nonet of Sale shall have been given as aforesaid.

XVII. Arid Whereas it is among other things eiadat bftk 4 said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefect 4 Reign, that Notice shall be posted for the Purpose of rrpwrd 4 Persons liable to Grand Jury Cess in any Townland*Place, Draft 4 or Division, to meet to applot any Sum or Sums in which ajfoA 4 Townland, Place, District or Division shall hare been fined; i*Jw 4 Ten Days after such Townland, Place, District or Divifioa {hi 4 have been so fined; and it is expedient that the 'time for pofbog 4 such Notice should be enlarged; ' Be it: therefore.hacted, Th*

AJD.1816

56° GEO. 111.

0198.

831

in or upon Stone* Wood or otherwise, and to be fixed in a conspicuous Part or One or more House or Houses* Building or Buildings* at or near each End* Corner or Entrance of such Streets* Squares* Cir-cufies* Ways and Courts* and other public Passages and Places* the Name by which each respective Street, Square* Circus* Lane* Way*

Court* Yard* Mews* Passage and Place* is to be properly called or known* in such manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the same; and if any Person mall wilfully break* throw down* Damaging take away* spoil or damage any Watch House or Watch Box* Lamps Watch House* or any of the Irons* Poftt or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully ex- LaraP*»c-tingutih the Light of any such Lamp* or deface or obliterate any such Name or Number* or any Part thereof* every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence* forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds* whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer* and Penalty, the other Moiety to the Commissioners acting under and by virtue of ibis A &, to be by them applied for the Purposes thereof; and such Offender shall also pay to the said Commissioners* or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, such Sum of Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damage so done; and in case Carelessly da-any Person shall carelessly* negligently or accidentally break* throw m*Siut Lamp*, down* or otherwise spoil or damage any of the said Lamps* or the &c*

Irons* Posts or other Furniture thereof* and shall not, upon Demand* make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto* it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or the City of WeJtminRer* upon Proof thereof made by the Oath of any credible Witnesses* or on the Confession of the Party* to award such Sum of f Money by way of Satisfaction for such Damage* as such Justice shall

think reasonable* not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Lamp* Penalty.

Lamp Iron* or Lamp Post* or in default of Payment thereof* upon Demand* to cause the same to he levied by Distress and Sale of the Diftrtfr. Goods and Chattels of the Person who shall have done such Damage, rendering the Overplus (if any! after deducting the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint* and of such Distress and Sale* to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels upon Demand.

XXI. And be it further enacted* That the Occupier of every Persontto House and Tenement now erected or to be erected within the Limits sweep the Poot-of this Act* shall once in every Day* before the Hour of Ten of wa3f

the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day* scrape* sweep and cleanse* a r>a* or cause to be scraped* swept and cleansed, the Footway all along onc a ay* and opposite to the whole Front and Flank Wall* if any* of his* her or their respective Houses or Tenements* or in default thereof every such Occupier shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Penalty. Shillings; and if any such House or Building be let furnished or in Separate Apartments to Inmates* then and m every such case* the Person or Persons so letting the same shall, for the Purpose aforesaid* be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissionm for executing this Act shall, and they are hereby authorized and may Water empowered* to cause all or anytof the Streets, Squares* Circuffes* Stiecl1*

Ways* Courts* Passages and public Places within the Limits of this

Act* to be watered when they or any of their Surveyors for the time being shall think proper* and for that Purpose to cause such Number of Wells and Pumps to be dug* funk and made in any of the said Welk may j>e Streets* Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, as Jug.

S s 4/ they

cut*.

56 GEO* III.

Penalty.

CoUe&on appointed by Lord Lieutenant empowered to proceed.

Penalties of

aool. how recovered, ice

Lend Lieutenant empowered to moke Appointment made byCommif-fitmers.

CoUedon appointed by Lord Lieutenant to be instead of the other Collectors.

Commifflooert of Ex rife, with Content utf Ire*-fury, may relieve Persona from Pines on Town-lands,

that PtifpoTe by the Person or Perfaas, or any of them &» mom tad appointed oy the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chef Go or Governor*, every such Treasurer, CoHe&or or other Peril deliver up all such Warrants accordingly, upon pain of he the Sum of Two hundred Pound* for each Warrant vrharil Treasurer or Calledor or other Person shall not, on such D made, so deliver up; and every such Person and Person* so non and appointed to receive and execute the said Warrants, fci they are hereby respectively authorized, empowered and neyal levy all and every the Fine and Fine* which shall be mr nt ii — d| such Warrant or Warrants, and to execute or complete the £m of t e said Warrant or Warrants, with like Powers and A aria and in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Collect Grand Jury Cess, or other Person to whom such Warrants had granted or delivered, were empowered to exercise and nad could have executed the same, and with all the like Ream case of Nonpayment thereof or of any Part thereof as are pidl by Law with respect to any Money to be levied under anrAri tnent of a Grand Jury; and every such Fine, Penalty or M Two hundred Pounds shall and may be recovered by AH Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record m bm or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdidioa (mai d Court is hereby fully authorized to take Cognizance or the ii by any Person or Persons who shall sue for toe fuse; md m & Proceedings no EfToin, Protection, Wager of Lvov JMeflh One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Money named fcf A Action or other Proceeding shall be applied, as to Ae On B thereof, to and for the Ule of the Person suing farthchmtfcX the other Half to and for the Use of the Infirmary of the Cm or County of the City or Town, as the case may be; and m czS shall seem expedient to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Com or Governor* of Ireland, to revoke or annul any Appodsotri shall have been made by the said Commissionera of Inland Exrifci Taxes of any Person or Persons to collect and levy any iadhfna aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant or other C Governor or Governors so to do, without appointing any other son or Person* for that Purpose.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Person fotok pointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gc nors of Ireland, for the Collection of such Fines, shall stand ii Place and Stead of the Persons appointed by the said CounmA of Inland Excise and Taxes, and shall have all such Powers md tboritie8 as the Persons so appointed by the said Commissioners.

XXL And be it further enacted, That from and after the pi of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commi(boners of U Excise and Taxes in Ireland, (by and with the Consent aaddffj brat ion, and under the Directions of the Commissiooer* fotaxadi the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, ) upon the Apfhctf of any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of Grand Jary 0 in any Townland, Place, District or Division in Irdmnd, on Fine shall have been imposed under any Ad or Act for the Sopp (ion of illicit Difiliation in Ireland* to grant such Relief to fucki son or Persons against the Payment of inch Fine, or any Part then a* to the Commu&onm of Inland Excise and Taxes (hall-feem m

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO, III. C. 128. 69S

Breach or Non Performance of such Contract, and all Costs, Charges and Expence* that shall be occasioued thereby.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persont For preventing (other than the Person or Person* con tracing with the said Com- A(he$ being missioners for executing this Act, for cleanfirtg the Street*, Square*, tjkcil*^ay Ways, Court* and other public Palfages and Place* under their Jhe Contr*&ar Direction, or those employed under such Contraftor or Contraftors) for clearing.

shall on any Pretence whatsoever go about to collect or gather, or shall afic for, receive or carry away any Dust, Dirt, Cinders or Ashes, from any House or other Premifea in any Street, Square, Cireus,

Way, Court, or other public Passage or Place under the Management of such Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Person* who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Person* to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, together with the Horses, Cart*, Wheelbarrow* or other Carriage* or Implement* made use of for carrying away the same, and, by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey him, her or them before some Just ice of the Peace for the said County of M'tddUfex> or City of Westminster, and such Justice shall, and he i* hereby authorized to examine upon Oath the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender or Offenders, and any Witness or Witnesses who shall .appear to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties shall be convicted of going about to collect or gather, a(king for, receiving or carrying away any Dust, Dirt, Cinders or A (he*, from any House or other Premises in any Street, Square, Cireus, Terrace, Road, Highway or other public Passage or Place under the Management of the said Commissioner* for executing this Act, not being the Person or Person* so contrafting with such Commissioner*, or acting under his or their Authority, he, (he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and One Moiety penalty, of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety to the said last mentioned Commissioners; and if such Offender or if not paid, ' Offender* shall not immediately on Conviction pay the said Penalty Horse*, Cttf, or Penalties, such Justice is hereby required to direct such Horses, febed and Carts, Wheelbarrow* or other Carriage* or Implements which shall 10*have been so seized to be appraised and fold; and after dedufting out of the Monies to arise by such Sale, the Penalty or Penalties incurred, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, the Overplus thereof shall be returned to the Party or Parties whole Horse* or other things shall be appraised and fold; and in case there shall have been no such Seizure as aforesaid, and if no Seizor if the Horses, and other thing* which shall be so appraised and UIC*or fold, shall not produce a sufficient Sum of Money to pay the said pid,

Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, then if such Offender y^or Offenders shall not immediately upon Conviction pay the Penalty or Penalties, or such Part or Parts of the said Penalty or Penalties,

Charges and Expences which shall remain over and above the Produce of the Horses and other things so seized and fold, then such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Inpriioomcnu Middlesex* or City of Westminsiary there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Forty Days, unless such Penalty or

Penalties

C.128.

56° GEO. III.

AJ). 1816.

Monies remain* ing in the Hands ofCoUedor,

Diftrete.

Treasurer, kc. refuting, &c. to giro Accounts, tire.

Iraprisonment till Account reodered, kc.

Commissionen to pare and repair Streets, Sec,

Altering Pavement, Sec. without Content.

appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to admimf-ter, ) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of any such Treasurer or Collector, such Justice it hereby authorized and required upon Non Payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Diftrete and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person; and do such Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the Money and the Charges of distraining and felling the Distress, or if it shall in* manner aforesaid appear to such Justice, that any such Treasurer, Clerk or Collector had refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Treasurer, Clerk or Collector, and he shall have refused or neglected to deliver up or give Satisfactkw respecting the same as aforesaid, then such Justice mall commit him to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize; until such Person, being Treasurer or Collector, shall make and give a true and perfect Account and have paid such Money as aforesaid, or shall have compounded for such Money with the said Commissioners, and have paid such Composition in such manner as they shall appoint, which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive, and until such Person, being Treasurer, Clerk or Collector, shall deliver up all such Books, Papers and Writings, or Duplicates of the same as aforr* said; but no Person who shall be committed on account of hit not having sufficient Goods or Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Term than Six Calendar Months*

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to cause the several Streets, Squares, Circufles, Way8, Courts and other Public Passages and Places, or such Parts thereof as shall be made and set out within the Limits of their Jurisdiction, under the Provisions of this Act, both in the Carnage and Footwavs to be paved, and such Pavements to be from time to time amended and kept in good Repair, upon such Levels, and in such manner, and with such Sorts and kinds of Materials as they shall judge necessary and proper; and also to cause the said Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, to be cleansed, lighted, watched and watered, and the Sides thereof or other Places, which shall be made or set out, to be fenced or inclosed with Iron or other Rails, in such Parts and Places and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances and Annoyances therein, to be removed, and Drains, Sinks, Gutters or Watercourses, to be made, for conveying the Water from the said Streets, Squares, Cir* cufles, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, in such manner as they shall think proper; and that no Person shall, without the Coufent of the said Commissioners, alter the Form, or break up the Ground or Pavement of the Carnage or Footways within any

Part

56° GEO. III.

C. 128.

625

Part of such Limits* or make the same otherwise than as shall be directed by the said Commissioners, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence, and such Person Penalty, so offending shall also pay all the Expences of restoring such Ground or Pavement to its former State.

*XII. And Whereas several Persons have already paved, or may hereafter at their own Expence pave certain Squares, Passages and

Places, within the Limits of this Act, for which it is reasonable forae Allowance should be made Be it therefore further enacted,

That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby Commissioners authorized and empowered, from and out of the Monies to arise under to and by virtue of this A A, to make and pay to such Persons, as to^(009 umw the said Commissioners shall appear to be entitled thereto, such Pay- have paved at ments or Allowances for or in respect of such Pavement made and their own Ea-done, or which shall hereafter be made and done by them as aforesaid, pence, as to the said Commiffipners shall appear fair and reasonable.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase the may purchase Pavements and Footways, or the Materials of which the old Streets Material* of old may have been paved or made, in all or any of the Streets, Squares,

Ways, Courts, Passages or other Places under the Jurisdiction of any Ground for Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees before the passing getting Mate-of this Act, which shall be taken, blocked up, widened or altered rials, and for under the Proviflons of this Act; or such Parts thereof as shall be JwMmi Waich within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under this Act, and all Iron Rails, Gates, Lamp Polls and other Materials belonging to any such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, within such Limits, and also to make Compensation to &ny such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, for any

Courts, Passages or Places, being put or placed under the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution; and also to purchase, take or hire any Piece or Pieces of Ground, for the Purposes of-digging Gravel for the better paving such Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places as aforesaid, and for the Purposes of depositing Materials thereon, for or on account of such Paving, or for the Purpose of erecting a Watch House or Watch Houses thereon, or to rent any Building to be made use of as or for any other of the Purposes of this Act, as shall appear to them to be necessary, for such Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, and for such time, as to them shall appear reasonable, which Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, shall be respectively paid out of the Monies to arile by virtue of this Act; and also to ered any Watch House or Watch Houses, and any Number of Watch Boxes, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Place or Places as they may think proper, and likewise to buy or hire such*Horses, Carts, Teams or Carriages, as may be necessary for the Purpose of carting such Gravel, or for cleansing or watering such Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Ways, Courts, Pafiages and Places as aforesaid, or for any other Purpose directed by this Act; and also to hire such Persons, buy such Materials and make such Regulations for the better Execution of any such Purposes, as they the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall in their Discretion tl* 1

56 Geo. III.

S s

50° GEO.IIL

§«

Regulations in recited Act with rsfped to foreign VeffeU carrying Paflen ftrt made applicable to British Vessels carrying Passengera from Ais Kingdom to the United

Agreement dated June x5, 18x6, for the Purchase of the Mapors of Esher and Milbourne end the Manfton Houfie called Claremont, &c. for 66yOool.

C# 114, 115.

A3

4 that it JhaH not be lawful for any Matter or other Perfooti

hating the Charge or Command of any Ship or VefW* oil 4 a Brit'ish Ship or Vessel clearing out from any Port or I 4 the United Kingdom, to have or take on board a greater] 4 of Pferfona* including the Crew, than in the Proportioe 4 Person for etery Site Tone of the Burthen of fmch Stupor 4 And Whereas it is expedient to extend fitch Provisioo of 1 4 Ad* and also all oilier Regulations contained therein rk

the Conveyance of Pafiebgers in Foreign VeffeU, to Brfy] 4 conveying Passengers from the United Kingdom of Gntil 4 and Ireland to the United States of America* in hen sod id 4 the Regulations now by Law establiflted i* Be it therefore< by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with tie Act Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, andConnou, present Parliament, and by the Authority of the fam, That k after the passing of this Act, all the Regulation!, Reftnfoq ligations and Penalties, in the said recited Act contained ad ji with respect to Foreign Ships or Vessels canyisg Pafleagcr^flj other, shall be and the same are hereby made applicable ml Shins or Vessels carrying Passengers from Great Britmwik to toe United States of America, as fully and effednfiflodhl and Purposea whatsoever, as if the same were fetenfyaiipjM repeated and reenacted in the Body of this A&jaydif hi find seated Act or any other Act or Acts of Paiimattttkfl trary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXV.

An Act: for ratifying the Purchase of the Clarmetlb&i for settling the lame as a ReGdence for Her Roji/fi nefs the Princess Charlotte Augusta and His Serene Bgl* Leopold George Frederick Prince of Coburg of SaM

[iftWjiU

WHEREAS for the providing afuhsble Refidesct far Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Aoph al Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prises of Cdm Saalfeld* upon their cite auspicious Marriage* Arbdw d 1 ment, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of June iathbpnfc One thousand eight hundred and fixteco, have Wen ai entered into between Charlet Ro/e RUu of Cleremoatn tie* of Surry, Esquire, of the First Part; the RUU H« William HuJJtiJon, William Dacret Adam* and Hmj D* Esquires, Commissionera of His Majesfcy's Woods, Fcri Land Revenues (for and on behalf of His Majesty) of tkJ Part; and The King's Most Excellent Majesty of the TWj in Substance or to the Effect following; (that is to fyj*LUmrles Ro/e Ellis for himself, his Heirs, Executor* w A* strators, for and in consideration of the Sum of Sixty fa^Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain to be ptid w " the times andm the Proportions thereinafter meBBowd, h* promised and agreed to and with The King*! Most Exceheo Mi ms Heirs and Successors, to fell and dfafpofe»d the Cw nriflloners Parties thereto, for and on behalf rf The Kfaf* Excellent Majesty, have thereby agreed

*10 I

A/D. 1816*

56° GEO. lit

617

C. 126, 127.

felvesBe it therefore enacted and declared, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, in every Notice dxreded by the said recited Act to be given by any Prisoner to his or her Creditor or Creditors, such Prisoner shall declare that he or she is ready and willing to be fully examined touching the Justice of his or her Con-dud to his or her Creditor or Creditors, and that the Court or Judge to whom any Prisoner shall apply under the said recited Act or any Act for amending the same to be discharged under the Pro* visions of the said Acts, shall examine each and every such Prisoner touching the Justice of the Conduct of such Prisoner towards his or her Creditor or Creditors; and if it shall appear to the said Court or Judge upon the Examination of any Prisoner, or otherwise, that such Prisoner has acted with gross Injustice towards his or her Creditor or Creditors, either in contracting any Debts, or entering into any Engagements, without any fair Prospect or probable Means of paying such Debts, or fulfilling such Engagements, or by squandering or otherwise unjustly difpoung of his or her Monies, Eneds or other Property, which he or she might have applied in paying such Debts or fulfilling such Engagements, either wholly or in Part, such Prisoner shall not be entitled to his or her Discharge by virtue of the said recited Act, or of any Act for amending the same, unless the whole of the Creditors of such Prisoner shall consent to his or her Discharge, or such Prisoner shall have been confined within the Walls of any Prison for the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the time when such Prisoner shall have applied for his or her Discharge.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to alter or repeal any of the Powers or Pro* visions of the said recited Act, or of any Ad to amend the same, further than any of the Powers or Provisions in the said Act or Acts are hereby expressly repealed or altered respectively.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to reduce the Duty on the Exportation from Great

Britain of Small Coals of ascertain Description.

[iA July 1816.]

WHEREAS it would tend to encourage the Employment of

W British Shipping and British Mariners, if Coals which had

< been fereened through a Riddle or Screen, the Me(hes of which

were of small Dimensions, were allowed to be exported from

Great Britain to Foreign Parts, subject only to the Duties payable on the Exportation of Culm from Great Britain Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, . and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, die several Duties of Cul-toms payable by Law upon the Exportation from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, of Coals the Pieces whereof shall be of a Size capable of passing through a Riddle or Screen the Bars , of which shall not

in

Prisoner to (ire Notice that he i« willing to be examined touching the Justice of hit Conduct.

In case Prisoner has acted with gross Injustice, &c. not entitled to his Discharge, unleCi the whole of the Creditors consent.

Proviso for former Act.

In lieu of the Duties repealed, the like Duties as are payable on Culm to be ptid on Export-

C.11&

5fc° GEO. III.

m

' House, and all those Plantations and other Lands thereto Wo

containing by Estimation One hundred and thirty two Ac 4 thereabouts, and all the Timber and other Trees growing or

thereon; and all that Spring of Water riling in the lad men

Grounds, and all the Conduits, Aquedufts, Pipes and Rd

used for conveying or conducting the Water srifing fa

Spring to the Mansion House called Claremont) for the J

thereof, and the Offices and Grounds thereto belonging;

all that Piece or Parcel of Land called the HivbjuU, m 4 by Estimation Three Acres Three Roods and Five Perches, !

< near the said Park; and also all such Pew or Pews, or Fi 4 Parts of a Pew or Pews, in the Parish Church of Efier, x\

to the said Charles Rose Ellis; and all Waters, Fifemgi, 1

Roads, Paths, Easements, Rights, Members, Piirikgnad 4 purtenances whatsoever, to the said Manors, Manfioo Hock

other Houses and Premises, or any of them belonging or in q 4 appertaining: And the said Commissioners, Parties tbentyh

said Articles of Agreement have, for and on the behalf*

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, covenanted, promifedudifl 4 to and with the said Charles Rose Ellis, his Hein, bed

Administrators and Assigns, to pay the said Sum of Sixty fa! land Pounds, the Purchase Money for the said ?rmk, istkl

4 portions and at the times hereinafter mentioned; ftk a a % 4 the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, Part thereoftheDdfl

of the Possession of the said Premises, or on the 'ftkfattkii

approved of by the Counsel of the Purchasers, wtakw W

first happen, and the Residue thereof to be paid by fwq

annual Payments, the First of such Payments to be safe

Thirty first Day of May One thousand eight hundred audfcma .* the Second, on the Thirty first Day of May One tbfadq 4 hundred and eighteen, the Third, on the Thirty first Dtyof JM 4 One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and thefortka

last, on the Thirty first Day of May One thousand dgfcM f and twenty, together with lawful Interest for the Dune, ortk 4 ftalments from time to time remaining unpaid from tie Dtt 4 the said Articles of Agreement, such Interest to be paid on

< on the same Days as the Instalments of the Principal: Audits

the said Articles of Agreement, amongst other things, fa 4 provided and agreed that the said Charles Rose Mu shouldi 4 One Month from the Date thereof make out and deliver to the! y Commissioners, Parties thereto, a complete Abstract of and 4 out a good Title to the said Manors, Hereditaments sod Pr&H

and to the Inheritance thereof in Fee Simple, free from all J

cumbrances, save such as are therein and hereinafter mo* 4 and that he and they and all other necessary Parties fadf*« would, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December b 4 such good and sufficient Conveyances, Surrenders and Afaace 4 as Counsel shall advise, convey and allure the said

fioo House, and all and fiugujar other the Houses, Landt, Ha 4 dxtaments and Premises so contracted to be sold as aforesaid, witbd

Appurtenances, to the Use of the said Charles Rose Mu* or of fas

Ferfoii or Persons to be named by him or them, and his and ti> ' Executors, Administrators and AJsigns, for a Term of Fire bumin

*ears, for securing the Payment of the said Purchase Money, or

much thereof as. should remain unpaid at the timeof the Executw

'4

A.ai»ie- scream, am* «id

or the Person who in his behalf Signed the Certificate hertby required to be delivered to the Collector of tl* Customs at the time Of the Entry of any such Coala, and the Person entering or shipping any such Coals, shall be subject and liable to a Penalty of Ten Pounds Penalty, for every Chaldron, Newcastle Measure, of such Coals so improperly entered or shipped.

V. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer or Qffi- Officer to attend; Qtrs of the Customs at the Port where any Coals shall be eaieied fer*enui§of for Exportation to Foreign Parts on Payment of the Duty aa Culm, Lo2li so shall, whenever and as often as it conveniently can be done, attend

at the screening of any Coals so entered i and in any case when he If unable to at-

or they have not been able so to attend* the Owner or Proprietor or h* way

the Shipper of such Coals shall whenever required by any hich OflU*

cer, caul© any such Coah to be refcrecned in die Presence of such

Officer or Officers; and if it shall appear that such Coals or any

Fart thereof are not of the Dimensions required by this Act, or

have not patted through the Screen described and dtrefted by this

Act to be used, the Owner or Proprietor of such Coab, and the

Ferfon who may have signed the Certificate required by this Act to

be delivered to the Coneftor of the Customs, flipll be ftbjeft and

liable to the Penalties directed by this Act. Psnakiej.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act im- Duties bow posed shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied* collected, paid and levied, recovered, in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs, of

a like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, Qpllfcsted, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the foveraj powers. Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for Securing the Revenue of Custpms in Great Britain, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and1 Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for fequring the Revenue of Customs or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the ftvendi Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in foil* Force and Effect as to the said Duties, as fuHy aqdeffectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they were at large repeated* and reenacted in this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all' Mpnies from time to Application of time arittng from the said Duties (the nepeflary Charges of raising Duties.

and accounting for the same respectively excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at WcJtminjUr* and shall be appropriated and applied in the same map* ner as the Duties on Culm exported from Great Britain ar£ directtd to be appropriated and applied.

CAP.

594

66° GBO. III.

Ml

Ciii

1133-

Agreement

confirmed.

The Claremont Eftite vested in CommifTtooers of Wood* and For efts in Trust for the Princeft and the Princes.

Pnroifiom for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for n Doubts refieBing the Right of Persons claiming to vote at I for Knights of the Shirey and other Members to serve it Pal In reJheS of Meffuagesy Lands or TenementSy the Load Ti ovhicbshall have been redeemed or fur chafed; the Surveyor! of the Land Revenues of the Crown for the time bean powered to contract for the Sale from time to time, of fad much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenement* ! Mines, Minerals, Colheries, Woods, Wood Grooak Madkes, Waste Lands or other Hereditaments beloagag Crown, within the Survey or Receipt of the Exchequer! land, as would raise a Sum sufficient for the Redemptioa Land Tax charged on the Land Revenues of or betaking Crown: And Wtkreas under the Authority of the fad rtdtt certain Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown haw ba in order to raise Money for the Redemption of the Laf charged on the Crown Estates, and the Monies which be therefrom have been invested in the Purchase of Tkw ftd Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, of which Annalist Parts are now Handing in the Names of the Coodfafl His Majesty'a Treasury, in the Books of the Govern* d! paay of the Bank of England; and such Annuities craft able Parts thereof, are not immediately wanted fcrdrity of the said recited Jk&s of the Thirty eighth ad fty" Years of the Reign of His present MQeftyjadsflM carry into Effect the Provisions of this A&wftatttlft venience as possible, and to have a Fund ready fork tip of the several Instalments of the said Purchase Mosey a t shall respectively become due, it is expedient that tbs Coad ers of His Majesty's Treasury should be authorised ad powered to fell a competent Part of the said Bank Aa«wj time to time, in order to raise the Monies which vibe iep to pay the [faid InHalments as they shall become pijifc* apply the Monies so to be raised in the Payment tbtdtt ingly; and that the Commissioners for the time briny of jetty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, should be m and empowered to sell and dispose of certain Parti of the! Hons and Land Revenues of the Crown, and apply the I anting from such Sales in making good and replacing tk Annuities which shall have been so fold, or in purdu % Pounds fir Cent Reduced Bank Annuities in ueu thereof it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent MajdM with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual m fbf and Commons, in this present Parliament assemblei, mdbjtkj thority of the tiune, That the said hereinbefore in Put irddl tides of Agreement, bearing Date on the said Fifteenth D*y in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and fixw*»and the same are hereby ratified and confirmed, and effectual to all Intent! and Purposes whatsoever. J

II. And be it further enacted, That at the time awfbfl said Articles of Agreement for the conveying the said 89 Premises, the said Charles Rose Ellis shall by proper Cow and A durances in the Law convey the same, and the9thereto belonging, to the Use of him the said Charlet RsftM Executors, Admmistrators or Assigns, or of fqpe Perioa or ti

56° GEO. III.

C.128.

621

A-D.1816.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to appoint laid Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for <WjJioDal Lona" the time being, and the said Commissioners of His Majesty'a Woods, m onen* Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, or any Three or

more of them, at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect and appoint any other Person or Persona to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution; and every Person or Persons who shall be so elected and appointed, is and are hereby veiled with the same Powers and Authorities as if he or they had been named in this present Act, and had been hereby appointed a Commissioner or Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Qualificition of who shall be so elected and appointed, shall be capable of acting as a Commissiootrs. Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his

own Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Re* ceipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Two thousand Pounds.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Commissionei* hereafter to be elected a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act,

not being so qualified, shall presume to ad in the Execution of this

Ad, or being so qualified shall, during such time as he shall hold any cerned in any Place or Office of Profit, or be any way interested or concerned in Contnft under any Contract to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Work or Ad.

Business to be done under the same, presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with full Costs Penalty, of Suit, to any Person who shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the case or otherwise; and the Person so sued shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or that he did not hold any such Place or Office of Profit, or was not interested or concerned m any such Contract, Work or Business as aforesaid (as the case may happen), or otherwise, shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff, than that such Person had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or whilst holding any such Place or Office, or being intended or concerned in any such Contract, Work or Business as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Meeting of meet at such time and Place as any Three or more of them shall Commissioners. appoint, by Notice to be dgned by them, and affixed on the Church

Doors of the Parishes of Saint Jama in the Liberty of Westminfiert Saint Mary le bone, Saint Martin tn the Fields and Saint George Hanover Square^ at lead Eight Days before such Meeting, in order to put this Act in Execution; and shall and may then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn themselves to any Place within or near the Limits of this Act; and if at any time there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act to ad in the Execution of the same, any One of the said Commissioners present may adjourn the Meeting to another Day; and in case of any Neglect or Adjournment. Omission to adjourn, any Three of the said Commissioners or their Clerk, shall and may call a Meeting at the Place where the lad Meet*

ing

C.115.

56° GEO. m.

ADJf

and also in oCe of the Princess furtiring and coming to the Crown; Estate to become Crown Property.

Commissioners of the Treasury to fell out so much Stock as shall be necef-fkrj to pay the Inftalmema as they become due.

Treasury may fell and transfer the Stock by Power of Attorney.

Commissiopers of Woods and JForests may fell Crown Lands to raise Money to replace the 6teck Jold.

the Fixtures thereto belonging, shall become Fart of the La venues of the Crown, and be settled and administered to tfc Uses and in the same manner as such Land Revenues nova after may be settled and administered.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if Htr Highness the Princeft Charlotte Augvjla shall (arrive Hil I Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of CoUurydk and after the Decease of His Serene Highness faceted todrfl of the United Kingdom, then and in such case and immedfffcj such Accession of Her Royal Highness to the Crown of del Kingdom, the said Manors, Mansion House, Estate ad Si aments, and the Fixtures thereto belonging, shall becooe H| the Land Revenues of the Crown, and be settled and adaaj to the same Uses, and in the same manner as such Laad Rofl now are or hereafter may be settled and administered. i

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and mif for the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time beo$ Three or more of them, and he and they is and ire herebyi*and required from time to time, as the Inftalmentsof the chafe Money and the Interest thereon shall respeffifeff faffrf to felL and dispose of so much of the Three per Cent* Caitk Annuities, Handing in the Names of the CommissioKnofBvl jetty's Treasury, in the Books of the Governor and Oaptyii Bank of England, which have been purchased

under the Provisions of the said recited Acts o/tk TWtrajriti and Forty second Years of His Majesty's Reign, a ilk MW to pay and discharge such respective Instalments i Ae Miff chafe Money as they shall respectively become due, sad tkbMR^ then payable to the said Charles Ro/e Ellis, his Hein or Ain and by and with the Produce of the Sale of such Bid Amm to pay and discharge such Instalments of the said PatWelW accordingly, and the Interest then payable to the id CMr^Ellisf his Heirs or Aligns.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tmm fer Cent Consolidated Bank Annuities hereby antAorued idj quired to be sold and disposed of for the Purposes aforefdd, bfl said Commissioners of the Treasury, (kail and may be WIV ferred and disposed of by any Person or Persons to be ippoiffi them, or any Three or more of them, by Letter of Attoncy, fl| their Hands and Seals attested by Two or more credible WtfidM

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may bek ful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Wood?, Fordbl Land Revenues for the time being, or any Two of them, act or any Two of them, are hereby authorized and empowered tiff trad and agree with any Person or Persons, Body or Boh*A or Corporate, for the Sale of, and abfolutdy to makeSkd or so many or so much of the Manors, Lardftiips, Meflqftl'1 Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Colheries, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes or Waste Lands or other Her aments, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the 0 within the Survey of the Exchequer in England (w the be! P or Confi deration3 in Money which the (am Commissiooers of Majesty'g Woods, Foreils and Land Revenues shall, wdfl Direction and with the Approbation of the Lord High Tmli or Commissioners of the Treasury foi* the time being, or ujT

56° GEO. III.

C.12S,

ess

surer, Clerk and Surveyor, and also a Collector of the Rates or Af-iedmenU to be made as hereinafter mentioned, and such other Officers and Persons as they shall think necessary, and may remove any such Officers or other Persons as they shall think proper, and appoint others in their Stead, and pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to all such Officers or Persons as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to take Security from every such Treasurer or Collector as they shall think proper.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer and Trtifuwrand Collector shall, under their respective Hands (at such time or times, and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall directl deliver accoun to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing of all such matters and things as may be committed to their Charge, and of all Monies which shall have been by them received, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and all such Collectors shall pay all such Money as shall remain in their respective Hands; and if any such Collector Unduly keeping as aforesaid shall at any time or times hold or keep in his own Hands Money in Hand, for the Space of Three Days together, any larger Sum of Money to be received by him under this Act, than the Sum of JFifty Pounds, ha shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, within the Penalty.

Space of Ten Days next after he shall be called upon by them or their Treasurer to pay such Penalty; and every such Collector shall, when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, assembled at any such Meeting as aforesaid, produce a Book containing an Account of the Rates and Assessments laid by virtue of this Act, which fhaE be in- arrear and unpaid, and the Names of the Persons by whom the same ought to be paid, with the Sums by them respectively owing, and the time when the same became due; and every such Treasurer and Collector so accounting shall upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer, ) verify such their respeCbive Accounts; and if any such Treasurer or Collector shall Refcfing to refufh or wilfully neglect to make and render, or shall refuse to verify accounL upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Voucher* relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid; or in case the Clerk of the said Commissioners; or any such Treasurer Clerk of Com-nr- Collector, shall not deliver to the said Commissionerr, or to such mioners> Pfcrfou as they shall'appoint, within Fourteen Days next after being thereunto required by Notice in Writing, signed by the said Com- Uver toCommif miffibners, or- any Two or more of them, and given to or left at the fioners or their Ifefbor usual Place of Abode of such Treasurer, Clerk or Collector, Appointee on all Books, Papers and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, Notice of Four-relating to the Execution of this Act, or Duplicates thereof respect- relit,

htlfi or give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners respecting the jngtoAdor same, and Complaint shall be made thereof on the behalf of the said Duplicates. Cfcmmiifoners, to any Justice of the Peace for the County of Mid*

Jkfe* at City of Westminster* such Justice is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Treasurer, Clerk- or Collfe&br t^be- brought before him, and upon his

'appearing

C.128.

56 GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Monies remain* ing in the Hands ofCoUedoo

Diftrefi.

TrSisurer, ftc. refilling, dec. to pre Accounts, arc.

fraprifooment till Account rendered, ftc.

Commissioners to pare and repair Streets, Sec.

Altering Pavement, Sec. without Content.

appearing or not being to be founds to hear and determine the matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witnefa upon Oath, (which Oath such Just ice is hereby empowered to adzninif-ter, ) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this Act, shall be b the Hands of any such Treasurer or Collector, such Justice is hereby authorized and required upon Non Payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Diftrets and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person; and if no fud Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the Money and the Charges of distraining and felling the Distress, or it it shall in 'manner aforesaid appear to such Justice, that any fad Treasurer, Clerk or Collector had refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papen or Writings relating to the Execution of this A&» shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Treasurer, Clerk or Collector, and he shall have refused or neglected to deliver up or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then such Justice mall commit him to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprise* until such Person, being Treasurer or Cot lector, shall make and give a true and periled Account and have pad such Money as aforesaid, or shall have compounded for such Money with the said Commissioners, and have paid such Competition in fud manner as they shall appoint, which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive, and until fud Person, being Treasurer, Clerk or Collector, shall deliver up all fnd Books, Papers and Writings, or Duplicates of the same as aforesaid; but no Person who shall be committed on account of his not having sufficient Goods or Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Term than Six Calendar Months.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the (kid Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to cause the several Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts and other Public Passages and Places, or such Part* thereof as shall be made and set out within the Limits of their Jurisdidion, under the Provisions of this Act, both in the Carriage and Footways to be paved, and such Pavements to be from time to time amended and kept in good Repair, upon such Levels, and in such manner, and with (juch Sorts and kinds of Materials as they shall judge necessary and proper; and also to cause the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, to be cleansed, lighted, watched and watered, and the Sides thereof or other Places, which shall be made or set out, to be fenced or inclosed with Iron or other Rails, in such Parts and Places and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances and Annoyances therein, to be removed, and Drains, Sinks, Gutters or Watercourses, to be made, for conveying the Water from the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, in such manner as they shall think proper; and that no Person shall, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, alter the Form, or break up the Ground or Pavement of the Carriage or Footways within any

Part

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C. 128.

Part of such Limits, or make the same otherwise than as shall be directed by the said Commissioners, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence, and such Person so offending shall also pay all the Expences of restoring such Ground or Pavement to its former State.

XII. And Whereas several Persons have already paved, or may hereafter at their own Expence pave certain Squares, Passages and 1 Places, within the Limits of this Act, for which it is reasonable some "Allowance should be made ; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and out of the Monies to arise under and by virtue of this Act, to make and pay to such Persons, as to the said Commissioners shall appear to be entitled thereto, such Payments or Allowances for or in respect of such Pavement made and done, or which shall hereafter be made and done by them as aforesaid, as to the said Commiffipners shall appear fair and reasonable.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase the Pavements and Footways, or the Materials of which the old Streets may have been paved or made, in all or any of the Streets, Squares, Ways, Courts, Passages or other Places under the Jurisdiction of any Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees before the passing of this Act, which shall be taken, blocked up, widened or altered under the Provffions of this Act; or such Parts thereof as shall be within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under this Act, and all Iron Rails, Gates, Lamp Polls and other Materials belonging to any such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, within such Limits, and also to make Compensation to hny such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, for any Loss or Damage which they or their respective Parishes may fuftaia by reason of any of the said Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Passages or Places, being put or placed under the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution; and also to purchase, take or hire any Piece or Pieces of Ground, for the Purposes of digging Gravel for the better paving such Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places as aforesaid, and for the Purposes of depositing Materials thereon, for or on account of such Paving, or for the Purpose of erecting a Watch House or Watch Houses thereon, or to rent any Building to be made use of as or for any other of the Purposes of this Act, as shall appear to them to be necessary, for such Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, and for such time, as to them shall appear reasonable, which Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, shall be respectively paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act; and also to ered any Watch House or Watch Houses, and any Number of Watch Boxes, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Place or Places as they may think proper, and likewise to buy or hire such % Horses, Carts, Teams or Carriages, as may be necessary for the Purpose of carting such Gravel, or for cleaofing or watering such Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places as aforesaid, or for any other Purpose directed by this Act; and also to hire such Persons, buy such Materials and make such Regulations for the better Execution of any such Purposes, as they the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall in their Discretion think proper. 56 Geo. III. Ss XIV. And

625

Penalty.

Commissioners to make Allowances to such Persons as may have paved at their own Ea-pence.

Commissioners may purchase Materials of old Streets, See. or purchase or hire Ground for getting Materials, and for building Watch Houses,«.

<626

Damages to be ifleffcd, in case of Dihgree-meats, by a

Jury.

Sheriff, && empowered to administer Oaths.

Witoefles «-aminedon Oath.

C.128. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 1816.

XIV. And be it further eoacted, That if any Commissiooen of Pavement, Vestrymen, Trustees, Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Femes Covert, or any other Person or Persons interested in any Pavement, Raila, Oates, Lamp Polls or other Materials, or in any Ground or Hereditaments which the said Commissioners for executing this Act are hereby empowered to purchase, take and use for the Purposes of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or Disability shall be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or their Agents, for the Sale and Disposal thereof; or if such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested, cannot be found or knows, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises so to be purchased, or to the Interect, he, (he or they shall respectvdy claim therein, to the Sadsfaftion of the said Commissioners, or if the Persons entitled to be compensated for any such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, shall not agree with the Commissioners for executing that Act in regard thereto, then and in every or any such case, the Sherif of the said County of Middlesex, or his Under Sheriff, or the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of lVcJhxi*fterf or his Deputy, as the case may be; or in case nich Sheriff or Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or his Deputy, shall be anyways interested in the Matter n question, then some of the Coroners of the said County, not interested therein, shall, upon the Warrant of the said Commissionm for executing this Act, to be issued in the manner hereinafter mentioned, and ne and they is and are hereby required and authorized to cause it to be inquired into and afeertatned, upon the Oaths of i Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of or

City and Liberty of Westminster, (which Oaths the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or Deputy, or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer, ) what Recompeuce and Satif-faftion ought to be made to such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, 'Trustees, Owners, Occupiers or other Person or Persons interested therein, for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, or for the Value of such Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp Posts or other Materials, Piece or Pieces of Ground or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the refoeftive Estates and Interests of every Person or Persons seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, Trustees or other Person or Persons respectivdjr for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, for the Purchase of their*respective Rights, Estates and Interests therein; and in order thereto, the said Sheriff Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required from time te time, as occasion shall require, to summon and call before the find Jury and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witneffet, touching or concerning the Premifei (which Oath the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to administer); and such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner respectively, shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Materials or Places u question, if there be occasion, and use all other lawful ways and 5* means,

56° GEO. III.

627

C. 12$.

means, as wdl for hisand their own as for the said Jury's better Information in the Premises, as the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, shall think fit; and after the said Jury /hail have inquired of, ascertained and settled such Recompence and Satisfaction, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, to the said Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, Trustees, Owners or Occupiers of, or oilier Persons interested therein, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, which said Verdict or Inquisition and Order, so had and made, shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, upon and against all Parties and Persons whomsoever; and for the lummoning and returning of such Jury or Juries, the said Commissioners for executing this Act are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, to funpmon, impannel and return, at some convenient Place in the said County of Middlesex, or City of Westminsteri as the case may be, a Jury of not less than Thirty fix nor more than Forty eight honed and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, at such time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, and Fourteen Days* Notice at the least in Writing, under the Hands of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or under the Hand of their Agent duly appointed, of the time and Place at which such Jury so required to be returned are to meet, shall be given to such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations or any other Person or Persons interested in the Premises, before the time of the Meeting of the said Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at the Dwelling House of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen or Trustees, or of the Head Officer of such Body or Bcyiies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to he valued; and the said Sheriff, Under Sheri ff. High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to impannel, summon and return such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelied, summoned and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, shall return other hone ft and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can be speedily procured, to attend that Service (being qualified as last aforesaid) to the Number of Twelve; and it shall be lawful for all Persons concerned, by themselves, their Counsel, Solicitors and Agents, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evidence before the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner respectively; and such Persons shall also have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but mall not challenge the Array.

SherTF to order Sum afleflVd by Jury to be paid.

Return of Jury.

Notice of Meeting of Jury to Commissioners of Pavement,

&c.

Jury sworn.

Parties may attend by themselves and Agents.

S s 2

XV. And

C. 119, ISO.

56° GEO. III.

AJ

Orders nude by way Judge in re-Imoii to Trtnf* portadoo of Offenders tried by Courts Martial to he obeyed by aD Persons concerned.

Clerks of Affixes Sec. dull yearly transmit to Chief Secretary Accounts of the Number of Persons committed, dHtinguishing the Offences, See. according to Sehe-annazed.

Whereas it is expedient to explain and amend the Prorifia

(hid Act in relation to the Tnjsfportation of Persons f

to Transportation by Courts Martial, or of Perfo&s salt

Death by Courts Martial, to whom His Majesty (kj gi

extend his Mercy upon Condition of TransportsbOQ ; Be fore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty) by a the Advice and Consent of the .Lords Spiritual and Ti and Commons, in this prefect Parliament aflemhlrd, mi Authority of the same, That every Order made by any to The King's Bench, Common Pleas or Baron of the Eichepe Degree of the Coif, under any Act or Acts of Parlamoti at the time of making any fuen Order in relation to the Tn ation of Offenders, for the Transportation of any Offender fe to Transportation by any Court Martial, or being Kable to the! meet of Death by the Sentence of a Court Martial, to A Majesty shall have been graciously pleased to extend or i graciously pleased to extend his Mercy, upon Condition d\ portation, and every Act consequent upon any fab Order, h obeyed and done by the Person in whose Custody fad Oifefa at the time be, and all other Persons whom it nuy cnacen, shall be as effectual and have all the same Coofajuencrsa Order made or Act done under the Authority of any Ad or, of Parliament in force at the time in relation to dr TndporU of Offenders with respect to any Offender in anyUAfford of Parliament mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Karpor, Go* nor or Superintendant whom it may concern, ani d Cobb or other Persons, shall obey every such Order, andbeABaw Execution thereof, and be liable to the same PaniftaentfaWdi ence or interrupting the Execution of the same, si they woaln) the same had been made under the Authority of m foctAi Acts of Parliament in force at the time in relation to ation of Offenders; any thing in the said recited A ft oftfeSd of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. 1

CAP. CXX.

An Act to procure Annual Returns of Persons commit tried and convicted for Criminal Offences and Mifdaaai in Inland. [ift JWj ill

TK7HEREAS it is expedient that regular Reims W

made of the Commitments of Persons charred with I

minal Offences in Inland, an# the subsequent Proceeding tlwtt Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent and with the Advice and Consent of the Loidi Spiritual id T< poral, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament ifcmM WI the Authority of the same. That the several Clerks of A* Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Sessions of Oyer udTff* and Gaol Delivery, Clerks of the Peace and Town CJri* ^lands shall, within the First Fourteen Days of the Hulkj January in each Year, return and transmit to the Chief Scatarf i the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor ffr Gowrsan of land for the'time being, at the Office of such Chief Secretary Dublin CqftUf Accounts of -the Number of Persons, M»k*Female, committed to the foveral Gaols in Irdmi for Trial

to

£6' GEO. III.

C. 120.

60S

gc&hargtdat the federal Assizes, Sessions of Oyer and Ter-r ftd Gaol Delivery, General Sessions, Quarter Sessions and gtfons at which they respectively ad as such Clerks as afore*

£ch shall hare been holden within the preceding Year; diftin-if particularly the Crimes with which all such Persons were

J charged upon their Commitment, the Crimes of which them as were indided were respectively indided, and the i of which such of them as were convicted were respectively led; and distinguishing under each Head of Offence the Num-xxnri&ed, acquitted, discharged by reason of no Bill being against them and discharged by reason of no Prosecution, ana rotmees of such as were convicted, and also Hating under each Id Offence the Numbers of those capitally convicted who hare aerated; and all such Accounts mail be made out and re* i according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act id, or in such Form and manner and with any such additional .nki as shall from time to time be ordered and required by Chief Secretary in that behalf, and such Accounts shall be i by every such Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Crown or other tai aforesaid respectively; and every Clerk of Assize, Clerk Clwrk of Aslut, a Crown or other Clerk as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglectc« refuting, lake or transmit any such Return or Account in the manner and a pttferibed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Information or Action at Penalty, uit of His Majesty in any Court of Record in Ireland.

And be it further enacted, That the Chief Secretary to the Returns to be i Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland hid before us*being, shall, between the Twenty fourth Day of January Pwihment. the Twenty fourth Day of February in each Year, if Parliament I! he fitting during any Part of such Period, or if Parliament 1 not i* fitting during any Part of such Period, then within Four-i Days after Parliament shall meet after the hud Twenty fourth f of February in each Year, cause all such Accounts and Returns*laid before Parliament.

111. And be it further enacted, That the Grand Juries assembled Allowances to iherrfpcftive Spring Assizes for the several Counties and Coun- Clerks of Aline, of Cities and Towns in Ireland, and at the Presenting Term for &c-to be settled County and County of the City of Dublin next after such Re- y Praai* i {ball be made by such Clerks of Assize, Clerks of the Crown une*' other Clerks respectively in each and every Year, f settle and afeer- f Sic. the Allowances to be paid to the Clerks of Assize, Clerks of the wn and other Clerks as aforesaid, acting at the respediwe Assizes Sessions, for their Care, Pains and Trouble in making such urns; and it shall be lawful for such Grand Juries respectively, they are hereby required to present the Amount of such Allow-i to be raised off the County at large, or County of the City or ro, as the case may be, to which such Returns respectively relate styly; and such Amount when raised shall be paid by the Trea*

Jot such County, or County of a City or Town, to such Clerk

Assize, Clerk of the Crown or other Clerk respectively, f also fSic.

Abe entitled to the same under the Provisions of this Act,

5CHE-

ot

o

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers,

IRELAND, [Name of the Circuit Place from whence the Return it made.]

A RETURN of the Number of PERSONS committed to the different CAOLS. in the federal Counties within the Circuit [or, the Gaol of or, the Gaol within at the case may he"] for Trial

at the Assizes [or, Session of Oyer and Terminer, Quarter or General Reflion of the Peace, or other Session, holden for at the case may he] in the Year 18; dillinguifhingparticularly the Crimes with which they were

severally charged upon their Commitment, the Crimes of which such of them as were indicted were severally indicted, and the Crimes of which such of them as were convicted were severally convicted; and distinguiftiing, under each Head of Offence, the Numbers convicted, acquitted, discharged by reason of no Bill being found against them, and discharged by reason of no Prosecution; and the Sentences of such as were convisted, and the Numbers of those capitally convicted who have been executed.

Crimes with which they were severally charged upon their Commitment. Crimes of which they were indidted. Crimes of which such of them as were convicted were severally convicted. Acquitted by Verdi# of Jury. Discharged by reason of no Bill being found. Discharged by reason of no Prosecution. Total Number of Persons committed.

\ Total Number of Persons \ committed. Number of Persons? indicted - _ C Not indiAvd - - Tot»l Number of I*riant \ convi£t«* I -i- i.L

(Signed) lCUrk ''iSoAOlte*)

Ill039 oSS OSI'O

Crime* and Sente«iccs 01-r»loners c6jj*

CRIMES. Total Number of Persons convicted. sentences. Number of Personi capitally convicted who have been executed.

Death. Transportation. lmprilonment. Whipping. I i 19*» 1 0 It it

5*fi 8 >* fi 8 > 1 Year. 6 Months and under.

i

lisifi. 56° GEO. III. C.120. 605

C. 121.

56° GEO. III,

Allowances to Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons.

Proviso.

Exceptions,

Subalterns daiming Allowances to take the following Oath.

Oath.

AD

CAP. CXXI.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day o One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Cfc the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; tod fc ing Allowances in certain cases tcf Subaltern Officers said Militia during Peace. [ift Mi

[This AS the same at 55 G. 3. r. 167. except as to Boa j SeSiont here given, and SeSton 16. which u addtl]

4 VII. AND Whereas it is expedient to mot Aflovu*certain Officers of the said Militia Forces of Ireland wtik&i 4 died under certain Regulations ; Be it further enacted, Tk following Allowances shall be made and paid to the Amount, the Restrictions and in the manner hereinafter expressed, tonaj altern Officer and Assistant Surgeon, now bearing a Coarnha serving in the Milita of Ireland, who shall hate continued to serve until the Difembodying thereof; that is to say, to 11| tenant Two Shillings and Sixpence a Day, to an EofignTw! lings a Day, and to an Affinant Surgeon Two Shillings ad \ pence a Day: Provided always, that such Allowances flail a* received for the time during which the Regiment, BitoHoe Corps, to which such Officers belong, is assembW fa Traa and Exercise, or when called out for the Suppreis of Rati e Tumults.

VIII. Protided always, and be it further enacted, TtewPc son who is or shall during the Continuance of dns Ad becos podefied of such an Estate or Income, as would by Livut&k to bold a Captain's Commission in the Militia of a County at bj in Ireland, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant or&raw any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, nor anyOfar 0 Full Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, who shall also bold til Commission of a Subaltern or Affidaot Surgeon in tk laiWfo shall have or be in any wise entitled to the said Annual AW or any Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained ta G contrary thereof in anywise not with flan ding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers a Assistant Surgeons of the said Militia, who shall claim under tl Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Mowrn shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle tta selves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some One of H Majesty's Justices of the Peace for any County in the United fy dom in which they shall respectively be, in the Words or to ti EfFedt following; (videlicet),

4 T A. B. do swear, That I belonged to the 4 A of the Militia of Ireland, when the same is&

4 embodied, and that I have continued to dent therein fin tint 4 time until the Day of

4 inclusive, as a Lieutenant, Ln&gn or Aifibrt

4 Surgeon, (at the case may he); and that I was not in my ova Right, or in Right of my Wife, during the said Period, tn tk actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditament!, of such in annual Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a CommifBon 15 'of

56° GEO, III.

698

A.D. 1816.

a 128.

i Breach or Non Performance of such Contract, and all CofU, Charges i and Expences that shall be occasioned thereby.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons For preventing (other than the Person or Person* con trading with the said Com- A(he* being missionera for executing this Act, for cleanfirtg the Streets, Squares, ljkc"a*a*^t Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places under their the Contr*&or Direction, or those employed under such Contrador or Contradors) for cleaning, shall on any Pretence whatsoever go about to collect or gather, or shall ask for, receive or carry away any Dust, Dirt, Cinders or Ashes, from any House or other Premises in any Street, Square, Cireus,

Way, Court, or other public Passage or Place under the Management of such Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender t or Offenders, together with the Horses, Carts, Wheelbarrows or other Carriages or Implements made use of for carrying away the same, and, by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey him, her or them before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City of lVestminster$ and such Justice shall, and he is hereby authorized to examine upon Oath the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender or Offenders, and any Witness or Witnesses who shall .appear to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties shall be convicted of going about to collect or gather, asking for, receiving or carrying away any Dust, Dirt, Cinders or Ashes, from any House or other Premises in any Street, Square, Cireus, Terrace, Road, Highway or other public Passage or Place under the Management of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, not being the Person or Persons so contracting with such Commissioners, or acting under his or their Authority, he, (he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, anjl One Moiety penalty, of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety to the said last mentioned Commissioners; and if such Offender or if not paid/ Offenders shall not immediately on Conviction pay the said Penalty Horses, Caqr, or Penalties, such Justice is hereby required to direct such Horses, &c* k*d Carts, Wheelbarrows or other Carriages or Implements which shall foW* have been so seized to be appraised and fold; and after deduding out of the Monies to arise by such Sale, the Penalty or Penalties incurred, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, the Overplus thereof shall be returned to the Party or Parties whose Horses or other things shall be appraised and fold; and in case there shall have been no such Seizure as aforesaid, and if no Seizor if the Horses, and other things which shall be so appraised and notfuf-

fold, shall not produce a sufficient Sum of Money to pay the said u*^'v*m* M Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, then if such Offender y or Offenders shall not immediately upon Conviction pay the Penalty or Penalties, or such Part or Parts of the said Penalty or Penalties,

Charges and Expences which shall remain over and above the Produce of the Horses and other things so seized and fold, then such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of ImprUoomcnu Middlesext or City of IVeJhninJltr, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Forty Days, onlels such Penalty or

Penalties

a 128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.I816.

Proviso for Owner* of Dud removing it.

Householders nuking C>m plaint of defective Pavement or Lighting, Surveyor to view it, and if defective to give Notice to Contractor.

Pivior neglecting to repair Pavement.

Penalty.

For preventing Encroachments by Signs, Gutters, &c.

Notice to remove Signs, fee.

Penalties be sooner paid and (atisfied: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the Owner or OwnerB of such Dull, Dirt, Cinders or Aihes, horn carrying away the same for his, her or thrir own use, to be applied to any Manufactory of any such Owner or Owners, or to the man a ring of any Ground occupied by him, her or them.

XX V1. And be it further enacted, That if any Householder within the Limits of this Act shall by Writing under his or her Hand, to be left at the usual Place of Abode of the Surveyor or Inspector for the time being to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, make Complaint of any Defect of lighting or cleaning, or Want of Repair in the Pavement, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circuiles, Ways, Courts or other public Passages or Places, the said Surveyor or Id-fpettor in every such case shall inquire into and examine the Matter of Complaint and Report thereupon to such Commissioners at their next Meeting; and if by such Report it shall appear that the Pavement complained of is bad and defective, unless it shall arise from a Defect relating to the Water Pipes lying under such Pavement, the said lafi mentioned Commissioners shall give Notice to their Contrador or Pavior to repair the same within such time as the same Commissiooers shall judge necessary, which time shall be specified iu such Order; and if the Contrador or Pavior to whom such Order shall be given shall not repair and amend such Pavement within the time directed by such Order, he shall in every such case forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired after the time limited by such Order, and One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Inhabitant so making Complaint, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, to be applied by them for the Purjtofeb of this Act; and if it shall appear by such .Report that the Contract for cleaning or lighting shall not be duly performed, the said Commissioners lor executing this Act shall forthwith give Directions for recovering the Penalty under such Contract.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Signs, Sign Pods, Gutters and Screens, which now are, or at any time hereafter shall be placed against any of the Houses or other Buildings now erected or erecting, or hereafter to be erected or built within the several Strati, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Placet aforesaid, shall be fixed close to the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses and Buildings to which they shall respectively belong, and not otherwise, and that the respective Occupiers of any such Houses or Other Buildings as aforesaid, shall at their own Cham, within such time and in such manner as the said Commissioners (haS from time to time, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them (to be delivered to such respective Occupiers, or left at their respective Dwelling Houses) order and direct, cause all Signs which may belong to and shall not be fixed or placed upon such respective Houses or other Buildings in manner aforesaid, to be taken down and fixed or placed flat on the Fronts thereof, and all Signs, Irons, Sign Polls and other Posts, Pent Houses* Screens, Spouts, Steps, Shop Windows and Cellar Windows and other In-attachments, Obstructions, Projedions and Annoyances which may hereafter be made by any such Occupiers or other Persons, in, upon or near, or attached to any such respective Houses or other Buddings,

contrary

58° GEO. III.

C. 122.

'609

and the lame for many Yean, under an Appointment to the said mg made by Hi* present Majesty: And Whereas His Royal Mels The Prince Regent, in the Name and on the behalf of KjMajesty, purposes and intends to make a Grant of the said p, subject neverthelefe to such Regulations touching the Fees f Emoluments arising and to arise from the same, since such mcj as aforesaid, or received or to be received, or belonging he same, or under colour of belonging to the same, as may be light expedient: And Whereas also the Chief Baron of the said at of Exchequer, claiming the Right of appointing to the said ct, hath executed an Instrument purporting to appoint Waller ready Esquire to the said Office; and the said Waller 0*Grady h executed an Instrument purporting to appoint John Pollock inrc Chief or First Deputy Clerk of the Common Pleas of thp I Court of Exchequer; and hath also executed One other In* went purporting to appoint Joseph Farran Esquire to be sad Deputy Clerk of the Common Pleas of the said Court of chequer; and the said Waller 0*Grady and the said John Pollock e openly in the said Court taken the Oaths required by Law to taken by the Principal in the said Office, and by the Chief or rft Deputy respectively; and the said Joseph Farran bath also un the Oaths required by Law to be taken by the Second poty before the Chief Baron or One other of the Barons of the ! Court; and the said Waller 09Grady, John Pollock, and Joseph TOflyOrfomeorone of them, have or hath finceexecuted or assumed execute the Duties of the said Office, and received and taken all : % and pecuniary Profits thereof, by themselves or by certain other rfons in their Employment, and holding the Places or Situations .er mentioned under the Appointment of the said Waller 09 Grady, ibn Pollock and Joseph Farran, or some of One of them, that is say, Clerk of the Satisfactions and Plaintiffs Judgments Book, facer and Clerk of the Pleadings, Clerk of the Attachments, erk of the Rules, Clerk of the Writs and Clerk of the Alphabets: id Whereas a Suit hath been instituted to bring to a judicial eafion the Claim so made by the Chief Baron of the said Court: Exchequer, and the Right of appointing to the said Office, and her Saits may be instituted respecting the Right of a Grantee of ii Majesty to the said Office, or to the Fees and Emoluments Teof; and it is therefore just that the Fees and pecuniary Profits the said Office should be secured, for a time to be limited, iq nner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The fi Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent e Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present ament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within The Persont Days after the First Day of August in the present Year One herein mention* land eight hundred and sixteen, the said Waller 09Grady, John<} a"d ck and Joseph Farran, and the several Persons who shall from Tn

to time hold or be in the Places or Situations of Clerk of the uayS after ill faction* and Plaintiffs Judgments Book, Filacer and Clerk of August 1816. Pleadings, Clerk of the Attachments, Clerk of the Rules, Clerk deliver to Audi*«Writs and Clerk of the Alphabets, shall deliver and transmit to l°r Gene*1 Auditor General of the Exchequer of Ireland, at his Office in /in, One or more Account or Accounts, signed with their Names taken by them in their proper Handwritings respectively, wherein they shall, since the Deceasf 56 Geo. III. R r either of the Officer

626

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Damages to be assessed, in case of Dtfagree-mentSi by a Jury.

Sheriff, &c- empowered to ad. minister Oaths.

Witnesses examined on Oath.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissiooers of Pavement, Vestrymen, Trustees, Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Femes Covert, or any other Person or Persons interested in any Pavement, Rails, Oates, Lamp Polls or other Materials, or in any Ground or Hereditaments which the said Commissioners for executing this Act are hereby empowered to purchase, take and use for the Purposea of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premifet, or by reason of Absence or Disability shall be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or their Agents, for the Sale and Disposal thereof; or if such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested, cannot be found or knows, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises fb to be purchased, or to the Interect, he, (he or they shall respedwdr claim therein, to the Satisfaction of die said Commissioners, or if d*

Persons entitled to be compensated for any such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, shall not agree with the Commissioners for executing tkk Ad in regard thereto, then and in every or any such case, the Sberif of the said County of Middlesex, or his Under Sheriff, or the Higi Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster, or his Deputy, as the case may be; or in case such Sheriff or Under Sheriff, Higt Bailiff or his Deputy, shall be anyways interested in the Matter ia quell ion, then some of the Coroners of the said County, not intr-refted therein, shall, upon the Warrant of the said Commissiooai for executing this Act, to be issued in the manner hereinafter motioned, and he and they is and are hereby required and authorized to cause it to be inquired into and afeertaraed, upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Middle fat* or City and Liberty of Wefimlnjier % (which Oaths the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or Deputy, or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer, ) what Recompence and Sadl-fadion ought to be made to such Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, 'Trustees, Owners, Occupiers or other Person or Persons interested therein, for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, or for the Value of such Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp posts or other Ms-terials, Piece or Pieces of Ground or Hereditaments, and of tbf proportionable Value of the respective Estates and Interests of every Person or Persons seised or poftefied thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess and award tbt Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Commissioners of Fsw-ment, Vestrymen, Trustees or other Person or Persons respectiveij for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, for the Purchase of their respective Rights, Estates and Interests therein; and in order thereto, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required from time te time, as occasion shall require, to fununon and call before the find Jury and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons whoa-soever, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touching or concerning the Premifo (which Oath the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to administer); and fori Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner respedivdjr* shall Older and cause the said Jury to view the Materials or Places m question, if there be occasion, and ule all other lawful ways sad # 5*

mesas.

C.122.

1815.

sd GEO. til.

3kAid be it further enacted, That every Account, before the mC be fb delitered as aforesaid, shall be verified by each and Beloa whose Name shall be so subscribed thereto, by Affidavit Mwt thereof, to be sworn before One of the Barons of His ft Etchequer of Ireland, (which Oath any such Baron is authorized and required to administer, ) and which Affidavit Bte that the Account to which the same relates is a full, true K Account according to the Import thereof, to the belt of the ledge and Belief of the Person or Persons whose Name or Name* 6 fabscribed thereto.

And be it further enided, That each and every Person who Ifaei in such Account as aforesaid, or, jri any other manner Protifions of this A ft, (hill, within Three Days after the If such Affidavit, pay or cause to be paid into the Bank of to an Account to be kept in the Books of the said Bank, and fcrittiled, M In the Matter of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas Court of Exchequer, M the full Amount of all and every Sum ft* of Money which each and every Person shall in such Ac-. admit to have been so received by him, or by his Testator or In-fejOT by any Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons for his or by or under his Authority, or with his Privity or Permission, twfefahe, of any Person or Persons on his behalf, shall hive so Geffit; subject nevertheless to any such Deductfon as is herein-provided to be made from time to time.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person shall make such Affidavit as an Executor or Administrator be at liberty to add thereto a Statement of the Amount in value teAffetsof the Testator or Intestate which have come to his, her adr Hands or PoWer, and whether any and what Part thereof is ticstey at Bank Notes, and what is the Nature of such Part tof»ttStr not then be in Money of Bank Notes; and also a afttart of me Sum, if any paid thereout, for Funeral Expences; such Executor of Administrator shall thereupon bring into the Bank tfithin the said time, in Priority to.all other Demands, the nee cf so much of th£ said Assets as shall then be in Money of It Mites, after deducing what shall have been so paid for Funeral mces, and the Residue shall be a Debt recoverable by Extent in er hereinafter provided.

And be it further enacted, That if any of the Persons afore-fhaii resass, neglect or oftdt so to deliver in of verify such ant, or to make such Payment' thereon, then and in every such every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence t to His Majesty, his Heirs and Suc'cessors, the Slim of Five red Pounds Sterling; arid it shall and, may be lawful to and for aid Corirt of E)£chdqu£f, on Application <fuly made by His ly*i Attorney Genefal', to compel, by lummary. Order and hment, ahd Sequestration thereon, if necessary, the delivering ratifying of such' Account as aforesaid, at such tithe as such t (&Q1 <fire& arid' if at any time after Three Days from the; of the Affidavit at the root of any'Accouht fumished under this it iftatf be* ri&dt? appear to auy Baron of the Exchequer in by ah attlffted fcppy of such Account and by Affidavit, that >aa dud uhdifr' filth Account, whether so due by a Principal tty or Cleft, ok bf any Executor or Administrator, remains R r 2 unpaid,

Ml

Account to be verified on Oath before a Baron of the Exchequer*

All Sums admitted by such Accounts to have been received, to be paid into the Bank of Ireland to Account of the Clerk of the Pleas.

Proviso for Executors paying on account of their Telt stars, &c*

Refusing to deliver Account.

Penalty.

Delivery thereof may be compelled by Attachment, See.

Extent may be issued for compelling Payment of Sums due.

612

Money levied yrid into the Bank.

Money so paid into the Bank to be inverted in Government Securities.

deputies not compellable to

Ey into the ink any Money paid to W. O'Grady before passing of this Act.

Filfe Oaths* Perjury.

C. 122.

56° GEO. III.

Mil

Remuneration for discharging the Duties of ihoOflict.

Monty caid inn the Bank to re-main till Application provided lor by Parliament.

-unpaid, then such Baron shall immediately make an Order I Extent to levy the same as a Debt to the Crown, which Extol accordingly issue in the usual Form as against an original Debtof Executor or Administrator respectively; and the net Money thereon shall in like manner be paid into the said Bask i said Matter of the Office of Clerk of the Pleat in the Cm Exchequer.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Money whxlli paid into the said Bank to the Account in the said Mats i under the Orders of the said Court of Exchequer, be bdut in veiled in the Purchase of such Irish Government Stock uk Court shall" dire ft, to the Credit of the said Account is tk Matter; and the Interest of such Stock, and all Accmk thereon, shall, in like manner and under the like Orders, be time to time so laid out and invested.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That neither dr John Pollock, nor the said Joseph Farr an, nor any of the Cg hereinbefore mentioned shall, nor shall any of them be oooopfl compellable under the Provisions of this Act, to pay into del Bank any Sum or Sums of Money, on any of the Accocft A said, which at any time before the passing of this Act flail be! bona fide paid by the said John Pollock or Joseph Farm, of bjr 1 of the said Clerks respectively, to the said Waller WGrdj, 9any Person or Persons by his Authoilty, but the WWrWb shall be compellable so to pay the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if anyM»M*« such Affidavit as aforesaid swear any thing false, he U, onbaa convicted thereof, he adjudged guilty of wilful and compthq*! and Proof of the Hand Writing of the Person by rittuati Affidavit shall purport to have been sworn, and of the Perfci Persons by whom the same shall purport to have been stf aforesaid, and of his or their having at the time mqsiwta reputed to fill the Office or Offices by virtue of which At lad On shall purport to have been administered by him, shall bioM sufficient Proof that the same was so duly fwora, odB conclusive thereof against any Person who shall have so foW the same.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and saf

lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Gownior or V vernors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time to athl and permit the Persons who for the time being shall a&uallr oai exercise and discharge the Duties of the said Office of Ckrk of Pleas, to dedu& out of the Payments so required to be mrifi the Bank of Ireland as aforesaid, or after such Payments Uk been made into the said Bank, to receive and to be pul such Sum or Sums of Money as shall by the bud Lord Lww*£ deemed a sufficient and adequate Remuneration to fuchfri* discharging the Business and Duties of the said Office, der the Salaries and Allowances of the Under Clerks the«lM and defraying the Expences of the said Office. J

o XI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums which Ml kj paid into the said Bank of Ireland, under the Prorifionj of this Ij shall, notwithstanding the Expiration dr Repeal of this Act, m in the said Bank untu Provision shall be made by some other

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.128.

1 which Case no Costs, Charges or Expences, shall be allowed to either No Costs.

1 Party as against the other; and alt Costs, Charges and Expences Costs directed t*: hereby direaed to be paid to the said Commissioners for executing he paid to Com-

this Act, shall and may be deducted and retained by them out of the missionen to b«

- Money so adjudged or assessed to be paid by them, as so much Money r*la, ned h7 advanced to and for the Use of the Person and Persons entitled to Mo^eyaflcfled

1 such Money so adjudged, and Payment or Tender of the Remainder to them; k of such Money shall be deemed and taken to be a Payment or Tender > of the whole Sum or Sums so adjudged or assessed; or in case no or if in Money Money, or no sufficient Sum of Money shall be awarded or assessed swarded them*

- to be paid by the said Commissioners, whereout such Costs, Charges covered at ? and Expences can be deducted, then the same shall and may be re- Penallw*-

covered by such Ways and Means as are hereinafter provided for the Recovery of Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by this Act imposed or authorized to be imposed. i XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Judgments Verdiaitob# i and Verdicts shall be recorded in the Office of the Auditor of His recorded. Majesty's Land Revenue arising in the County of Middlesex; and a Minute or Docket thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and all such Judgments and Verdicts shall be afterwards deposited with the Clerk or the Peace of the said County of Middlesex, to be kept and preserved by him amongst the Records of the r Quarter Sessions of the said County, and shall be deemed to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the same, paying for such Inspection the Sum df One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or Tender Power to enter of the Sum or Sums of Money, Recompence and Satisfaction, which and take PofTef-shall be agreed for, awarded or assessed as aforesaid, to the Parties

or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, Treasurer payment'or or Treasurers, the said Commissioners of Pavement, Vestrymen, Tender of Pur-Trustees or other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or chafe Money. Collegiate, interested in such Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp Posts and other Materials, Ground and Hereditaments, shall from thenceforth be diveiled of all Right* Title, Claim, . Interest and Property therein or thereunto, and the same shall thenceforth be veiled in the said Commissioners for executing this Act, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin and Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates,

Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands, and the same shall and may be at any time thereafter made use of and employed according to the Directions of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, for any of the Purposes of this Act, and under the Regulations herein contained.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Property of and in all Property of

the Pavements of the Carriageways and Footways, and also the Ballast PaJe7l.en!J*kCm or Gravel to be brought or laid in the said several Streets, Squares, 0m"

Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public Pafiages and Places, already

or hereafter to be let out or made within the Limits aforesaid, and

S s 3 of

45 C.3.C.118.

46 0.3. c. 104.

47 G. 3. Sett 1. c.3*.

4* 0-3- c-95-49 G. 3. e. 98. Sch. (A.) Ctwft-wife.

45 G.3. so far as relates to Coals being brought by the Canal, ami 49 G.3. c.98. respetting the Duty, further continued.

1G. r. sut. % . c.3.

C. 124, its. Sfr IIL

ot Aueu/t One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, until tkl

Day ot August One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

4 IL Aria Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Tl:

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for dU

under certain RefriBions, until tie First Day of August (hd

/and eight hundred andJtx9 the bringing a limited Quantity

4 Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland AVdJ

certain Duties were imposed on all Coals, Culm or Cindm*! 4 along the Grand JunBion or Paddington Canals nearer to IM 4 than the Stone or Pod thereby required to be erected d 4 gained, on or near to the Towing Path of the bid G/WJm 4 Canal, at or near the North Ealt Point of prove Pari, AM 4 tiguoua to the \5rharf then in the Po Hellion and Occupatoi A ' Ead of Clarendon: And Whereas the Amount of the (aid111

was altered* by Tmnee A As of the Forty sixth, Forty faUM 4 Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty: m 4 Whereas by Schedule A. annexed to an Act pafed in tbH 4 ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Ae 4 for repealing the federal Duties; of Custoqu chargeable

4 Britain, and far granting, other. Duties in lint thereof other Mi

are imposed in lieu thereof upon the said limited Quantity of & 4 Culm and Cinders, under the Conditions, Remdariou adS 4.ftridions of the said firXt recited Act: And Wham tkM 4 recited Acts were further continued by Three Act d tfclv 4 firih, Fifty thir^ and Fifty fifth Years of HisprefeM^W 4 the First. Day of August One thousand eight hundred«d nit 4 And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts Wft Vital*

4 continued ; Be it therefore enacted. That the said firiitdadH of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majdj.htal the same relates to the Conditions, Regulations sad Itknbm uuder which the said limited Quantity of Coals, Cub id Cta* may be brought within One Year by thf said QrandidSmwh Paddington Canals nearer to London than the said Stone tf M*l the said recited Act of the .Forty ninth Year of Hit regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thertoa sa* Appropriation thereof, shall be and the same are hereby farther tinued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hoadrtdtf seventeen.

CAP. CXXV.

An. Act fot thg more effectual Puniftimeijt of ^dbps deftroj^ing or damaging Bpildjngsj Engines and MachiufW used in ap'd about Collj^ri^s anfj, other Mines, fridges, apd ouiejr Worlds, uijed in conveying, ana Coals and other Minerals.; 5^4; foi; enabling tkfo*

fkjch Property to recover Damages for the Injun ii4a» ,

WHEREAS an Act pattern % First Year of tl*M

His Majesty Ring Geprge the'First, inti'tuW- A MM

9 O- 3* e.9.

AJX1816,

56° GEO. 111.

C.128,

Ml

in or upon Stone, Wood or otherwise, and to be fixed in a conspicuous Pant of One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner or Entrance of such Streets, Squares, Cir-cufles, Ways and Courts, and other public Passages and Places, the Name by which each respective Street, Square, Cireus, Lane, Way,

Court, Yard, Mews, Passage and Place, is to be properly called or known, in such manner as they shall judge moil proper for distinguishing the same; and if any Person /nail wilfully break, throw down, Damaging taJce away, spoil or damage any Watch House or Watch Box, Lamps Watch House, or any or the Irons, Posts or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully ex- LamP*»c-tinguiih the Light of any such Lamp, or deface or obliterate any such Name or Number, or any Part thereof, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and Penalty, the other Moiety to the Commissioners acting under and by virtue of this Act, to be by them applied for the Purposes thereof; and such Offender shall also pay to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, such Sum of Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damage so done; and in cale Carelessly da-any Person shall carelessly, negligently or accidentally break, throw m*6IUS Lamps down, or otherwise spoil or damage any of the said Lamps, or the &c*

Irons, Posts or other Furniture thereof, and shall not, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middle/ext or the City of WeJbninAery upon Proof thereof made by the Oath of any credible Witnenes, or on the Confession of the Party, to award such Sum of Money byway of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice shall think reasonable, not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Lamp, Penalty.

Lamp Iron, or Lamp Post, or in default of Payment thereof, upon Demand, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the DiftreTa.

Goods and Chattels of the Person who (hau have done such Damage, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels upon Demand.

XXL And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every Persons to House and Tenement now erected or to be erected within the Limits (Weep the Pool-. of this Act, shall once in every Day, before the Hour of Ten of opposite the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape, sweep and cleanse, or cause to be feraped, swept and cleansed, the Footway all along °nce a ay' and opposite to the whole Front and Flank Wall, if any, of his, her or their respective Houses or Tenements, or in default thereof every such Occupier shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Penalty. Shillings; and if any such House or Building be let furni(hea or in separate Apartments to Inmates, then and m every such case, the Person or Persons so letting the same shall, for the Purpose aforesaid, be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissioners for executing this Act shall, and they are hereby authorized and may Water empowered, to cause all or any of the Streets, Squares, Circusses, Sti: ccl1-Ways, Courts, Passages and public Places within the Limits of this Act, to be watered when they or any of their Surveyors for the time being shall think proper, and for that Purpose to cause such Number of Wells and Pumps to be dug, funk and made in any of the said Walk may |>c Stracts. Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, as dut*

S 4 they

616

56* GEO. lit.

trite* of unlawful Aflerabliei; and after sustaining Damage, to give Notice within Two Days after to some fnhabitanti of Town, Ac*

Sh.

Examinations Upon Oath to be had before a Justice withih Four Days as to a Knowledge of the Offenders.

l i mitation of Act ion for Damages.

In Scotland No* tice to be given to Sheriff, dec.

C. 125, 126.

LM

or Peffona who is or arc the Owner or Proprietor or Owe Proprietors of any of the Engines, Works, Buildings, or Property hereinbefore particularly specified, shall, as foooo a veniently may be after such unlawful Assembly shall tike pbc himself or themselves, or by his or their Servants, give or cade given due Notice and Information of such Assembly having place, to some or one of the nearest Magistrates, and to the Cos or some one of the resident Housekeepers of the Towns, Yin Hamlets near to the Place where any such Assembly kS I place; and that no Person or Persons shall be enabled to rrtwf Damages by virtue of this Act, unless he or they (haD hut i such Notice and Information as aforesaid, by himself or tko or by his or their Servants, within Two Days after such Daoq Injury done him or them by any such Offender or Offenders#! said, f shall give Notice of such Offence done and commtifti some of the Inhabitants of some Town, Village or Hamlet nori the Place where any such Fad shall be committed; and(haSoi Four Days after such Notice give in his or their Eximiutiaq Oath, or the Examination upon Oath of his, her or their Sam Servants, that had the Care of his, her or their Property herrioM specified, so destroyed or damaged as aforesaid, before m Jd of the Peace of the County, Liberty or Division where iodfi shall be committed, inhabiting within the said Hundred where i said Fad shall happen to be committed, or near atfo the fm whether he or they do know the Person or Personi tlat anoite such Fad, or any of them; and if upon such Exauatn ft h confessed that he or they do know the Person or Perfowikm mitted the said Fad, or any of them, that then he or they so cos fefling shall be bound by Recognizance to prosecute such Of odes ( Offenders, ' by Indictment or otherwise, according to tie Lair o/ti Realm s Provided also, that no Person who shall fufbin ujDttag by Reason of any Offence to be committed by any Offender natal] to this Act, shall be thereby enabled to sue or bring asy Adim against any Inhabitants of any Hundred where such Offence feaSib committed, except the Party or Parties sustaining such Dznxp commence his or their Action or Suit within One Year next h such Offence shall be committed: Provided nevertheless, tha: tl Notice hereby required may and shall be given in Scotland to tl Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Substitute of the County or Stwrc where such Fad shall happen to be committed, in order tbt iu Measures may be taken as the Law of Scotland preferibes in k cases*

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to artend in Act of he Fifty third Year of Hip sent Majesty, for the Relief of Ihfolvent Debtors in

4 Yl/HEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty third Year oCttsJ 4 present Majesty's Reign, intituled jfn A8fir tie titty 4 Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, and it is expedient to amend the bid I*Ad, and to distinguish between the cases of such Insolvent Debttnft 4 who shall have been guilty of gross Injustice toward* their Crei* 4 tors, and the cases of those who shall not bare To conduced them*

4 selves ;

68S

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO, III. a 138.

Breach or Non Performance of such Contract, and all Costs, Charges and Expences that shall be occasioned thereby.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons For preventing (other than the Person or Persons contrafting with the said Com- Arhe* being missioners for executing this Act, for cleanfirig the Streets, Squares, tjke" a*lay Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places under their^contra&ar Direction, or those employed under such Contraftor or Contraftors) for cleaning, shall on any Pretence whatsoever go about to collect or gather, or shall ask for, receive or carry away any Dust, Dirt, Cinders or Ashes, from any House or other Premises in any Street, Square, Cireus,

Way, Court, or other public Passage or Place under the Management of such Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to alhft in seizing the Offender or Offenders, together with the Horses, Carts, Wheelbarrows or other Carriages or Implements made use of for carrying away the same, and, by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey him, her or them before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City of Westminster* and such Justice shall, and he is hereby authorized to examine upon Oath the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender or Offenders, and any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Partie's shall be convicted of going about to collect or gather, asking for, receiving or carrying away any Dust, Dirt, Cinders or Ashes, from any House or other Premises in any Street, Square, Cireus, Terrace, Road, Highway or other public Passage or Place under the Management of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, not being the Person or Persons so controlling with such Commissioners, or acting under his or their Authority, he, (he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, an^ One Moiety penaky. of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety to the said last mentioned Commissioners; and if such Offender or Knot paid/ Offenders shall not immediately on Conviction pay the said Penalty Horset, Caxf, or Penalties, such Justice is hereby required to direct such Horses, fe, ted an* Carts, Wheelbarrows or other Carriages or Implements which shall 10*have been so seized to be appraised and fold; and after deduding out of the Monies to arise by such Sale, the Penalty or Penalties incurred, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, the Overplus thereof shall be returned to the Party or Parties whose Horses or other things shall be appraised and fold; and in case there shall have been no such Seizure as aforesaid, and if no Seizor if the Horses, and other things which shall be so appraised and ure»or* fold, shall not produce a sufficient Sum of Money to pay the said w

Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, then if such Offender n y^or Offenders shall not immediately upon Conviction pay the Penalty or Penalties, or such Part or Parts of the said Penalty or Penalties,

Charges and Expences which shall remain over and above the Produce of the Horses and other things so seized and fold, then such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Imprisonment. MiddLfcxt or City of lVeJhninJlcr % there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Forty Days, unleia such Penalty or

Penalties

ation of Small Coals.

C. 127.

GEO. III*

Ml

Cods not ad* mittadto Entry, unless Certificate produced of Quantity, snd that they have patted through a Riddle or Screen of certain Di-

in any Part thereof be more than Three eighth Parti of asunder, shall, under the Conditiona and Regulations heretmfk tioned, cease and determine; and that from and after the £ Da y of July One thousand eight hundred and fizteeo, ia li instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall he nifed, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and 8ucctflbn the Exportation from Great Britain to Foreign Parti of»which shall hare been fereened through a Riddle or Sami of which not being in any Part thereof more than The < Parts of an Inch sounder, and stamped in the manner beremfl racted, such and the Hke Duties and no other, as are on charged and payable on Culm exported from Great Brk Foreign Parts.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That»whatever shall be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Da and payable am Culm under the Provisions of this Act, a Certificate under the Hand of an Owner or Proprietor of tb or Pit from which such Conk shall have been raised, or of th cipal and known Agent of such Owner or Proprietor, (nil livered to the Collector of the Custome at the Port ofr — '

Mine Owners to provide Riddles or Screens, to be ftsmped is Commissioners (bill direct.

Riddles to ba ftsmped.

Coals of a larger Sise, on Exportation, charged with Duty as heretofore.

Shipping Coals of s larger Di-mension, &c. at reducsd.Duty.

which Certificate shall specify the real Quantity of Cod io to 1 mitted to Entry, and that all such Coals have adua % pidda a Riddle or Screen of the Dimensions hereinbeforeMH \ which Riddle or Screen slammed as by this Act dinfel; ok fi Certificate shall also contain the Name and RefldesttdtkQw or Proprietor of such Coals, with the Descriptron of fcSnris the Mine or Pit from which such Coals were raised.

III. And be R further enacted. That the OwwraOn Proprietor or Proprietors of any Coal Pit or Mine fn» may be intended to ship for Exportation any Coals of dr Sat Dimensiona hereinbefore described, shall at his or their fy*] vide er cause tx> be provided such a Number of Riddles or Sere of the Dimensions hereinbefore described as shall be nw&T sufficient for the Purpose of ascertaining that the Corn te to be shipped are of the Dimensions required by this Act »^ to entitle them to be exported to Foreign Parts on Piyowt Duty as Culm: Provided always, that all such Riddles or Sc shall be stamped in such manner as the Commissionen of the C« in England and Scotland refspectively, or any Three or more of shall from time to time direct; such Stamps to be prettied affixed at the Expence of the Owners or Proprietors of the! or Bite from which such Coals* shall be intended to be lip; Provided always, that all Coals being of a larger Site or Da float than ia hereinbefore mentioned and described, (W ootbeP portation thereof from Great Britain be charged with tWjty* Cask so exported, in such and the likr manner ia every refpw this Act bad not been made.

IV. Provided always, and bt' it: further enacted, Tta Coak shall ba entered or dripped for Exportation to FompJ^| on which the Dnty payable os Culm shall bare been paid Provisions of this Act, which shall be of: larger Dhaenfios th» lkmmd by this Act to be so entered, or whkh (bifl mt hist thrangh a ftanaped Riddle or Screen of the Descriptttety tha diwfted to bw ufod, the Owner or PropviHW «Wf MW

Vt*16l

w cream,

am.

id

jfeperfon who in his behalf signed the Certificate hereby re- to be delivered to the Collector of the Customs at the time ilntry of any such Coals, and the Person entering or shipping M Coals, shall be subject and Eable to a Penalty of Ten Pbunas Penalty.

By Chaldron, Nmocqfile Measure, of such Coals so improperly I or shipped.

|And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer or Offi- Officer to attend

the Customs at the Port where any Coals shall be eniesed ftrsening of

ffigmrtation to Foreign Parts on Payment of the Duty as Calm, CoBB enUr, <1'

ashen ever and as often as it conveniently can be done, attend

Bcrtening of any Coals so entered*and in any case when he If unable to at-

have not been able so to attend* the Owner or Proprietor or tied* han*y

pper of such Coals shall, whenever required by any stich Offi- cau£the Coait

kue any such Coals to be refcreened in the Presence of such

W or Officers; and if it shall appear that such Coals or any

ereof are not of the Dimensions required by this A A, or

1st passed through the Screen described and dhre^bed by this

m be used, the Owner or Proprietor of such Coals, and the

Iwbo may have signed the Certificate required by this Act to

Bvmd to the CofifeAor of the Customs, Thall be ftbje& and

mthe Penalties directed by this Act. Ptnakies.

I And be it further enacted, That dip Duties by this Act im- Duties how fall be managed, afoertained, raised, levied* collected, paid and levied, wed, in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs, of rKature are managed, ascertained, raffect, levied, Qpllfe&ed, paid covered, and under and subject to the foveral Powers, Con-ja, Regulations, ReftriAiona, penalties and Forfeitures now in ft fa. tetoiion to or made for fequripg the Revenue of Customs in m Brkajm, and all Pains, Penalties, pines and1 Forfeitures for MDiences whatever committed against or in breach of any Ait ids of Parliament in foroe on or immediately before the passing k AA, made for fequring the Revenue of Customs or for the pkion or Improvement thereof, and1 the sevend Clauses, Powers Iftrections therein contained, shall be in foil1 For.ce and Effect Ifo laid Duties, as folly and effectually to all Intents and Pur-bnif they were at large repeated and reenacted in this Act.

H And be it further enaAe*), That all* Monies from time to Application of I arising from the said Duties (the neqefljuy Charges of raising Duties, laccounting for the same respectively excepted) ftlall from time pine be paid into the Receipt of Ilfs Majesty's Exchequer at w*n£er, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same man*

I* the Du ties on Culto exported from Great Britain ant direAtd k appropriated and applied.

636

C.188

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

&€. to projt€t over Footwiyi under certain Regulations.

CommtlBonert may authorize Projections, Virandas, &c.

rize and permit the building or ere6ting and making of any Portico*, Arcades and other covered Ways, projecting from any Buildings or Houses, which shall or may be built on tl\e Sides of the said New Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts, Passages or Places, extending over any Footways of the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Way8, Courts, Passages and Places, provided the same do not obstruct or incommode the Foot Passengers, and that the Footways under the same be at lead Nine Feet broad in the Clear between the Columns, Piers or other Supports of such Porticos, Colonades, Arcades or other covered Ways, in the new Street leading from Pall Mail to the New Road, and Six Feet broad at the lead in the other Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, and the raising of the Areas of the Houses or other Buddings before which the same are placed; and provided such Colonades, Arcades, Porticos and covered Ways, be built of Stone, Brick or Metal, or Stucco or Cement laid on Brick or Stone, except the Joids and Bearers which form the Covering over the said Footpath, which may be of Wood, covered with Plaster or Stucco or other uninflammable Composition, and so as that all such Porticos, Colonades, Arcades and other covered Ways, shall be made in such manner, and upon such Plans, and of such Dimension8, as shall be ordered and directed or authorized and allowed by the said Commissioners in that behalf; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Houses or Buildings in the Cities of London or Westminster to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act to authorize and permit the erecting or making, or continuing or suffering to remain, the Fronts of any Houses or Buildings in the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, in such manner as that some Fronts may recede behind or advance before others, and with Bow Windows or other Proje&ions, and with Virandas, Alcoves, Balconies, Piladers, Columns and Shop Windows, or other Projections; provided that no Front of any such House or Building, or any such Viranda, Alcove, Balcony, Pilader, Column or Shop Window, or other Projections, advance beyond the Area of the House or Building to which it shall belong, and that the same be built of Stone, Brick, Metal or Stucco, or other Cement laid on Brick or Stone, except Shop Windows, with their Shutters and Decorations, which may be of Wood; any thing in any Act or Act of Parliament relating to Buildings or Houses, or Bow Windows, or other Projections to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And Whereas the Avenues to and from the Opera

House, and the Accommodation of the Public referring thereto,

4 will be greatly improved, if the whole of the said Building is forrounded with a Stone or Iron Colonade, extending over the Footpaths in Pall Mally Charles Street, the Hay Market and Market 4 Lane; to effect which it will be necessary to dop up so much of

Market Lane as extends from Pall Mall to Charles Street, as a

Street or Way for Carriages, and to convert it into an open

Arcade or covered Way: And Whereas the whole of the Houses 4 on the Wed Side of that Part of Market Lane required to be 4 (topped up being already taken down, and the Eait Side thereof

being appropriated to the Opera House, no Carriage Road is 4 required m that Part of Market Lane Be it therefore enacted,

That

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

c.m

637

That it shall be lawful for the said Commissionerg for executing this M«ket Street Act to flop up so much of Market Lane as lies between Pall Mall m>.y rnad# and Charles Street, and abutting East on the Opera House, as a Car- on y a riage Way, and to make and pave the same as a Way for Foot Passengers only; and it shall also be lawful for such Commissioners to inclose the same at each End with Iron Gates, to be open at all times to the Occupiers of the Houses on each Side of the Footway, but (hut to the Rest of the Public at such Hours or times as the said last mentioned Commissioners shall order and direct in that behalf; and Union Court also wholly to stop up, (hut and dose the small Court called Union m*y b tout up. Court, leading out of the Hay Market into the Opera House, at or near the South End of the Opera House.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall run, Occafiania* drive or place, or cause to be run, driven or placed any Coach, Car- Nuifcnct*. riage or Waggon, Dray, Truck, Sledge, Wneelbarrow or any Carriage whatsoever, upon or over any of the Foot Pavements within

the Limits of this Act, or shall wilfully ride, drive or lead any Horse or other Bead or Cattle, along or upon any of the said Foot Pavements, or shall within any Street, Square, Cireus, Terrace, Road or Highway, or other public Passage or Place within the Limits of this Act, (laugliter, dress or cut up any Swine or other Beast, or hoop, cleanse or feald any Calk, or hew or saw any Stone, Wood or Timber, or bind or make the Wheel of any Carriage, or (hoe or bleed, dress or farry (except in cases of Accident) any Horse or other Beast, or drive any Carriage or Carriages for the Purpose of breaking any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or ride any Horse, Mare or Gelding for the Purpose of airing or exercising the same, or for trying or shewing the same for Sale in any such Street, Square, Cireus, Terrace, Road,

Highway or public Passage (otherwise than by passing through the same), or set, place or expose to Sale any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, either in the Footway or Carriageways belonging or to belong to any of the said Streets, Squares, Circufles, Terraces, Roads, or Highways or other public Passages or Places, every Person so offending in any such case shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and also that if any Penalty. Person or Persons shall fist, fereen or (lack any Lime (except within such Hoard or Inclosure as hereinafter is mentioned) in any such Street, Square, Cireus, Terrace, Road or Highway, Passage or -Place, or cause the same to he so done, he and they shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence. Penalty.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Hoard* may be herein contained shall hinder or prevent any Person from erecting or cre^ed* building any Hoard or other thing by way of Inclosure, for the

Purpose of making Mortar, or depositing Bricks or Stone, or making or working up any Lime, Sand or other Materials for making, building, altering or repairing any House, Wall or other Building, within the Limits of this Act, or lubjeft him to any* Penalty on account thereof; but so nevertheless, as that every such Person shall previously have and obtain a Licence for that Purpose, under the Hand of the Surveyor to the said Commissioners; which Licence such Sur- Lictnct. veyor is hereby required forthwith to grant to any Person applying for the same, and for which he shall receive the Sum of One Shilling, Fee. and no more; which Licence shall specify the Length and Breadth of every such Hoard} and the time it is to continue for such Purposes

as

a 128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Penalty.

Leaiing Carriagee,c.

Throwing Dust, &c. into the Streets. Exception.

Penalty.

CommiflGoners may remove Dust, &c. laid in Street, and charge Expences on Person laying the same there

Dirt not to be swept into any Common Sewer, or within a certain DifUnce of any Gutter or Channel.

at aforesaid; and if any Person shall ere£t any Hoard or Indofure of greater Dimensiont than shall be specified in, or shall suffer such Hoard or Inclosure to remain for any longer time than shall be allowed by such Licence, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any' Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day of Twenty four Hours that such Hoard or Inclosure, or any Part thereof, shall be continued, after Notice shall have been given by the Surveyor to take down and remove the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage shall be left to (land or remain in any of the Dud Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts or other public Passages or Places, with or without Horses, for any longer time than shall be necessary for the loading and unloading thereof; or if any Stage Coach, Post Chaise, or other Carriages let to hiye, shall be left to (Land or remain in any such Street, Square, Cireus, Way, Court, Pafiage or Place, with or without Hones, for any longer time than shall be reasonable and necessary for taking up or fettmg down Passengers, for loading or unloading their Baggage or other Loading (except for Repair in case of Accident); or if any Hackney Coach or Hackney Chariot shall stand therein in order to procure Fares or obtain Hire, or longer than shall be reasonable and necessary for taking up or setting down Passengers; or if any Horse or other Cattle shall be suffered to Hand at the Door or House of any Person, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any of the said Footways; or if any Timber, Bricks, Stones, Wood, Goods or other thing, shall be laid or placed and left to remain in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts or other public Paflag; es or Places, for any longer time than shall be necessary for removing or houffag the same; or if auy Dung or Allies (except in time of Frost) or any Duff, Dirt or other Nuisance or Annoyance* shall be thereon caff or laid iq any of the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts or other public Passages or Places, and suffered to remain for any longer time than shall be, necessary for removing the same, then and in every such case the Owner or Driver of every .such Carriage, and the Owner of such Timber or other things as aforesaid, and the Person who shall throw, caff or lay any Dnng, Allies, Duff, Dirt or other Nuisance or Annoyance as aforesaid, or otherwise offend in the Premises, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and if any such Timber or other things, or such Dung, Allies, Duff, Dirt or other Nuisance or Annoyance, shall be suffered to remain in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts or other public Passages or Places, longer than shall be necessary as aforesaid, the Surveyor to be employed by the said Commissioners is hereby authorized and empowered to cause the lame to be removed to such Place as he shall think proper, and the Expence thereof shall be paid by the Person liable to the Payment of the said Penalty, and shall and may, in case of Non Payment on Demand, be recovered in a like manner as any Penalty is hereby authorized and directed to be recovered.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Scavenger or other Person shall sweep, rake or place, or cause to be swept, raked or placed, any of the Mud, Dirt, Dust, Allies, Filth or Soil, to be found iu any of the said Streets, Squares, Circuffes or other.pub-lic Passages or Places, or brought therein into, any Common Sewer,

Dram

A.D. 1816.

56 GEO. III.

C. 128.

639

Drain or Tunnel thereunto belonging; but every such Person shall place, sweep or rake the same together, so as to He at the Distance of Ten Feet at the least from each of the Grates belonging or to be placed over such Common Sewers, Drains or Tunnels, and at the Distance of Three Feet at the least from the Channel, where the Width of the Street, Lane or Place will admit thereof; and that no Person shall use or employ any Cart or other Carriages, in or about the cleansing or watering any of the said Streets, Squares, Circufies,

Ways, Courts or other Passages or Places, or in carrying any Dirt,

Duit, Cinders or Ashes out of the same, unless the Fellies of the Wheels of such Cart or other Carriage shall be of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches at the least; and if any Person shall offend in any of the cases aforesaid, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Penalty Moiety thereof to go and be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the said Commissioners.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall begin Regulation as t# to empty any Privy, or to take or carry away any Night Soil, or N,ht^bring or place any Carts for removing the same, from any House,

Place or Building, already erected, now eroding or hereafter to be eroded, built or made within the Limits of this Act, before the Hour of Twelve in the Night, or shall continue to take away the same after the Hour of Five in the Morning, between Michaelmas and Lady Day, or after the Hour of Four in the Morning, between Lady Day and Michaelmas, and that no Person shall put or call, or cause to be put or cast, any such Night Soil out of any Cart, Tub or otherwise, within the Limits of this Act; and if any Person shall offend herein, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof to go Penalty, and be paid to the Informer.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons contracting Scavengers* with the said Commissioners for executing this Act, for cleansing the Duty, said Streets, Squares, Circufies, Ways, Courts and other public Passages or Places as aforesaid, shall once in every Fourteen Days,

or oftener if such Commissionera shall so direct, between the Hours of

Three in the Morning and Eight in the Evening, attend in all and

every the Streets, Squares, Chrcusses, Ways, Courts and other public

Passages and Places within the Limits of this Act, and shall give One

Day's Notice at least in Writing to the Surveyor to such Commif- Notice by Ski-

fioners, specifying the particular Day in every Week when they are venger toSur-

to attend in each of the said respective Streets, Squares, Circufies, veyor'

Ways, Courts, pubHc Passages or Places, for the Purposes afore* said, of which the said Surveyor shall in any Entry make a Book, and such Surveyor shall on that Day insped the said Streets and other Places, to fee if the Work is properly performed, and shall make an entry thereof in the same Book; and the Person so con-trading shall also, upon the Request of any of the Inhabitants, or their Servants or Lodgers, go into all trad every the Houses and other Places where any Dirt, Dust, Cinders or Ashes shall be depo-sited, and take and carry away the same; and if any Person so oonr tracting, or any of the Persons to be employed by him, shall nc-gled or refuse lo to do, he shall forfeit and pay for erery Neglect Peiuky. or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, One Moiety

whereof

6M

C.128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Regulations for repairing Water Pipes.

Neglect in repairing Pipes and Pavement.

Penalty.

Notice to Surveyor to relay Parement.

And to repair Parement. Penalty. Neglecting to acquaint Contractor with Notice.

whereof shall be paid to the Person complaining, and the other Moiety be applied for the Purposes of this

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Pipe belonging or to belong to any of the Water Companies who now furnish or shall hereafter fumi(h any of the Inhabitants within the Limits of this Act with Water, shall happen to burst cr be out of Repair, in any of the Streets, Squares, Circusses, Wap, Courts, Passages or Places within the Limits of this Act, the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any other Person or Persons to be by them appointed for that Purpose, shall forthwith cause the Pavement to be taken up, and open the Ground at or near the Place where the Water (haM or may issue by reafos of the bursting or breaking of any such Pipe; and when, upoa taking up the Pavement and opening the Ground, it shall appear xe what Water Company such Pipe shall belong, then the Surveyor of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or such other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, shall give Notice to the Pavior of such last mentioned Company, or leave the same at his last or ufnal Place of Abode; and the Pavior of the Company to whom fad Pipe shall belong is hereby required to repair or cause to be repaired such Water Pipe, and to fill in the Ground over the same, is such manner as the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for executisg this Alt for the time being shall direct, within Two Days next after such Notice shall be so given or left as aforesaid; and in case the Pavior to the Company to whom such defective Pipe shall belong, shall refuse or neglect to amend or repair such Pipe, and fill in tie Ground, in such manner as the said Surveyor shall diredfc as afbre^ said, for the Space of Two Days next after such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Person guilty of such Neglect shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and par any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any Pipe (other than such as shall belong to any such Water Company) shall happen to break or burst in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts, Passages or Places, the Owner or Owners thereof shall cause the Ground to be opened, and such Pipe to be repaired, withia the time hereinbefore respectively limited for such Purposes, and also shall forthwith give Notice to the Surveyor of the said Commissiooeri for executing this Act, or such other Person or Persons so appointed by them as aforesaid, to relay the Pavement so broken or taken up, on pain of forfeiting for every such Neglect or Refusal any Sum not Exceeding Forty Shillings; or if any Pavement shall be broken or taken up by the Commissioners of Sewers, or any other Person or Persons, for the Purpose of making, repairing or altering any Sewer or Drain, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, the Surveyor for the time being to such Commissioners of Sewers, or any other Perkin or Persons so breaking or taking up the said Pavement, shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Paving ContraAor or Contractors, appointed or employed by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, to relay or repair the Pavement so broken or taken up as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Neglect or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and if the said Surveyor to or for whom such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid (Kail neglect or refuse to acquaint the Paving Contra&or or Cos traders appointed by the bid Commissioners for executing this Act,

yrith

56* GEO. II!.

A.D. 1816.

C. 128.

641

tic

' with such Notice, or if such Contrador or Contra&ors shall not,

' within Two Days next after such Notice from such Surveyor or 'other Person or Persons respectively, relay or repair the same, then and in every such case the Person or Persons so respectively offending shall for ev^ry such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and the farther Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Penalty.

Day such Pavement shall continue without being relaid or repaired, after the Expiration of the said Two Days.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Pave- Pavement taken ment of any of the said Streets, Squares, Chrcufles, Paflaget, Way*, for r£PairinC Courts or Places shall be taken up for the Purpose of laying, altering be^kj.Pe*'l° or repairing any Water Pipe or Plug, the said Pavement shall with

all convenient Speed be reiaid and repaired by the Pavior or Paviors contracting with ot employed by the said Commissioners for executing this Act; and the Expence, of talcing up, relaying and repairing such Pavement, shall he borne and paicf by the Company or Companies, Person of Persons to whom such Pipe- or PI tig shall belong; but if for the Purpose* of this Act it shall at any time be found necessary to rife, fink or qtherwife alter the Pofitfcm of any of the Pipes or Plugs land down Or placed by any of the said Companies, or to alter any Sewers, Drains, Gully Holes or Grates, within the limits of this Act, the same shall be done with as little* Detriment or Inconvenience to the Company or Companies, Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, as the Circumstances of the case wifi admit of; and the Expence thereof shall bfe defrayed by thf said last mentioned Commissioners, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act. '*

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the, Person or Persons Pavior* and who now is or are, or shall hereafter be appointed Pavior or Paviors^

Turncock or Turncocks to the said respective Water Companies f^ir Abodes go within the Limits of this Act, shall and they are hereby required, Survey*, within the Space of Forty Days after the passing of this Act, or

within the Space of Seven Days next after ne or they shall be appointed Pavior or Paviors, Turncock or Turncocks to such Company or Companies, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, for the time being, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be by them appointed for that Purpose, which Notice shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of every such Pavior or Turncock, as also to what Company he is a Pavior or Turncock and in what District'he has the Care of the Pipes belonging to such Company or Companies; and Surveyors to in.like manner the Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being to the 8"? of said Commissioners for executing this Act shall, within the respective paev'for|lnd"fto times aforesaid, give Notice to the respective Paviors or Turncocks Abode* of Con-of the said several Water Companies, and also to the Surveyor or tratfor*. -Surveyors to the Commissioners of Sewers, of, his or their own Place or Places of Abode, and likewise of the Names and Places of Abode of such Paving Contrador or Contractors, or Person or. Persons em* ployed as Pavior or Paviors by the said Commissioners for executing this Act; and every Person neglecting or.refusing to give such Notice as aforesaid, within the time* before respectively Specified, shall*rfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Penalty, offence.

56 Geo* III. Tt :

XL. And

Damages to be afsessed, in case of D'dkgree-ments, by a Jury.

Sheriff, &c. empowered to administer Oaths.

Witnesses examined on Oath,

C.128.

56° GEO. III.

A.tti(sj

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Comniffiaa Pavement, Vestrymen, Trustees, Owners, Proprietors, 0co| Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Femes Coaert, or other Person or Persons interested in any Pavement, Rads, 0 Lamp Potts or other Materials, or in any Ground or Herein which the said Commissioners for executing this Act are hereby powered to purchase, take and use for the Purposea of tb»j shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the An or by reason of Absence or Diiability shall be prevented froasfl with the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or theirAj for the Sale and Disposal thereof; or if such Proprietor or Fa tors, or other Person or Persons interested, cannot be found orb or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Prenfoi be purchased, or to the Interect, he, (he or they dull rtfprf claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioom, tri Persons entitled to be compensated for any such Lob or Da as aforesaid, shall not agree with the Commissioners for ex<

Act in regard thereto, then and in every or any such case, dr of the said County of Middlesex, or his Under Shcris, or Ar Bailiff of the City and Liberty of or bn

the case may be; or in case such Sheriff or Under SI Bailiff or his Deputy, shall be anyways interested is the question, then some of the Coroners of the said Camtft*& rested therein, shall, upon the Warrant of the {aiCoodCMi for executing this Act, to be issued in the mannerteoafer* tioned, and he and they is and are hereby required uidtaM to cause it to be inquired into and afeertaraed, upostkMrth Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of iMfc* City and Liberty of Westminster, (which Oaths the der Sheriff, High Bailiff or Deputy, or Coroner, ii empowered and required to administer, ) what Recompeoeeiritf faction ought to be made to such Commissioners of Piveaat, Vtfcp men, Trustees, Owners, Occupiers or other Perfostffcfcl interested therein, for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, « Value of such Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp Pofti woderll terials, Piece or Pieces of Ground or Hereditament!, id dm proportionable Value of the refoeftive Estates and Interefb of; Penon or Persons seised or possessed thereof, or interested of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall affect and awed Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Conunifionm of A ment, Vestrymen, Trustees or other Person or Perfow resp^ for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, for the Purchase of respective Rights, Estates and Interests therein; and m thereto, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Dep*f f Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required frow time, as occasion shall require, to futftmon and call befefftk#* Jury and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Pctfr,^i soever, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be as a Witnefa or Witnesses, touching or concerning the (which Oath the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Hi or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to administer) \ Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or (kroner shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Materalior question, if there be occasion, and use all other lawfcl1'*

# 0t0>

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C. 128.

XLI* And be it further enacted, That the bid Commissionert for putting this Act in Execution may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to appoint such Number of Watchmen and Patroke, to be employed within the Limits of this Act, for so long time in the Night, under such Regulations and for such Wages, as they shall think proper, and to provide them with proper Arms, Ammunition, Weapons and Clothing, for the Discharge of their Duty; and if any Watchman or Patrole appointed as aforesaid shall refute or neglect to perform his Duty, or shall in anvwife misbehave himself in the Execution of his Office, he shall forfeit and pay any Sam not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence.

XLIL And be it further enacted, That the Watchmen to be appointed as aforesaid shall, during the time of their being upon Duty, ufo their utmost Endeavours to prevent any Mifchiet by Fire, and also any Burglaries, Robberies, Affrays or other Outrages and Dif-orders, within the Limits of this Act; and that it shall be lawful for the said' Watclimen, or any of them, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, while on Duty, to apprehend and fe-fecure all Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds and other disorderly Persons, within the Limits of this Act, who shall diftnrb the public' Peace, or whom they shall have cause to suspect of any evil Designs, and to Secure and keep m Safe Custody every such Person, in oraer that he or she may be conveyed as soon as conveniently may be, before Some Just ice of the Peace for the County of Midjkfex or City of Wefhmnfiertio be examined and dealt with according to Law; and if any Vidualler or Keeper of any Public House mall knowingly harbour or entertain any Watchman to be employed within the Limits of this Act, or permit or suffer any Watchman to be and remain so his House during any Part of the time appointed for his being on Duty, every such Vidualler or Keeper of every such Public House shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIII. And for raising Money to enable the said Commissioners appointed and to be appointed by virtue of this Act to carry the several Purposes of this Act into Execution; be it further enacted, That one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall for the Purpose of paving, cjeansing, lighting, watering and watching the said Streets, Squares, Cfocusses, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, which shall be within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under this Act, and for carrying the several Purposes of this Act in relation thereto into Execution, shall be laid, rated and assessed by the said last mentioned Commissioners once in eveiy Year if they shall judge it needful, upon all and every Persons and Person who do or shall inhabit, hold or occupy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Celiar, Vault, Building or Tenement, m any of the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Court# and other public Passages and Places, in such Sum or Sums of Money as such Commissioners shall order and direct, and that one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Afleff-znents, shall for the Purpose of forming, making, enclosing, planting, ornamenting and embelliflring the Centres or Areas of the said Squares and Ciroufles, be so like manner laid, rated and assessect, upon all and every Persons and Person who shall inhabit, hold or occupy any House and Building ended and built, or to be erected and

T t 2 built.

643

Watchmen to be appointed.

Neglect of Duty,

Penalty

Duty of Watchmen.

Vi&uatters harbouring Watchmen.

Penalty.

Rates to be laid

on Houses, &c.

644

C.128.

A.D. 1816.

Rates.

Stables, toe. haw rated.

How the yearly Value of Houses, &c. is to be af-cetuined.

Commencement of Rates.

56° GEO. III.

built, andencompafling the said Squares and Circufles, in such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall order or direct, but so nevertheless as that such Rate or Rates, Assessment or AfiefT-ments, do not exceed in the whole in any one Year the fevers! Sums of Money next hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say) for paving* repairing, clean dog, watching and lighting the said several Streets, i Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public Pafiages and Places, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, according to the |

yearly Rent or Value of such Houses, Shops, Warehousea, Coach I

Houses, Stables, Celiars, Vaults, Buildings and Tenements, which are or shall be fltuate within the Limits of this Act $ and for watering such Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Pafiages and Places, the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Houses and Buildings as are or shall be erected and built in or about such Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places which shall from time to time be watered in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, and for forming, making, endosing, ornamenting and embellishing the Centres, Areas or Middr Spaces of the said Squares and Circufles which shall be' laid out and made within the Limits of this Act, and for supporting and maintaining the lame, after the Rate of Two Shillings in the Pound, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Houses and Buildings as are or shall be erected in such respective Squares, Circufles or Places; in the making of which said several Rates or Assessments, the Stables, Coach Houses, Ere&ions and other Buildings, which shall belong to or be respectively held and occupied with any of the Houses erected or to be erected or fltuate in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public Pafiages and Places, shall be respectively rated together and along with such Houses, and not as separate Buildings; and that the said Commission-. ers shall cause separate and distinct Accounts to be kept of the Produce of the said respective Rates and Assessments, and the Application of the same respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Annual Value of all such Houses, Stables, Celiars, Vaults, Buildings and Tenements, so to be respectively rated and assessed as aforesaid, shall be settled and ascertained according to the real Rack Rent or full yearly Value thereof; and the First Year, for which such Rates or Assessments as aforesaid shall be made, shall commence for or in respect of such Houses or other Buildings as now are, or shall be then erected, built and tiled, dated or covered in, within the Limits of this Act, and paved in Front thereof, from the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen $ and for and in respect of all such Houses or Buildings hereafter to be erected or built within the Limits of this Act, which shall not be tiled, flated or covered in, sad paved in Front thereof as aforesaid on the said Twenty fourth Day of Juntf shall commence from the next Quarter Day after the same shall be so tiled, fluted or covered in, and the Pavements made in Front thereof as aforesaid; and the Money so rated and assessect, under or in pursuance of this Act, shall from time to time be paid to the Collectors to be appointed a8 aforesaid, at such time and times in every Year, and in such manner as the Arid Commissioners for executing this Act shall order and re&, and Audi be paid over by such Collectors into tike Hands of the Treasurer to the find Commissioners.

XLV. Pro-

56° GEO. III.

C. 128'

tCafe noCofts, Charges or Expences, shall be allowed to either No CoAs. f m agaunit the other; and all Coils, Charges and Expences Co(h dire£ed* tifire6lcd to be paid to the said Commissioners for executing be paid to Com-id, shall and may be deduHed and retained by them out of the missioner* to bo y to adjudged or assessed to be paid by them, as so much Money r«tJ, n€<l red to and for the Use of the Person and Persons entitled to M^eyaffoflM looey so adjudged, and Payment or Tender of the Remainder to them; i Money shall be deeme d and taken to be a Payment or Tender r whole Sum or Sums so adjudged or assessed; or in case no or if in Money f, or no sufficient Sum of Money shall be awarded or assessed awarded thetn^ pud by the said Commissioners, whereout such Coils, Charges r*cov*r.e(l m Lxpences can be deduced, then the same shall and may be re- Pena t, ei* td say such Ways and Means as are hereinafter provided for the may of Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by this Act imposed or fixed to be imposed.

Til. And be it further enacted, That all the said Judgments Verdida to be Vrdicfcs shall be recorded in the Office of the Auditor of His recorded, ly* Land Revenue anting in the County of Middlesex; and a te or Docket thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office a Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Fore (Is and Land met; and all such Judgments and Verdicts shall be afterwards fifed with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Mid-c, to be kept and preserved by him amongst the Records of the ter Sessions of the said County, and shall be deemed to be Re-to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the same, or true e* thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts {Soever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspeH the same, mg for Inch InspeHion the Sum df One Shilling, and to take |tes thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every*hundred Words, and so in proportion for any less Number of mb.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or Tender Power to enter be Sum or Sums of Money, Recompence and Satisfaction, which and take Poflef-1 he agreed for, awarded or assessed as aforesaid, to the Parties Ifcrfoos respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, Treasurer payment or Efteafurers, the said Commissioners of Pavement, Veilrymen, Tender of Pur-jfiees or other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or chafe Money, frgiate, interested in such Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp Pods tother Materials, Ground and Hereditaments, shall from tbence-h be divested of all Rights Title, Claim, . Interest and Property rein or thereunto, and the same shall thenceforth be veiled in the 1 Commissioners for executing this Alt, who shall be deemed in w to be in the altual Seisin and Possession thereof, to all Intents 1 Purposes, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates,

'his, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands, and the same shall I may be at any time thereafter made use of and employed accord-; to the Directions of the said Commissioners for executing this 3k, for any of the Purposes of this Act, and under the Regulations Ton contained.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Property of and in all Property of e Pavements of the Carriageways and Footways, and also the Ballail Pa, rem.em, »*» Gravel to be brought or laid in the said several Streets, Squares, rcuffes. Ways, Courts and other public Passages and Places, already m °Der*' hereafter to be set out or made within the Limits aforesaid, and S s 3 of

C.128.

66° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816

Rates of Houses let to Ambaf-factors, &c. to be paid by Landlord.

Lessee subject to Rates of Houses let to Lodgers.

Receipt to Landlord discharge to T enant.

Houses partly within and partly without the Limits of Act.

Houses rated under this A it, not ffaMe to like Rates under other Act*.

Space of Ground, shall be paid by the Chapelwardens, Trustee* or Owners or Proprietors thereof respectively; but so, nevertheless, as that no Rate or Assessraent shall by virtue of this Act be laid upon, or collected or received for or in respect of any Wall or void Space of Ground, unless the same shall abut upon or front some Street, Lane or Place, to be paved, clean fed or lighted as afarefaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That (every Rate or ment which shall be laid or assessed by virtue of this Act, for or in resped of any House, Building, Coach House, Stable or Tenement, which any Ambaflactors, Resident Agent, or other public Minister, of any Foreign Prince or State, or the Servant of any such Arnbaf-factor, Resident Agent, .or other public Minister, or any other Person not liable by Law to pay such Rate or AlTefTment, shall hereafter inhabit, shall be paid by ana recoverable from the Landlord or Pro-

?ietor of every such House, Building, Coach House, Stable or enement, who shall for that Purpose be deemed the Occupier thereof.

XLVIIL And be it further enacted, That the Lessee, Landlord or Owner of every House, within the Limits of this Act, which is or shall or may be let out ready furniflted to a Lodger or Lodgers, shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and (haul be liable and subject to the Rates or Assessments dire died by this Act to be made, raised and levied, according to the yearly Value of the Premises, and that every Person renting or occupying any such ready furnished House as aforesaid shall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the said Rates or Assessments, to be recovered in manner herein directed; but such Person so renting or occupying any such ready furnished House as aforesaid shall not be liable and compilable to the Payment of the said Rates or Afleffinents beyood the Kent a&ually1 due by him or her in respect of the said Premies, and that every such respective Occupier or Occupiers who shall pay amy such Rate or Assessment, or from whom the dune shall be recovered in pursuance of this Act, shall and may dedud the same from and out of the next Rent due and payable from him, her or them, to such respective Lessee or Landlord, or Owner, and the Receipt .for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, to his, her or their respective Landlord, for so much Money as he, (he or they shall pay, or shall be levied on him, her or them by virtue of this Act.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any House or Premises shall be (ituate partly within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under this Act> and partly in any Street or Place not within such Limits, such Heudr or premises shall he assessed to the Rates to he raised by virtue of this Act, far s proportionable Part only of the Rent thereof j and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, orfany Person appointed by them at some Meeting to be holden for that rurpose, and they or he are or is hereby respectively authorized and required to apportion and settle at how much and what Part of the Rent of such House and Premises the same shall be assessed. v

L. And be it further enacted, That no Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable* Celiar, Vault, Building, Tene. meat or Premises, of any Sort, Kind or Dcscriptien whatever, within

the

A.D. 1814

50* GEO. III.

G. K0;

the Limit! of the JurisdiHiort of the GfitfciAiffidners under this Alt; and the Occupier or Owner whereof shall be rated and assesstd iti respeH thereof by the said Coirrmissioners, under the Pfbvifibfis of this Act, shall after the sinking of such Rate be liable to atrjr Rate of Assessment for the like Pufpose, ahdrr atiy other AH of Acft of Parliament} any thing ih any Alt or Alts of Parliament to the con* trary notwithstandiftg.

LI. And for the better enforcing the Payment of the Rates of Assessments to be made by virtue of this Alt, be it further enacted.

That if any Perfofi or Persons Liable to pay any of the said Rates Artestf rf or Assessment* shall refuse or neglelt to pay the Money rated of Rltfc^7rwW afle fifed upon him, her or them, and all Arrears due thereon; of if recovercdr any Person or Persons liable to pay a try of the said Rates oi1 AflfcfT-ments shall at any time begin to remove his, her or their Goods of Furniture from the House or Premises in his, her or their Occupation within the Limits of this Alt, or to fell or dispose of such GOtxh of Furniture therein by Public AuHion, or fell, dispose of or ca/ty away his, her or their Goods or Furniture as aforesaid, without paying all Arrears then due or rated in respeH of such House, (in Whilfr the current Quarter shall be considered as due, ) that then and ki eveTy of the said cases, it shall be lawful for the ColIeHor for the time bring to the said Commissioners for executing this Act to c6HeH* and levy such Rates or Afieflments, and all Arrean due thereon, and the Rate or Assessment for such Quarter wherein such RemOyafr or Sale shall begin to be made as aforesaid, although previous to the time for Payment of the Rate or Assessment for such Quarter^ bf Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlifix or City of W*Jlmnfier9 by Distress and Sale of the Goody and* DiJbtft. Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing. Or beginning to'remove, take away, or fell any such Goods or Furniture as aforesaid f and if within Five Days next after such Distress shall be made, the said Rates or Afieflments, and all ArfeaVs due thereon, together with the returnable Charges of taking and keeping the said Distress, shall not be paid, the said ColIeHor shall cause the said Goods and*

Chattels to be appraised and fold, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient to pay such Rates or Afieflments, together with all Arrears4 due thereon, and the reasonable Charges of making such Distress, and of keeping and felling the same, returning the Overplus (if any) to4 the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively.

LIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Commtffioner* lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, if they (hfclT bring Ac* think it more expedient, to bring or cause to be brought, in th£ ti6"fgi* Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or of any One of them the said last mentioned Commissioners, any AH ion or AHions of Debt, or Special AHion on the case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wtfmmjtir* for all or any of the Rates or Afieflments so to bd made by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, in which AHion or AHions it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare, that the Defendant is. indebted to the Plaintiff in such Sum of Money as the Plaintiff shall. suppose to be due; and if the Plaintiff shall recover such Sum so declared for, or any Part thereof, he shall have full Coils, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgments are now by Law levied and recovered \ in which AHion or AHions no Effoiga,

T t 4 ProteHion

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

632

A.DJS

Commissioners may contract for performing Work*.

Comfhidjoners may employ Surveyors, and sue and com pound for Breach of Com rads.

they shall think necessary, and from time to time to alter and reps* same, as there shall be Occasion, and to defraiy the Expencet tfcf out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; proTukd I no such Well or Pump shall be funk or made so as to injure! House or other Building in, or any Vault or Cellar under any of said Streets, Squares, Circudes, Terraces or other public Magfl Places.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said ComsuM

for executing this Act shall and may, and they are hereby aottafl and empowered from time to time, at any of their said Meml Occasion shall require, to contract and agree with any fit Poesfl Persons for doing and performing all or any of the Works bytM authorized or directed to be done and performed by thecn, or supplying any of the Materials for the same, for or watering the! Streets, Squares, Circudes, Ways, Courts, Passages or PluM any of them, which Contract or Contracts shall fpedfy the tta Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the fane, d A time or times when the same Works shall be completed, dt Penalties to be suffered in case of Non Performance thereof, id M be iigfted by Two or more of the said Commifiiooen foraeatij this Act, and also by the Person or Persons contracting to petal such Works respectively, which Contractor Contract*oraCoff* Copies thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept fir ikhb pose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; but pnion to ill making of any such Contract, Fourteen Days'Nods*tklal shall be given in One or more of the public Newspapenpdfitah London or Westminster) exp reding the Intention of entemgkoMt Con trad, in order that any Person or Persons willing to mfatdi the same may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be oM ail presented to the said Commissioners at a certain ttmettdPkti such Notice to be mentioned* ,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Cotatan for executing this Act shall cause all and every the Works tobtta in pursuance of this Act to be inspected by their Surveyor otta*I veyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they (lull for dal Purpose appoint; and in case the same shall not be vdl at sufficiently performed, according to the Terms, Intent and Mata of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not be finished and compieW at or within the time or times specified in such Contract orCoBtn&J then the said Commissioners for executing this Act mar esufi w Action to be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record<i Westminster, against any such Contrador, for any Penalty ronrata in his Contract; and on Proof of the signing of the said Costnd or Contracts, and of the Non Performance thereof at the time or times for that Purpose to be therein mentioned, the said ComeSam for executing this Act shall be entitled to and shall recover the (bl Penalty contained in any such Contract, which, when ncmi shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act: Provided alwxys, thst it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, if they shall think ill, to compound and agree with any Contrador, for any Peoa/ty mcarmf by him for the Breach or Non Performance of any such Coctrad, for such Sum of Money as they the said Commissionen shall think proper, not being less than the Injury or Damage fufUined by the

56° GEO. III.

C. 128,

649

Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payble during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of every such Person or Persons who shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor, at the time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money; so that no such separate Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds for a Year.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Commissionsrs executing this Act shall cause a Bond or Note, or other Security, csufe under the Hands and Seals of Three or more of them, to be delivered m ba

to every Person advancing any Part of the said Monies for Payment g^n fa piy. of such Annuities in respect thereof; which Bonds, Notes or other inept of Annui-Securities, shall be ailignable by Indorsement; and which said several ties.

Annuities so to be purchased shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid out of the Rates or Assessments hereinbefore mentioned, and shall be made payable and paid Quarterly during the natural Lives of such Contributors respectively, or the natural Life or Lives of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by such respective Contributors, and a proportional Part of such Annuity shall be paid from the last Quarter Day of Payment preceding the Death of the Annuitant, or his ce/Iui que vie, up to the Day of his Decease.

LVI I. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commissiooen to and for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and they msy grant Bonds are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to grant ?lheir Clerk °* unto their Chief Clerk or Secretary for the time being, any Bond or acUry* Bonds, under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them, each Bond to be conditioned for the Payment of the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and which Bonds shall be likewise charged upon and paid out of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, and the Monies to be raised by Means thereof, with Interest for the same, after the Rate of Five Founds ter Centum per Annum.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law. P<wer to fell ful to and for fufch Chief Clerk or Secretary for the time being, by such Bo, K, and with the Direction of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to make sale and dispose of all and every or any such Bond or Bonds so to be granted to such Chief Clerk or Secretary as aforesaid, either by Public Sale or Private Contract, unto any Person or Persons, for the best Price or. Prices in Money that can be* reasonably had or obtained for the same, and to apply the Money thence arising for or towards the carrying this' Act into Execution: .Provided always, Commissioners that nothing herein contained shall be deemed, construed, taken or P*rfow*ll7 extend to make the said Commissioners who shall sign, execute or give* any of the Bonds, Alignments or other Securities, so hereby autho-; rized or'directed to be given, personally or their respective Estates, i Lands or Tenements, Goods and Chattels, liable to the Payment of.any of the Monies so to be borrowed, or Annuities so to be granted, i in pursuance of this Act, by reason of their giving or executing any such Bonds, Alignments or other Securities as aforesaid: Provided Money bonw-nevertheless, that no greater Sum in the Whole than Sixty thousand texccei, Pounds shall be raised by Loan or Mortgage, or by the Sale, or 00, 000, granting of any such Bonds or Annuities as aforesaid, for any of

the

654

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

Proviso for Owners of Dud removing it.

House holders making G>m plaint of defective Pavement or Lighting, Surveyor to view ir, and if defective to give Notice to Contractor.

Pavior neglecting to repair Pavement.

Penalty.

For preventing Encroachments by Signs, Gutters, &c.

Notice to remove Signs, Jkc.

AH

Penalties be sooner paid and satisfied: Provided nevertheli nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hi* Owner or Owners of such Dud, Dirt, Cinders or Aihei carrying awaj the same for his, her or their own life, to he to any Manufactory of any such Owner or Owners, ortothed of any Ground occupied by him, her or them.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Houseboldt the Limits of this Act shall by Writing under his or her Ha left at the usual Place of Abode of the Surveyor or lofpedor time being to the said Commissioners for executing this Act Complaint of any Defect of lighting or deansing, or Want si in the Pavement, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Circuit* Courts or other public Passages or Places, the said Surveyor fpeCtor in every such case shall inquire into and examine the M Complaint and Report thereupon to such CommiffiQocn at th Meeting; and if by such Report it shall appear that the ft complained of is bad and defedive, unless it shall arise hroma relating to the Water Pipes lying under such Pavement, tki mentioned Commissioners shall give Ntice to their Cotioi Pavior to repair the same within such time as the same Comal shall judge necessary, which time shall be specified in such Onkj if the Contractor or Pavior to whom such Order shall be jiw not repair and amend such Pavement within the timeMdfr Order, he shall in every such case forfeit and pay«Son so ceeding Forty Shillings for every Day that the faii£fcli*J ment shall remain unrepaired after the time limited^ ltd0 and One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be paid totkltol so making Complaint, and the other Moiety shall be paid to A| Commissioners for executing this Act, to be applied by them tj Purposes of this Act; and if it shall appear by fitch deport til Contract for cleaning or lighting shall not be duly perfemed said Commissioners for executing this Act shall ftsttab Directions for recovering the Penalty under such CoutratL XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Signs, Sip Gutters and Screens, which now are, or at any time hereafter! placed against any of the Houses or other Buildings now creek erecting, or hereafter to be erected or built within the sevenlS Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public Passages and aforesaid, shall be fixed close to the Fronts of the Houles, Warehouses and Buildings to which they shall respectively hi and not otherwise, and that the respective Occupiers of aiy Houses or other Buildings as aforesaid, shall at their ova Ckfl within such time and in such manner as the said Comniflioom» from time to time, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of a Three or more of them (to be delivered to such respective Occy*" or left at their respective Dwelling Houses) order sad direct cttf< all Signs which may belong to and shall not be fixed orpkdup* such respective Houses or other Buildings in manner iforoai, ^ taken down and fixed or placed flat on the Fronts thereof, «Atl Signs, Irons, Sign Pods and other Posts, Pent Houses, Satan Spouts, Steps, Shop Windows and Cellar Windows and other It croachments, Obstrudkms, Proiedions and Annoyances which na hereafter be made by any such Occupiers or other rafoni, in, opt or near, or attached to any such respective Houses or other

K1816. 56° GEO. III. C. 128.S6

nrf to the Meaning of this Act, to be removed, altered or nrd, and also to cause the Water to be conveyed from the 6, Cornices and Pent Houses which belong to such rdpedive or other Buildings, by proper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks, lifnxed to the Sides of such Houses and other Buildings resped-, and from thence by proper Drains into the Common Drains rvr.rs? and in case any such Occupier shall neglect or refuse Co Occupier re->, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this fising, to cause the same to be done; and if such Occupier shall refuse Coftt levied by ay the Coils and Charges attending the same, the said lait Distrest.

Doned Commissioners shall cause such Coils and Charges to be dby Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Oc-Wr, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the cefor the County of MiddUfexf (which Warrant such Justice is by required and authorized to grant, ) rendering the Overplus any) when demanded, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels be so di drained and fold; and if the Tenant in Possession of such House or other Building shall remove, alter or reform any i Encroachments, Obstructions, Projections or Annoyanceb as reslid, according to the Directions of the same Commissioners xept such as shall be put up or occasioned by such Tenant) it 11 be lawful for every such Tenant to dedud and retain the Charges Expences thereof otft of his or her Rent, and the Landlord of y such House or other Building is hereby required to allow the e accordingly: Provided always, that nothing herein contained Stopping up Cel-.1 extend to authorize the said Commissioners to (lop up any I* Windows by liar Window where there shall be no other Way from the Street Commiffloiisfs. otittr public Passage or Place into such Celiar, unless the said Com-issioners shall make or provide some other commodious Way into ch Celiar; and in case the Pallifado, Fence or Railing for yarning the Area of any House or other Building from the Way Passage shall be broken down or out of Repair, and the Owner or v

: cuptcr of such House or other Building shall not forthwith (being ereuoto required by Writing, (igned by the Surveyor or Clerk or e said Commissioners for executing this Act for the time being)

: of, amend or repair such Pallifado, Fence or Railing, it shall be rful for the said lad mentioned Commissioners from time to time to afe the same to be set up, amended and repaired or altered, in such nner as they 'shall judge neceiTary, and levy the Charges and Ex-ices attending the same upon or from the Owner or Occupier of Ty such House or other Building by Distress and Sale, in like inner as any Penalty or Forfeiture is by this Act authorized to be fied.

XXVIII* And Whereas it may be expedient that Porticos,

Arcades, Colonades or other coverea Ways, should be allowed to rxtend over the Footways of some of the said Streets, Squares, wircufles. Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, and that Bow Win-lows, Shop Windows, Alcoves, Balconies and other ornamental Projections should be allowed to be advanced to the Fronts of the Areas, provided such Porticos, Colonades, Arcades or other corered Ways, Bow Windows, Alcoves, Balconies or other ornamental Projediohs, be made of Brick, Stone, Metal or other incom- ba table Materials j' Be it therefore further enacted. That it shall Commissioners lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act to ^ithp- allow Por-

rize ticos, Colonades,

636

C.1S8.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1SB

Ice. to pnjeft over Footways ooder certain Regulations.

Commrifiooert may authorise Projedions, Vinndasy&c

rise and permit the building or eroding and making of aoyPari| Arcades and other covered Ways, projeding from any Braking Houses, which shall or may be built on tl\e Sides of the Hud I Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Passages or Phasi tending over any Footways of the said Streets, Squares, Circa Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, provided the same do notoba or incommode , the Foot Passengers, and that the Footways uodn same be at least Nine Feet broad in the Clear between the Com Piers or other Supports of such Porticos, Colonades, Aron other covered Ways, in the new Street leading burn Pal! Mi1 the New Road, and Six Feet broad at the least in the other fast Squares, CircuiTes, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, and therm of the Areas of the Houses or other Buddings before which tkhj are placed; and provided such Colonades, Arcades, Portias4 covered Ways, be built of Stone, Brick or Metal, or Stmsd Cement laid on Brick or Stone, except the Joists and Beam 43 form the Covering over the said Footpath, which may beoffffcl covered with Planer or Stucco or other uninflammable CornpaMm and so as that all such Porticos, Colonades, Arcades and otheroasrf Ways, shall be made in such manner, and upon facb Phut, atf such Dimensions, as shall be ordered and directed or authorised ai allowed by the said Commissioners in that behalf; anftfaghay Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Houses or a tk Cities of London or Wefimtnfier to the contrary notvt4a4w.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, TktMW lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this AfttoadnW and permit the eroding or making, or continuing or [ilengb 1 remain, the Fronts of any Houses or Buildings in the tndSw^ Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, is kfc j manner as that some Fronts may recede behind or advance Wat others, and with Bow Windows or other Projedkras, td id Virandas, Alcoves, Balconies, Pilasters, Columns and Shop, or other Projedions; provided that no Front of any such Hrita Building, or any such Viranda, Alcove, Balcony, Pilaster, Chtaat j Shop Window, or other Projedions, advance beyond the Area of tk House or Building to which it shall belong, and that the same be bak of Stone, Brick, Metal or Stucco, or other Cement laid oaM or Stone, except Shop Windows, with their Shutten tod Ik corations, which may be of Wood; any thing in any Ad or Acbrf Parliament relating to Buildings or Houses, or Bow Window, or other Projedions to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And Whereas the Avenues to and from tie 4 House, and the Accommodation of the Public resorting the*

will be greatly improved, if the whole of the said Building is fur*

4 rounded with a Stone or Iron Colonade, extending over tie ft*

paths in Pall Mallf Charles Street, the Hay Market and tak 4 Lane; to effect which it will be necessary to flop up lo jsk& of'

4 Market Lane as extends from Pall Mall to Charles Sint* a t

Street or Way for Carriages, and to convert it into »optu 4 Arcade or covered Way s And Whereas the whole of tWHowr 4 on the West Side of that Part of Market Lane required to be 4 flopped up being already taken down, and the East Side tbcrw!

4 being appropriated to the Opera House, no Carriage Road 1 4 required in that Part of Manet Lane ; Be it therefore aided,

Thit

653

always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the case shall be.

LXVIII. And, for the more eafyand speedy Con rift ion of Of- Conviftlon. fenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Just ice of the Peace, before whom any Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form, or in any other Form to the same Effest, as the case shall happen; that is to say,

"D E it remembered, That on Form of Cob-

[/fme of ConviffionJ at [ Place of Convifiion] A* B T"*ion#

[Name of Offender] of [ Addition of Offender ] was duly convicted 4 before me [or, ns] [Name and Style of convifiing Justice or Jvf /ire/] for that the said A. B. [Name of Offender] on [time of 4 committing Offence] at [Place of committing Offence] did [here fate the Offence against the Act according to the Fa8] contrary to

the Form of the Statute made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign

of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth 4 the Title of this A8j and I, or We, do therefore declare and ad-

judge, that the said A. B. [Name of Offender] has forfeited for the same Offence, the Sum of [Fine] or, shall be committed to 4 [Place of Imprisonment] for the Space of [time of Imprisonment.l 4 Given under my Hand and Seal, [or, our Hands and Seals]

the Day and Year first above written.*

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Appeal to Com-Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any such Rate or miffioaen, Assessment as aforesaid, which shall be made in pursuance of this Act> be or (he having first paid the said Rate or Assessment, may appeal to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, at their next Meeting to be holden after the Payment of such Rate or Assessment; and such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think such Persons aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem reasonable; and if any such Person and to Quarter shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners Sessioni. therein, or if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any other matter or thing to be done in pursuance of this Act as aforesaid, every such Person may appeal to the Justices at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County,

City, or Liberty, where the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen,

within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint

shall have arisen, ftrch Appellant first giving Fourteen Days' Notice

at the lead in Writing of his or her Intention to make such Appeal,

and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners,

and within Five Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance

before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, City or Liberty,

with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and

abide the Order of and pay such Cods as shall be awarded by the

Justices at such Sessions; and the Justices at such Sessions shall hear

and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a fum-

maij Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed Cofb* anted.

against as they shall think proper, and their Determination thereon

shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and

Ptrrposes.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Assessment, Rates or P>o-or any Proceeding to be had touching any Order made, or other ceediiigs not

matter

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

quaflied for want of Form.

Certiorari.

Plaintiff shall not recover after Tender of sufficient Amends.

Distrest not unlawful for want of Form.

Limitation of A&ioni.

Treble Costs.

Rates under

53 O.3.C.UH. to be made upon

natter or thing to be dose or transacted, in or relating to any Complaint or Appeal, or any Order or Determination thereon as aforesaid, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable into any of His Majesty's Courts ot Record by Certiorarii, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever 5 any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwith&anding.

LXXI. Provided always, and bd it further enacted, That no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, Trefpafe or wrongful Proceeding, made or committed in Execution of tha A ft, if sufficient Tender of Amends shall be made by or on the hohatf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought) and in case no such Tender shall have bees made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Actions, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any time before Idue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall fee fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgment shall be had, made or given by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for Money to be levied by virtue of thia Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaflers ab initio, os account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties di (training; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage only in an Action on the case.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty right Days1 Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk to the feud Commimooers for executing this Act, or after such fnfficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fa& committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of MidiUfc*, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty eight Days' Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his or her Action or Suit after the Defendant shall appear, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plamtiff, then the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other cases of Law.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Assessments authorized and allowed to be made, laid and assessed by the Comxnissioners under the last recited Act passed in the Fifty third

Year

c. m

A.D. IS16. 56° GEO. III.

55

Year aforesaid, shall be laid and assessed upon all and every the Per* retired of fons and Person who shall inhabit, hold and occupy the Houses, Occupten. Buildings, Premises, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables,

Cellar^ Vaults, Buildings or Tenements, rated and assessed under the Provisions of the said last recited Act, (except where any other or special Provision is made in the said Act in relation to the Payment of Rates, ) and shall and may be demanded and taken, allowed and recovered, from and upon such Tenants and Occupiers as aforesaid; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 LXXV. And Whereas it may happen that same of the Com*

missioners of Pavement, Committeemen, Vestrymen or Trustees,

4 hereinbefore mentioned, may have entered into and be under some 4 Contract or Agreement which may be subsisttng, and may not

have expired at the time of passing this Act, with certain Scavem-

gers, raviors or other Persons, Tor the doing and performing 4 tome of the Works within their respective Diftnfta which arc by 4 this Act authorized or directed to be hereafter done and performed 4 by the Commissioners for executing this Act, or the Persons enu 4 ployed by them, or for the supplying some of the Materials for the same, or for watering the said Streets, Squares, Circufies,

Ways, Cpurts, Pafiages or Places, or some of them, and as such 4 Works and Services will hereafter be performed, and such Matt*

4 rials provided by the Commissioners for executing this Act, so far 4 as the font relate to the said Streets, Sauares, Circusses, Ways, f Courts, passages and Places, which Aiall ae within the Limits of 4 their Jurisdiction under the pravisions of this Act, or by Persons 4 by them employed, it is just and reasonable that a proportionate 4 DedpSupn or Abatement fhpuld be made to such CommUfipners 4 of Pavement, Committeemen, Vestrymen or Trustees, by the Per*

son or Persons who have so contracted with them respectively,

to perform such Works or Services, or to supply such Materials in

respect of such Parts of the said Contrafts aa will cease to be performed by them. from and after the paf&ng of this Aft}' Be it therefore enacted, That in every such case the Person or Persons Whtrs Con* who shall have so contrafted to perform such Works or Services, or trta»h«re been to supply such Materials, shall abate and allow unto the said Commif-

fioners of Pavement, Committeemen, Vestrymen or Trustees with

whom every such Contract shall be made, out of the Monies thereby so Work* which

contracted to he paid to him or them, a fair and reasonable Sum or win hereafter b«

Sums in respect of such of the said Works and Services which are Vtb#

hereafter to be done and performed, and of such Materials which

are hereafter to be provided by the CommUSoners for executing this thsContnaora

Act, or the Persons to be employed by them as aforesaid, as such shall nuke in

Contraftor or Contractors would otherwise have been found to have Abatement in

dose, performed or provided, under or by virtue of such Contract

or Contrafts if this Act had not been palied; which Sum or Sums

so to be abated or allowed shall bear the same Proportion to the p^fomed by

whole Sum or Sums which would otherwise have become doe or. them.

payable under the said Contract or Contrafts to any such Contractor

or Contractors for the whole of the Works or Services which would

have been done and performed, and for all the Materials which would

have been provided by him or them in respect of the whole Diftrjft

or Limit comprised in such Contract or Contracts, as the Surface

or superficial Quantity of such Part of the Land or Ground com*

prised

65* 0*28. 56° GEO. III; A.B.1816.

prised within the Limits of such Contract or Contrafts as is hereby put under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall bear to the whole Surface or Superfical Quantity of the Land or Ground comprised in, or over, or to which such Contract or Contrafts shall extend; and all such Commissioners, Committeemen, Vestrymen and Trustees, are hereby authorized and empowered to retain and make such Deduction or Abatement accordingly, from and out of the Sum or Sums of Money which they would otherwise have had to pay or allow to any such Contraftor or Contraftors under or by virtue of any such Conmc or Contrafts as aforesaid.

Paving the LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That such of the Street*,

Streets, frc. in Circusses, Ways, Places, Courts or Passages comprised within the

Jhitt Ms^ le Provisions of the said first recited Act as are situate or lie within the

to the Vefhy- Parish of Saint Mary le bone shall, notwithstanding any of the

men of that Provisions of this present Act, remain and be subject to the Order,

Pariflu Controul and Jurisdiction of the Veflrymen of the said Parish of

Saint Mary le bone; and that the Duty, Power and Authority of paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the same Streets, Circusses, Ways, Courts or Passages shall be and remain veiled in the Vestrymen of the said Parish for the time being, who shall cause the same Streets, Circusses, Ways and Places to be well and effectually paved over, both in the Carriage and Footways, with the Materials of the present Pavement, so far as the same will extend, I and with such Quantity of new Materials as shall be requisite for that Purpose, and shall and will relay, repair and make good every Part of such last mentioned Streets, Circusses, Ways, Courts and Pallages which shall be disturbed or altered in carrying the said first recited Act into Execution, to ths good Liking and Satisfaction of the Cam-tnissioners for the time being, for carrying the said first recited Act and this Act into Execution.

Watch Boxes LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners and Lamps to be to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act shall erect, provide, the place and such and so many good and substantial Watch 'Boxes ai^ftenmdV*or Watclimen, and such and so many proper and substantial kept in Repair Lamp Polls, Lamp Irons, with Lamps and Burners for lighting the by the Veftry- same Circusses, Streets and Places, of such Dimensions and Quality, meo of St. Mary and at such Distances from each other, and to be painted and finished le bone. in fucjj manner as shall accord and correspond with the Pavements,

Lamp Polls, Lamp Irons and Watch Boxes which shall be made or set up in the other Parts of such intended New Street, or as near and similar thereunto as Circumstances will permit; and, that the several Watch Boxes, Lamp Polls, Lamp Irons, with Lamp Burners, fhaB for ever after the Erection thereof, by the said Commissioners so to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, be kept in repair by such Vestrymen, or by and at the Expence of the Parish of 'Sort Mary le bone; and that the foie Right and Property of all Pave-ments, Stones, Lamp Polls, Lamp Irons and Watch Boxes now or at any time hereafter to be laid, erested, set up and fixed in such of the said Streets, CircufTes, Ways, Courts or Passages comprised within the Provisions of the said first recited Act, as are or shall be / Iituate within the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone, shall belong

to and be and continue to be veiled in the said Vestrymen of the said Parish of Saint Mary /f bone for the time being, any thing in

56° GEO.IIL

C.128.

657

the said first. recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not with (landing.

LXXVIIl. And be it further enacted, That towards reimbursing the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone the Expence to be incurred in new paving, or in relaying and paving the said Streets, Circufles, Ways, Courts or Passages to to be paved by the said Vestrymen of the said Parish of Saint Mary le lone> it shall and may be lawful to and for the Vestrymen for the time being of the said Parish to charge and afTefs all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy or enjoy any Dwelling House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stables, Celiar, Vault, Building, Tenement or other Hereditament, the Street or Ground in front of which shall be so new paved, with such Part of the Coils, Charges and Expences of providing and laying down or relaying such Pavement, by way of Composition for the lame, as is usual and customary to be charged upon or taken by Composition from any other Inhabitants of the said Parish, for or in respect of any newly erected Houses or other Buildings in the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone, for or towards the Expences of paying the Street opposite such Houses or other Buildings, but not to or with any greater or other Part, Share or Proportion of such Costs, Charges or Expences, and i to levy and raise the same by every such Ways and Means as any.other Rates or A fie Amenta or Composition can or may be levied or raised by such Vestrymen, by any Power or Authority in them vested under any Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise.

1 LXXIX. And Whereas such of the Houses, Buildings, Lands'4 and Hereditaments which are intended to be taken and used under

the Provisions and for the Purposes of the said first recited Act < as are situate in the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, or are rated to 4 that Parish, do now (land assessed and rated in the Books of the

said Parish of Saint Mary le bonct for or towards the paving, lighting and watching the Streets and other Places in the said Parish,

as being altogether of the Yearly Rent or Value of Six thousand 4 and eighty four Pounds; and in order to prevent any Loss or 4 Diminution to the said Parish in such Rental, by reason of the car. 4 nring the said first recited Act into Execution, or any additional

Burthen being imposed by the said Parish, in respect of any Increase in the Rental by the Buildings and Improvements which may; 4 be made in the Execution of the said Act, it hath been agreed, ' that for all the Purposes of rating and afTefling the faipe to the 4 several Rates and Assessments for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and repairing the several Streets and Squares within the said Parish, or rated thereto, the said Houses, Buildings, Lands 4 and Hereditaments so to be taken and used as afore said, and the 4 Buildings hereafter to be erested, shall be permanently considered, deemed and taken to be of the said Yearly Value of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds, whether the actual Rental thereof 4 shall be more or less Now therefore be it further enacted, That all the Houses, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments so to be taken and used as aforesaid, and also the Houses and Buildings to be erected on the said Lands, shall for ever hereafter, in making any Rates or Assessments for the paving, repairing, watching, lighting and cleansing the several Streets and other Places in the said rarish of Saint Mary le bone9 be charged and aflefTed, or rated thereto, as

56 Geo* HI. U u being

Vestrymen authorized to levy a Rate on Occupier* of House*tfcc. to defray Expence of paving, See.

The Housei, Sec. in the Parish of St. Mary le bone intended to be placed under the Provisions of 53 O.3. c.111. being now rated

w

Commissiooen of Sewers to repair Drabs under their Direc* tiou«

Owners of Pipes

to'pay the Expencesof re-ftixing thejn.

Negiecting to pi; the lame*

Commissioners may bring Actions.

exits.

IS* GEO. IlL

A.D.III

XJy. An4b* >t farther TWwhw wd fooftaa;

3ewer, Gully Hoi* qr tJfwn, wjuch flwll or m*j wfe the leftiqneftfa* hid QomqaiflioneM of Sewen, jo aqy of the kid Sw Sqwiw, Wm Qqurtr, PjflagN or PU<w wfc

Lwutt of thi» A£> <Wl r»ouiiip to be rppwred, tjtend, dm or emptied, or any new pr additional §rwei, Gojly Hole or Ik shall ife necessary to h* made, of any new or ad^twal Gate fl put and placed over any $ewjr4 Guty, fiale Of Drain, in ujc laid Street#, Squ^ry*, Circuffe?, Courts, ?a8agporflfl

pr W dId Grafe* pyer th* fam? shall require to be zeputin* pr altered. ttan and mmy fu9h pakho said Coaaim Sewan (h*U within TVo? Da* pe*J after Not^jmenorldt Jjttir ^uyyevqr far thp tip* being, at hijilaft or ufu4Fhceof^i Sgned by the Sgnsyer to the Cpuuniffiaom for piminjtli^ into Execution, cause fi|ch tfcyrer, Quljy Hole or Dnwtok paired, altered, cleansed or emptied, and such new and sd|0[ Grates to be made and put dowp, and such old (jm« to k pairpd» .removed or altered; pnfi ip default thereof it AallkM for the said Cpmrpiffionqrs feu putting tma Act into htam their Surveyor* tp capfc such $ewcy, Gully Hole of.Wl repaired, altered, cleaufod or emptied* <*r such m aA i Grates to hs mads and PW* down# or such old Gtatiteb removed qr altered* as the case jqay require* or so maicl«fj Works to be competed as (b^ll remain unfiaisted: w«s that the Charges and Expeucep of relaying or rqriwfcWS tpentp which shall be broken or taken up for the Puqwdaf*! or amending any Pipe, shall be paid to the said Coaafanw executing this Act, or to such Person or Persons ai point to receive the same; and that the Charges tod Expand making, repairing, altering, cleanCug or emptying my wifcw* Drain, and of making or putting doyrn any Inch «ww dW Grates, and alterinj -

and

Purpoies atoretaid, tbaU be paid eating this Act, or to such rerfon or Personi as they (lull, U4| such fleeting as aforesaid, appoint to receive the Came, by tk Tw surer or Clerk to the said Commissionera of Sewen, or bj the Pd| or Perfqna who shall take or cause the said Pavement to be fetal for the Purposes aforesaid; and in case the Owner or OrwU such Pipe ae aforesaid, pr the Treasurer or Clerk of the hidCfl missionera of Sewers, or other Person or Perfoas u aforesaid* k neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so laid oat or diAtafa for the Purposes aforesaid, within Ten Days pert after Nods thereof ip Writing, signed by the Clerk to the bid CannfioW for putting this Act in Execution, and left at their respectt Dwelling Houles, or last or usual Place of Abode, togetfor wzth i Bill annexed thereto (which Bill shall contain an Accept cfM Charges and Expei>oea), then and in every such case it Ail for the said Comxmfnqners for putting this Act in Execution and they are hereby authorised and empowered, tn bawpoofes be brought an Action against apy or either of the respediwP#! jfons afoyesaid, for the Recovery of such Sun or Sum* of Mow as the said Commissioners for executing this Act (baR have so Isi out and upended for tho Purpofos aforesaid.

16 ILL Ad

A. D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.128.

669

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Proviso for nothing herein contained shall operate, extend or be construed to RljjgU of Com-abridge, take away, prejudice or affect any Jurisdiction, Power or Authority which is by Law now vetted in the Commissionera of Sewers of the Districts in which the said Premises are situate; but that all such Jurisdiction, Power and Authority, shall and may be exercised by such last mentioned Commissionera, in such and the like manner as if thia A & had not been patted.

LXX XIII. And Whereaa many Bodiee Corporate and other

public Bodiea and many Persons formed into Societies for the

Promotion and Advancement of the Arts, or of Literature and ' Knowledge, or for Charitable or other useful Purposea, are ' frequently dettrous of evening Buildings for the transacting and

carrying on the several useful rurposes in which they are engaged,

and are unable to obtain convenient Spots of Ground or Scitea for ' such Buildings, or for Eafcments and Accommodations thereto;

and it would be very beneficial to the Public if His Majesty, hia ' Heirs and Succefibrs, was and were enabled to grant and rest in ' any fitch Bodies Corporate or other public Bodies, Societies or ' Persons, and their Succefibrs, Heirs, Executors or Administrators

respectively, sufficient Spots and Parcels of Land for the erecting ' such Buildings thereon, or for Curtilages, Accefles or other Con-

veniencies, Eafcments or Accommodations to any Buildings erected 4 or to be erected for the Purposes aforesaid, and also for

Cemeteries or Burial GroundsBe it therefore enacted, That His Majesty

The King's Mott Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Succefibrs, shall empowered to have full Power and Authority to give and grant to and vest in any lo Bodie* Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other public Bodies, SocietiefVaml Societies or Persons, all or any Part of the Estate, Interest or for ereaing Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflon, in any Lands, Buildings there-Tenements or Hereditaments within the Survey of the Court of on for the useful Exchequer in England, situate within the Bills of Mortality, in order m

to be appropriated as a Scite or Scitea for erecting thereon any ^gaged.^* Building or Buildings for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or to be used as or for a Curtilage or Curtilages, or for an Access or Accedes to any Building or Buildings erected or to be erected for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or to be used for any Convenience,

Easement or Accommodation thereto, or connected therewith, or for Cemeteries or Burial Grounds, and such Body or Bodies Corporate, or other public Bodies, Societies or Persons, and their Heirs, Suc-cefibrs. Executors or Administrators, shall have full Capacity and Ability to receive, take, hold and enjoy the same j and whenever it shall be the Pleefure of His Majesty, his Hews or Succefibrs, to make n Grant for any such Purpose as aforesaid, k shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissionera of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, to issue a Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands to any such Body or Bodies Corporate or other public Bodiee, Sooieties or Persons as aforesaid, which Warrant Audi be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever, and shall be enrolled in the Office of the Audkor of the Land Revenue for the Krifion or County within which the Pret&ifes therein specified shall be situate, and also in the Office of the Commissioners of Hie Msjjesty's Woods, Fofefte and Land Revenues; and such Auditor nod such Commissionera having enrolled the Aid Warrant

U a 2 shall

644

C.128.

Rate*.

Subic*, &c. hew rated.

How the yearly Value of Houses, See. is to be af-ceiumed.

Commencement of Rates.

56° GEO. III.

a.dm

built, and encompassing the said Squares and Cireufles, in foch&i or Sums of Money at the said Commissioners shall order or but so nevertheless as that such Rate or Rates, AMmentor ments, do not exceed in the whole in any one Year the ferenl of Money next hereinafter mentioned; (that is to (ay) for repairing, cleaning, watching and lighting the said (email Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts and other public Places, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, so yearly Rent or Value of such Houses, Shops, Warebode* Houles, Stables, Celiars, Vaults, Buildings and Tenement* are or shall be situate within the Limits of this Act; and fbrwtf ing such Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Count,

Places, the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, according to tkjiA Rent or Value of such Houses and Buildings as ne or wl erected and built in or about such Streets, Squares, CircaSe*!* Courts, Passages and Places which shall from time tothne be«M| in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, and for fonritydlfc enclosing, ornamenting and embelli(hing the Centre*, Arcs or lift Spaces of the said Squares and Circuffes which shall be laid sMi made within the Limits of this Act, and for supportng add* taining the lame, after the Rate of Two Shillings h tk M according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Houfntwl W % ; as are or shall be erected in such respectivt Square* Ckffe* Places; in the making of which said feweral Rater or Atiso* the Stables, Coach Houses, Ere&ions and other Mi* shall belong to or be zespectively held and occupied dhifdltk Houses eroded or to be erected or situate in any of thttttab Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts and other public hfcjpd Places, shall be respectively rated together and along « W Houses, and not as separate Buildings; and that the said C ers shall cause separate and diflin& Accounts to be kepi if tit At duce of the said respective Rates and Assessments, andtk AppS-cation of the same respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Annul Vika all such Houses, Stables, Celiars, Vaults, Buddings and so to be respectively rated and assessed as aforesaid, shall be Wrf and ascertained according to the real Rack Rent or full ycarff Vftl thereof; and the First Year, for which such Rates or AMa* as aforesaid shall be made, shall commence for or in itfped ofm Houses or other Buildings as now are, or shall be then erected,* and tiled, dated or covered in, within the Limits of this Act ai paved in Front thereof, from the Twenty fourth Day of A* thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and for and inrdped of*such Houses or Buildings hereafter to be erected or built wda*Limits of this Act, which shall not be tiled, dated or wiedM* paved in Front thereof as aforesaid on the said Twenty hsd£q of June, shall commence from the next Quarter Day t&tfde aac shall be so tiled# dated or covered in, and the Parana#* Front thereof as aforesaid; and the Money so rated and ifcW1* der or in pursuance of this A£fc, shall from time to thebepw* the Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, at such time ud l* in every Year, and in such manner as the said Commiftwenw executing this Act shall order and #red, and shall be paid by such Collectors into the Hand# of the Tresfurer to tk W Commissioners.

XLV.P*-

56° GEO. III.

C. 129, ISO.

661

themselves; or whereby any poor Person or Persons may be compelled to remain in any House of industry or Workhouse, until the Charges and Expepces to which any District, Parish, Township or Hamlet may have been put or become liable or chargeable for the Maintenance or Support of such poor Person or Persons, or any of his or her Family, mall be repaid or reimbursed or satisfied by the Earnings or Labour of such poor Person or Persons; or whereby any poor Child or Children whomsoever is or are rendered liable to be apprenticed to any Governor, Director, or Master of any such House of industry or Workhouse $ or whereby any Parish, Town-ftup or Hamlet, at a greater Distance than Ten Miles from such House of industry or Workhouse, shall hereafter be empowered or authorized to become Contributors to, or to take the Benefit of such House of industry or Workhouse; or whereby any Directors,

Governors, Guardians or Masters of any such House or industry or Workhouse, are authorized or empowered to hire out any poor Person or Persons of full Age, or to contract or agree with any Person or Persons to have and take the Profit of the Labour of such poor Person or Persons; shall be wholly and severally, and the same are hereby wholly and severally, repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Confining tht this Act, k shall not be lawful for any Governor, Director, Guardian 1>oor ty Chains or Master, of any House of industry or Workhouse, on any Pretence, or M*°*cle* to chain, or confine by Chains or Manactes, any poor Person of un aw u*fane Mind.

CAP. CXXX.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled \An AB to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Seven* teenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled 4 An Act to amend and make more ejfeBual the Laws relating to Roguesy Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons ;

4 and to Houses of CorreBion / and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. [ift July 1816.]

4 TT 7 HEREAS the Laws now in force have been found inW sufficient to prevent idle and disorderly Persons from going 4 out armed in the Night time for the Destruction of Game: And 4 Whereas such Practices are found by Experience to lead to the 4 Commission of Felonies and Mureters; 1 For the more effectual Suppression thereof, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament .assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Ad made in the .Thirty 39*40 G 3* ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to C#5°'* extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Seventeenth Teqr of King George the Second, intituled 4 An Act to amend and male more ' effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and 4 disorderly Persons; and to Houses of Corrsdion, ' be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any ^Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, unlawfully enter ipto or be found ^the"

U u 3 in

56° GEO. 111.

A.D. 181&

Night time, with apparent Intent to kill or destroy Game, may, on Conviction, be transported, &c.

Returning.

Transportatioa for Life.

Such Persons may be apprehended and conveyed before a Justice, who in Default of Bail may commit them.

in any Forest, Chase, Park, Wood, Plantation, Close or other open or indofed Ground in the Night time, that if to say, between the Hours of Eight of the Clock at Night and Seven in the Morning, from the First Day of OSoher to the First; Day of March* or between the Hours of Ten at Night and Four in the Morning, from the First Day of March to the First Day of Qgobtr, in each and every Year, having any Gun, Net, Engine or other Instrument, for the Purpose and with the Intent to destroy, take or kill, or shall wilfully destroy, take or kill any Hare, Rabbit, Pheasant, Partridge, Heath Fowl commonly called Black Game, or Grouse commonly called Red Game or any other Game $ or if any Person or Perfeos Audi be found with any Gun, Fire Arms, Bludgeon or with any other offensive Weapon, protecting, aiding, abetting or assisting aay such Person or Persons as aforesaid, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of a Mit demeanor, and shall be sentenced to Transportation for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or shall receive such other Puniihsxat as may by Law be in Aided on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors, sad as the Court before which such Offenders may be tried and convifred shall adjudge; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain before the Expiration of the Term for which be or they shall be so transported, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, he or they so returning, and being thereof duly coavicted, Audi be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be sentenced to Transportation for the Term or Terms of his or their natural Life or Lives.

III. And for the more easy and speedy bringing the Offenders against this Act to Justice, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Ranger and Rangers, and to and for the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers, of any such Forest, Chase, Park, Wood, Plantation, Close or other open or iadafcd Ground, and also for his, her or their Keeper and Keepers, Servant and Servants, and alfe for aay other Person or Persons to feixe and apprehend, or to assist in seizing and apprehending such Offender or Ottendera by virtue of this Act, and by the Authority of the same to convey and deliver such Offender or Offenders into the Custody of a Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and directed to convey such Offender or Offenders before same One of His Majesty's Justice* of the Peace for the County or Place where such O fence shall be alledged to have been committed; or in case such Offender or Offenders shall not be fe apprehended, then k shall and may be lawful for any such Justice, on Information before him, on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witneffss, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Offender or Offenders; and if upon the Ap»

Jrehension of any such Offender or Offenders, it shall appear to such nftice on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witaeflet, that the Person or Persons so charged hath or have been guihy of any or either of the said Offences, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to admit such Person or Persons fe charged to Bail, and in Default of Bui to commit such Person or Persons to the County Gad until the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or the next General Commission of Gaol Delivery to be bolden for the same County or Place, there to be tried and dealt with aa by this Act is directed.

CAP.

A.D. 1816<

SG° GEO. in.

C.131, 132,

663

i CAP. CXXXI.

An Act to revive and continuet until the Fifteenth Day of June .

One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more 1 effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding. [ift July j8i6, ]

i 4 WHEREAS ao Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of 5*0.3. C17.

C 4 YV His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, tj enforcing toe Dutiet of, Watching and Warding, until the First Day of March One thousand

; 4 eight hundred and fourteen, in Placet where jDjflurhancee prevail or

4 are apprehended: And Whereas it is expedient that the same should

4 be revived and continued j' Be it therefore enacted by The Ring's, Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confept of me

j Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

roent assemblrd, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act Recited Aa rs-fl»n, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby rived and coo. revived and continued until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand tinu*d* eight hundred and seventeeo.

CAP. CXXXII.

An Act for enlarging the time for making the Award respecting His Majesty's Allotments under an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Windsor Forest; and for extending the Provisions of the said Act.

[ift July 1816.] g

WJ HEREAS bj an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the 53 0.3-, 5 # 4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting in I5'

4 If it Mqjqfiy certain Partt of Windsor Forest in the County of Bents 5 4 and for inciting the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest9 4 it was, amongst other things, enacted, that the Commissioner therein 4 appointed on the behalf of His Majesty for the Purposes of the said Act, and the Commissioner to be appointed for and on tbf 4 behalf of the several Proprietors of Land in the several Pari (he#

4 therein mentioned, Should in their respective Parishes appoint,

4 ascertain and set out the Public Carriage Roads and Highways 4 therein mentioned, over the Lands and Grounds to be allotted 4 and let out to His Majesty; and that all such Public Carriage 4 Roads and Highways which should be so ordered by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, with all nccefiiury Drains, Watercourses, Arches, Bridges and Fences thereto, mould be made and 4 for ever thereafter repaired and maintained at the proper Coft#

4 and Charges of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succefibrs: And 4 Whereas for the better making and keeping in Repair the several 4 Roads, Highways, Drams, Watercourses, Arches, Bridges and 4 Fences which by the said recited Act are directed to be made and 4 kept in Repair by and at the Expence of His Majesty, it is expedient that Provision Should be made for ensuring the making and 4 repairing such Roads, Highways, Drains, Watercourses, Arches,

4 Bridges and Fences according to the true Intent and Meaning of the 4 laid recited A&$' Be it therefore enacted by The King"s Most

U u*Excellent

648

Rate Books to be admitted Eridence.

Commissioners may borrow Money*

Form of Mortgage.

Money may be raised by Annuities.

G128. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 1SII

Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance M allowed.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Books of Rates to delivered by the Collector or other Officers to the said Commifion for executing this Act, and all Entries afterwards made tberoo, examined Copies thereof respectively, shall be received in Evidence the Rates imposed by virtue of this Act, and the Payment of ii Rates, or such of them, or such Part thereof, as shall by such Earns appear to have been paid to such CoUe&ors.

L1V. And for the more speedily raffing Money for the Pirpeie of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawfaitoMfa laid Commissioners for executing this A Cl, and they are hereby at powered from time to time, to horrow and take up at Iotmi a Sum or Sums of Money, upon the Credit of the Rates or A&i ments hereinbefore granted; and by Writing under their Hud* at Seals to mortgage or assign over the said Rates or Akffma; a any Part thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall aaiawe or lend such Monies, or his or their Trullee or Trustee«, «a$tciGtf for the Money so to be borrowed, together with Interest for so same; and every such Mortgage or Assign meat may he accoriaf to the Form following; (videlicet, )

TJY virtue of an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Rep

4* of King George the Third, intituled [set forthtbtTdtf& 4 AS"} We being

of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the ki Ad, for 4 paving, cleaning, lighting, watering and watching so Streets,

Squares, Circusses, Ways, Courts and other public Pa&ga

c Places, within the Limits mentioned in the said Act, h Colfc*

4 ation of the Sum of advanced udhntbr

4 A.B % to C. 23. (the Treafarer appointed in pursuance of fo&i* Act) upon the Credit of the Rates and Assessments tobesude by virtue of the said Act for the Purposes aforesaid, A ' and assign unto the said A. 2L his Executors, Administrttvsai 4 Assigns, such Proportion of the said Rates or AssessmetfSjtsfo 4 said Sum of doth or shall bear to tise wisok

4 Sum which is or shall be borrowed upon the Credit of so kid 4 Rates or AiTeffinents to be had and holden from this Dav, iff J 4 the said Sum of with Interest o(

tf per Centum per Annum for the same, to be

4 Half Yearly, shall be repaid and satisfied. In Witness wWt 4 We have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, this 4' Day of./

And every such Assignment shall be good) valid and effrctual io k Law.*1 1

LV. Provided always, and be it*further enacted, That in oA the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall think it able to raise all or any Part of the Money necefiaryforthcFtn^ aforesaid, by the granting of Annuities for the Life or Lira! Person or Persons, then it IhaH be lawful for such CommiS^ and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by any Writing Writings under their Hands and Seals, to grant any Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, iduace and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for executing this Act any Sunr or Sums of Money for the absolute

* PurcWe

c.m

56° GEO. III.

M5

Year aforesaid, shall be laid and assessed upon all and every the Per- received of fons and Person who shall inhabit, hold and occupy the Houses, Occujnm* Buildings, Prcmifee, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables,

Cellar^ Vaults, Buildings or Tenements, rated and aflefied under the Provisions of the said last recited Act, (except where any other or fpedal Provision is made in the said Act in relation te the Payment of Rates, ) and shall and may be demanded and taken, allowed and recovered, from and upon such Tenants and Occupiers as aforesaid; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstandxng*

L.XXV. And Whereas it may happen that same of the Com*

missionerg of Pavement, Committeemen, Vestrymen or Trustees,

4 hereinbefore mentioned, may have entered into and be under same

Contract or Agreement which may be subsisting, and may not

' have e at the this Act, with

4 gers, s or otl, pr the doing and performing

4 some of the Works within their respective Diftnds which are by 4 this Act authorized or dureded to be hereafter done and performed

by the Commissioners for executing this Act, or the Persons em-1 ployed by them, or for the Cupplyuig some of the Materials for

the same, or for watering the said Streets, Squares, Curcufies,

Ways, Courts, Pafiages or Places, or some of them, and as such 4 Works and Services will hereafter be performed, and such Materials provided by the Commissioners for executing this Act, so far

|*as the same relate to the said Streets, Squares, Circufies* Ways,

; Courts, pafiages and Places, which (hatt ne within the Limits of

i 4 their Jurisdiction under the Provisions of this Act, or by Persons 4 by them employed, it is just and reasonable that a proportionate

Dedudipn or Abatement should be made to such Comnuffipners 4 of Pavement, Committeemen, Vestrymen or Trustees, by the Person or Persons who have so contracted with thou rcipedively,

4 to perform such Works or Services, or to fuppty such Materials in 1 respect of such Parts of the said Contracts as will cease to be performed by them. from and after the passing of this Act; ' Be it therefore enacted. That in every such case the Person or Persons When Co-who shall have so contracted to perform such Works or Services, or unA»hav# been to supply such Materials, shall abate and allow unto the said Commif-

doners of Pavement, Committeemen, Vestrymen or Trusteea with pa?€mtntl*c, ' whom every such Contract shall be made, out of the Monies thereby so Work, which contracted to he paid to him or them, a fair and reasonable Sum or will hereafter be Sums in respect of such of the said Works and Services which are don# by the hereafter to be done and performed, and of such Materials which are hereafter to be provided by the Commissioners for executing this th# contraQor* Ad, or the Persons to be employed by them as aforesaid, as such fall make an Contrador or Contradors would otherwise have been found to have Abatement in doae, performed or provided, under or by virtue of such Contract or Contracts if this Act had not been paired; which Sum or Sums doT

so to be abated or allowed shall bear the same Proportion to the performed by whole Sum or Sums which would otherwise have become doe or. them payable under the said Contract or Contracts to any such Contrador or Contradors for the whole of the Works or Services which would haw been done and performed, and for all the Materials which would have been provided by him or them in respect of the whole Diftrjd or Limit comprised in such Contract or Contracts, as the Surfttce or superficial Quantity of such Part of the Land or Ground comprised

C.12*.

56° GEO, III.

AJU

Mode of transferring Securities.

Form of Transfer.

Entries or Memorials of all Mortgagee, &c. to be entered itt a Book.

pee for Entry.

Application of the Money arising from Rates.

the Purposes aforesaid $ and that before any such Money I borrowed, or any such Bond fold, or Annuity granted, ft Days* Notice at the lead shall be given in fomc Newfoapmpi in London or We/hunfier, signifying the Intention ot borrows Money, or granting such Annuities.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That k shall be hwtf I Persons entitled to any of the Securities or Orders for tie 1 borrowed, or for the Annuities granted and ordered to aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands mdorfcd there, tod the same respectively to any Person or Persons, aceor&g I Form following $

J if. 5. do hereby assign the witta HflC

' [or, Bond for thd Payment of the within mentiosed An and all my Right and Title in and to the Principal Mitt

Interest [or, Annuity, and all Arrears now due tlima hi c of the within written Bond] thereby secured untoC.D, M

tors, Administratora and Assigns. Dated the c Day of

And Entries or Memorials, of all Mortgages or Bonds for the Payment of Annuities, which (lull be oka 4 aforesaid, and of all Transfers thereof, expressing bWflriiJtti the Names, Additions, Places of Abode and other prsperlw tions of all such Persons as shall from time to mham the Principal Money and Interect, or the Annum WfHN ively secured, shall be entered in a Book to be fapktanf by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for which Book any Person interested shall at all fafa&tal Access, and (haul have free Liberty to insped the hat, iMMt or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Trwftr*M ment the said Clerk shall be paid Five Snillings andnittlj every such Transfer or Assignment, after such J^trytkflfaK said, shall entitle the Person or Persons to whootkfmli made, and his, her or their Executors, AdmiuftntanalW to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred; ni A N to whom such Mortgages or Alignments, or Bondi foruy hm shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Mosey or Am thereby secured, shall be, in proportion to the Suui thermM ively mentioned, Creditors on the said Rates or AMk*4 One with another, without any Preference in respectotkfi of advancing such Money, or the Dates of ay such Alignments or Bonds respectively.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all the Money to or from the said Rates or Afiefiments, and which suybcbem or advanced upon or received for the Purchase of any A* the Credit or Security thereof, shall be applied in piriq^1 charging the Expeaces attending the obtauung and paafAii and afterwards from time to time in paying the burfd Principal Money to be borrowed, and the Annuities tofc aforesaid, and in paying and discharging the (Several Purdnk Ml and in making the several Compensations and Satkfa&oaikfti fore directed, and in making such Allowances to thefcienlh who shall have paved any oftthe laid Streets, Squares or otherfl Passages or Places, and i % defraying the Expences of forming ing, making, raising in, ornamenting and embdliflung the mM

657

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C.128.

the said first, recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXVIIl. And be it further enacted, That towards reimbursing the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone the Expence to be incurred in new paving, or in relaying and paving the said Streets, Circusses, Ways, Courts or Passages io to be paved by the said Vestrymen 1 of the said Parish of Saint Mary It bone, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Vestrymen for the time being of the said Parish to charge and aftefs all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy or enjoy any Dwelling House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stables, Celiar, Vault, Building, Tenement or other Hereditament, the Street or Ground in front of which shall be so new paved, with such Part of the Costs, Charges and r Expences of providing and laying down or relaying such Pavement, by way of Composition for the same, as is usual and customary to i be charged upon or taken by Composition from any other Inhabitants of the said Parish, for or in respect of any newly erected Houses or other Buildings in the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone,

; for or towards the Expences of paying the Street opposite such

: Houses or other Buildings, but not to or with any greater or other

Part, Share or Proportion of such Costs, Charges or Expences, and

i to levy and raise the same by every such Ways and Means as any

; other Rates or AftefTments or Composition can or may be levied

or raised by such Vestrymen, by any Power or Authority in them I vested under any Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise. j ' LXXIX. And Whereas such of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments which are intended to be taken and used under

the Provisions and for the Purposes of the said first recited Act

4 as are situate in the Parish of Saint Mary It bone, or are rated to.

4 that Parish, do now stand assessed and rated in the Books of the

4 said Parish of Saint Mary It bonet for or towards the paving, lighting and watching the Streets and other Places in the said Parish, as being altogether of the Yearly Rent or Value of Six thousand 4 and eighty four Pounds; and ini order to prevent any Loss or 4 Diminution to the said Parish in such Rental, by reason of the car. 4 rying the said first recited Act into Execution, or any additional 4 Burthen being imposed by the said Parish, in respect of any Increase in the Rental by the Buildings and Improvements which may 4 be made in the Execution of the said Act, it hath been agreed, that for all the Purposes of rating and assessing the same to the

several Rates and Assessments for paving, lighting, watching,

cleansing and repairing the several Streets and Squares within the said Parish, or rated thereto, the said Houses, Buildings, Lands 4 and Hereditaments so to be taken and used as aforesaid, and the

Buildings hereafter to be erested, shall be permanently considered,

deemed and taken to be of the said Yearly Value of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds, whether the actual Rental thereof

shall be more or lefsNow therefore be it further enacted, That all the Houses, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments so to be taken and used as aforesaid, and also the Houses and Buildings to be erected on the said Lands, shall for ever hereafter, in making any Rates or Assessments for the paving, repairing, watching, lighting and cleansing the several Streets and other Places in the said Parish of Saint Mary It bone, be charged and assessed, or rated thereto, as

56 Geo. III. U u being

Vestrymen authorized to levy a Rate on Occupier* of Houses, fcc. to defray Expence of paving, &c.

The Houses, &c* in the Parish of St. Mary le bone intended to be placed under the Provisions of 53 c.111.

being now rated

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

AM

per, and the Interest thereof, at such lower Kate as aforcM to pay off and discharge the Mortgages, Alignments or Sea bearing a higher Rate of Interest.

Commissioneri LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said QmsA annually to for executing this A A shall, at their Second Meeting is mj mike rAC" cau^c an Account of the Monies received and disbursri in tk criptiandDif- ceding Year, and the Amount of the Arrears of Rato da Uirfanents. and of the Balance of Cash in Hand, to be made out, wiiidcfl it shall be lawful for all Persons rated or assessed under ribrii of this Act to the Rates or Assessments aforesaid, and tl Pa interested therein, at all seasonable times to insped.

Recovery of LXV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and R Penalties. tures hereinbefore imposed (the manner of recovering wfedi i hereby otherwise directed) shall be levied and recovered byDi and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Ofts by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Sedb of Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or fix* sis the Offender or Offenders shall be or relide, which Wimatt Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, upos6 section of the Party, or upon the Information of any credit Wb upon Oath; and such Penalties and Forfeitures (orfuck of tk or such Part thereof, as are or is not directed to beotMeiffi by this Act) shall be paid to the Treafuner to the toi OaaSm for executing this Act, and applied for such of tkfurpcfasfc Ifnot sufficient said, as such Commissioners shall think proper; udisctfeM cient Distress shall not be found, or such PenateaaWdOB

shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice or Justices audattad authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their M t Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender orOfafat Imprisonment. be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Com

such County or Place, there to remain without BaftorMi*p»j any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless id M or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending tkfccw thereof, shall be sooner paid and fadsfted.

Commissioners LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Coruini&B

in Cormpiffion of as are or shall be Justices of the Peace may ad as Jufbces is aft as*jSicesf Matters under the Authority of this Act, not with standingtlwrie Commissioners; and that in all cases where any Justice or Jabs the Peace is or are authorized by this Act to examine any Ms Persona on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for such Jdw Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required to admiiiifafc Oath, or to take any Affirmation, inhabitants may LXV II. And be it further enacted, That in all Adioos, Proko tivs Evidence, tions, Informations, causea and Proceedings whatsoever, riqM or concerning the Execution of this Act, no Person refidiq1* the Limits of this Act shall be deemed incompetent to gi«E^ by reason of such Person being charged with and liable Commissioners Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act; and that tfcWCoa to fueorbe sued missioners for executing this Act may sue or be fuedintklhl*'I'*9 rf of their Treasurer or Clerk > and that no A&oq to be brought 4 oc^Clerk.* OT a£a*nft the said Commissioners for executing this Act or uy I them, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be difcootiaacd M Death or Removal of any such Treasurer or Clerk; but that d Treasurer or Clerk for the time being to findi Coannffiosen k

ilflj

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.128.

659

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Provifofor nothing herein contained shall operate, extend or be construed to abridge* take away, prejudice or affect any Jurisdiction, Power or Authority which is by Law now vested in the Commissioners of Sewers of the Districts in which the said Premises are lituate; but that all such Jurisdiction, Power and Authority, shall and may be exercised by such last mentioned Commissioners, in such and the like manner as if this Act had not been passed.

LXXXIII. And Whereas many Bodies Corporate and other 1 public Bodiea and many Periona formed into Societies for the Promotion and Advancement of the Arts, or of Literature and 4 Knowledge, or for Charitable or other useful Purposea, are ( frequently desirous of erecting Buildings for the transacting and

carrying on the several useful rurpofea m which they are engaged,

4 and are unable to obtain convenient Spots of Ground or Scitea for 4 such Buildings, or for Eaierpents and Accommodations thereto;

4 and it would be very beneficial to the Public if His Majesty, his

Heirs and Succeftbrt, was and were enabled to grant and veil in 4 any such Bodies Corporate or other public Bodies, Societies or 4 Persons, and their Succeilbrs, Heirs, Executors or Administrators

respectivtly, fufficxcnt Spots and Parcels of Land for the erecting 4 such Buildings thereon, or for Curtilages, AccefTcs or other Conveniencies, Easements or Accommodations to any Buildings erected 4 or to be eroded for the Purposes aforesaid, and also for

4 Cemeteries or Burial Grounds $' Be it therefore enacted, That HU Majesty The Kang's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall empowered to have full Power and Authority to give and grant to and vest in any lood, c* Body or Bodies Polhie or Corporate, or other public Bodies, Societ^Laod Societies or Persons, all or any Part of the Estate, Interest or for eredhng Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successor3, in any Lands, Buildings there-Tenements or Hereditaments within the Survey of the Court of on for the uieful Exchequer in England, fttuate within the Bills of Mortality, in order m

to be appropriated as a Scite or Scitea for erecting thereon any*

Building or Buildings for any of the Purposea aforesaid, or to be used as or for a Curtilage or Curtilages, or for an Access or Aecfeffes to any Budding or Buildings erected or to be erected for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or to be used for any Convenience,

Ea&ment or Accommodation thereto, or connected therewith, or for Cemeteries or Burial Grounds, and such Body or Bodies Corporate, or other public Bodies, Societies or Persons, and their Heirs, Sue-cefibrs, Executors or Administrators, shall have full Capacity and Ability to receive, take, hold and enjoy the same j and whenever it shall be the Pleasure of His Majesty, nis Heirs or Successors, to make a Grant for any such Purpose as aforesaid, it iKall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, to issue a Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands to any such Body or Bodies Corporate or other public Bodies, Societies or Persons as aforesaid, which Warrant Audi be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever, and shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the Xftvifioa or County within which the Premises therein specified shall be situate, and also in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty'* Woods, Forests and Land Revenue*; and such Auditor and fodh Coffimiflkmers having enrolled the fold Warrant

U u 2 shall

C. 12*,

66° GEO. III.

A.&1I

Certiorari.

Plaintiff'dull not recover after Tender of fuf-firient Amends.

Distress not unlawful for want of Form.

quathed for want natter or thing to be done or traniacted, in or relating to say ( of Form. plaint or Appeal, or any Order or Determination thereos ni

laid, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, orj moved or removable into any of His Majesty^a Court* of Ron Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefa whatsoever; ayj Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithlanding.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further eaa&d, TWl Plaintiff shall recover in any A&iou for any Irregubriry, Ifcj or wrongful Proceeding, made or committed in Execmm of J Ad, if sufficient Tender of Amends shall be made by oroife hi of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caofaluWl mitted anj such Irregularity, Trespass or wrongful ProcredingU such Action brought; and in cale no such Tender shall be I made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defeudaat* b uji Action*, by Leave of the Court where such Action flail dmq any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum cf Mfl as he or they shall lte fit, whereupon such Proceeding! or 04 and Judgment shall be had, made or given by such Coart, uaril Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money ion Cat LXXII. And be it further enacted, That whew ay Dm shall be made for Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, d Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the tatfcrM making the same be deemed a Trefpaffer or TrefosfaisfatffcN account of any Irregularity which shall after*? wUfelf* Party «r Parties dill raining; but the Person or bib yri by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfadios hbtapM Damage only in an Adlon on the case.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no A shall be commenced against any Person or Person* hrayd^1 be done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty ewklWl* thereof shall be given to the Clerk to the said Conrifaw b executing this Act, or after such sufficient SatjAfligefab thereof hath been made to the Party aggrieved, or afterSsObb Months next after the Fad committed; and every such*Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Mii&fa not elsewhere; and the Defendant in every such Action«shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act wi Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thmnp°*W that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority dffi Ad; and if the same shall appear to have been io done, or f Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty eight thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after fufficieot Sats* made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time herrinbefore w* for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other Cos*!* Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall fiud a VWttbw Defendant, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff Nonsuit, or discontinue his or her Action or Suit afterkj* fendant shall appear, or if upon Demurrer Judgment ftuib! against the Plamtiff, then the Defendant shall recover Tub1 and have such Remedy for the same as any Dcfradut A# Cofti of Suit in other cases of Law.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Rate* am roents authorized and allowed to be made, laid and assessed M

Limitation of Aftioos.

Treble Costs.

Rata* under

53 O.j. e. US.

made upon Commissioners under the last recited Act passed in the Fifty

IP GEO. III.

661

C.129, ISO.

themselves; or whereby any poor Person or Persons may be compelled to remain in any House of industry or Workhouse, until the Charges and Expepces to which any District, Parish, Town ship or Hamlet may have been put or become liable or chargeable for the Maintenance or Support of such poor Person or Persons, or any of his or her Family, shall be repaid or reimbursed or Satisfied by the Earnings or Labour of such poor Person or Persons; or whereby any poor Child or Children whomsoever is or are rendered liable to be apprenticed to any Governor, Director, or Master of any such House of industry or Workhouse; or whereby any Parish, Town, ftiip or Hamlec, at a greater Distance than Ten Miles from such House of industry or Workhouse, shall hereafter be empowered or authorized to become Contributors to, or to take the Benefit of such House of industry or Workhouse; or whereby any Diredore,

Governors, Guardians or Masters of any such House or industry or Workhouse, are authorized or empowered to hire out any poor Person or Persons of full Age, or to contract or agree with any Person or Persons to have and take the Profit of the Labour of such poor Person or Persons; shall be wholly and Severally, and the same are hereby wholly and Severally, repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Con6ntng th# this Act, k shall not be lawful for any Governor, Director, Guardian 1>oor7 Chains or Master, of any House of industry or Workhouse, on any Pretence, or£^|acle* to chain, or confine by Chains o? Manactes, any poor Person of w w fane Mind.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled an Act to extend the Provi/tons of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled*An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating 4 to Roguesy Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons; 4 and to Houses of Correction / and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. [id July 1816.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in force have been found in-

sufficient to prevent idle and disorderly Persons from going 4 out armed in the Night time for the Destruction of Game: And 4 Whereas such Practices are found by Experience to lead to the 4 Commission of Felonies and Mureters: ' For the more effectual Suppression thereof, may k therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a (Tern bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Ad made in the.Thirty 3940 G. ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to c'o0*!* extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Seventeenth Teqr of King George the Second, intituled 4 An Act to amend and .male more 4 ejfeBual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and 4 disorderly Persons; and to Houses of Corrsdiojn, 9 be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any JPcr^on or Persons Per^D*

shall, after the passing of this Act, unlawfully enter ipto or be found

tt « q a

CAP. CXXX.

m

CU-28.

56° GEO. III;

d

Paving the Strtets, kc. in Saint Mary le bone ft ill fubjr£t to the Veftry-men of that PariOu

Watch Boxes and Lamps to be provided by the Commtftioners, and afterwards

prised within the Limits of such Contrail or Contn&sui put under the Jurisdiction of the Commissionert, appointed appointed by virtue of this Act, shall bear to the whole Si Superfical Quantity of the Land or Ground comprised in, I or to which such Contract or Contracts shall extend; and Commissionert, Committeemen, Vestrymen and Trustccs, an authorized and empowered to retain and make such Dedai Abatement accordingly, from and out of the Sum or Sussof which they would otherwise have had to pay or allow: ? i: Contractor or Contractors under or by virtue ofanyfdCc or Contract as aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That such of the Circusses, Ways, Places, Courts or Passages comprised v ProvKions of the said first recited A# as are situate or lie wit said Parish of Saint Mary le bone shall, notwitMaoding aar Provisions of this present A#, remain and be subject to thei Controul and Jurisdiction of the Vestrymen of the said fta Saint Mary le bone; and that the Duty, Power and Aatkd paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting and watching the fast$6 Circusses, Ways, Courts or Passages shall be and re/naii «f the Vestrymen of the said Parish for the time being, who Gal the same Streets, Circusses, Ways and Places to be wild t tually paved over, both irir the Carriage and Footap wid Materials of the present Pavement, so far as thr&w«2exte and with such Quantity of new Materials as fcaftkiqafe&rtl Purpose, and shall and will relay, repair and make god nay I of such last mentioned Streets, Circusses, Ways, Courts ad which shall be disturbed or altered in carrying the hod Ml w A# into Execution, to the good Liking and SatishfonoftlitC missioners for the time being, for carrying the said first rated; and this A# into Execution.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the CmaX* to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act shall place and affix such and so many good and substantial Wadik for the Watclimen, and such and so many proper 2nd fiiriba

kept in Repair Lamp Pods, Lamp Irons, with Lamps and Burners for kgfctof by the Veftry- same Circusses, Streets and Places, of such Dimeufioni mi ()a wieo of St. Mary and at such Distances from each other, and to be painted sod UK le bone. in such manner as shall accord and correspond with the Pi its*

Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons and Watch Boxes which shall beadr< set up in the other Parts of such intended New Street, or as sou similar thereunto as Circumstances will permit; and that tk Watch Boxes, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons, with Lamp Buraefij b for ever after the Erection thereof, by the said Commissioumkl be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, be kept in spiff such Vestrymen, or by and at the Expence of the Pariw to* Mary le bone; and that the foie Right and Property ments, Stones, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons and Watch at any time hereafter to be laid, erested, set up and fixed is W of the said Streets, Circusses, Ways, Courts or Passages coc^ within the Provisions of the said first recited Act, as are or tSwk / situate within the said Bari(h of Saint Mary le font, M

to and be and continue to be veiled in the said Vestrymen of # said Parish of Saint Mary If born for the time being, any tto;1

56° GEO- III.

C. 131, 132,

663

CAP. CXXXI.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June

One thousand eight hundred and Seventeen, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more eflfeftual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding. [ift July j8i6«]

\WHEREAS ao Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of 5* 0*3* c*7*

W His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more

4 effectual P ref creation of the Peace, by enforcing toe flutter of

Watching and Warding, until the First Day of March One thousand 4 eight hundred and fourteen in Place, s where Disturbances prevail or 4 are apprehended: And Whereas it is expedient that the same should

be revived and continued Be it therefore enacted by The Ring's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thin present Parliament assembkd, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act Recited Aare-£bafl, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby vived and con. revived and continued until the Fifteenth Day of June One thoufanu tinu*d-right hundred and Seventeen.

CAP. CXXXII-An Act for enlarging the time for making the Award respecting His Majesty's Allotments under an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Windsor For eft; and for extending the Provisions of the said Act.

£ift July 1816.J

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the 530,

W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for yefting in I38. 4 Hie Mtyyfty certain Parts of Windsor Forest in the County of Berks 5 4 and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest,

4 it was, among* other things, enacted, that the Commissioner therein 4 appointed on the behalf of His Majesty for the Purposes of the said Act, and the Comraiflioner to be appointed for and on the

behalf of the Several Proprietors of Land in the Several Parishes 4 therein mentioned, (hotud in their respective Parishes appoint,

4 ascertain and Set out the Public Carriage Roads and Highways 4 therein mentioned, over the Lands and Grounds to be allotted 4 and Set out to His Majesty; and that all such Public Carriage 4 Roads and Highways which should be so ordered by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, with all necelfaxy Drains, Watercourses, Arches, Bridges and Fences thereto, mould be made and 4 for ever thereafter repaired and maintained at the proper Cost*

4 and Charges of His Majesty, his Heirs and Sucpessors; And 4 Whereas for the better making and keeping in Repair the Several 4 Roads, Highways, Drains, Watercouries, Arches, Bridges and 4 Fences which by the said recited Act are directed to be made and 4 kept in Repair by and at the Expence of His Majesty, it is expedient that Prpviiion should be made for ensuring the making and 4 repairing such Roads, Highways, Drains, Watercouries, Arches,

4 Bridges and Fence* according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act j' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most

U u i Excellent

65$

C.128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1

in the Parish Books at 6P84L per Aranam, Avail continue to be so rated for the Paving, fcc. under this Act.

Vestrymen to have the same Powers to levy Rates.

Provide for Acts relating to St. Mary k bone, except where hereby altered.

Langham Place Pavement to be veiled in the Vestrymen of St. Mary !e bone.

being altogether and in the Whole of the Yearly Rent of Vi Six thousand and eighty four Pounds, and no more; tod th shall, from and after the paf&ng of this Act, and for ever tta be charged and assessed at the said Yearly Rent of Six thoofa eighty four Pounds, whether the Rents or Values of the (a be more or left, and that such Yearly Rent or Value shall bet and divided rateably and proportionably upon all the Hoofaj] logs, Lands and Hereditaments so to be taken and ofed for the poses aforesaid, situate within the said Parish of Saint M*jk or rated thereto, or upon the Owners or Occupiers thereof; ad no greater Rate of Sum shall be at any time hereafter charged any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, or ops new eroded Buildings or Improvements to be made them upon any Persons for or in respect thereof, who do or fttall id hold, occupy or enjoy the lame, for or towards the paving, repd deandng, lighting and watching the several Streets and other! in the said rariln of Saint Mary le bone, or ratal thercty i Pound Rate, bearing the same Proportion to the said Aoudtt Six thousand and eighty four Pounds as shall he chagedmli other Inhabitants of the said Parish, in reference to or nitM the Ycariy Rent or Value at which their respectiwHwfaW rated and assessed in the Books of the said Parish, to tk tah nespective Rates aforesaid, but that the said Veftrymoi «f fib I Parish of Saint Mary k bone shall and map and berm M authorized and empowered, from time to timefavpfift this Act, to rate and assess all such Houses, Builtotfdnm ihents so to be taken Or used by the said Couunhm^Bil Houses and Buildings hereafter to be erected audbdtatW Olr the Owners or Occupiers thereof, for the pavbg, tow deansing, lighting and watching the same, at the Amd W Sum of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds, whether tkhse II he of dial actual Rent or Value or not; and that the MM* Aafi have the fatae Powers and Authorities for taising, iecri«|ll levying the same as they now have forJevying and nulintfa*^ Rates Within the said Parish, under ana by virtue of the W of Parliament for the Management and Regulation of thcW*

LXXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That noth contained shall extend or be con ft rued to extend to alter, weaken any of the Powers, Clauses, Provisoes, Enidnwtt thbrities contained in the several Acts of Parfiaificntfor^ the Affairs of the Parish of Saint Mary k bone in the C* Mtd&kft*, except so far as the same ate by this Act altemlai but that the same several Powers and Authorities shall reaaai in full Force and Effect as if this Act had not palH1 hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithttandio|.

LXXXI. And Whereas several Persons in that Parti#

Street called Lattgbam Place have already paved 4 said new Streets as lies in front of their respectisflj#

4 Grounds thereto belonging ; Be it enacted, That all tk W so laid down shall be and become the Property tod ffW Vestrymen of the said Parish of Saint Mary le boot fat being, upon their paying to the said nespective Persons tk between the Composition usually taken by the hid VcttfpJ paving the Streets within the said Parish, and the Sea t expended on the same.

A.D. 1816. 56 GEO, III. C. 132.

Watercourse, Arch, Bridge and Fence thereto so complained of, as the said Just ices shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the Parish or Parishes in which such Road or Highway, Drain, Watercourse, Arch, Bridge and Fence thereto so complained of, shall be situate, to be by them applied in or about the making or Repairs of the Road or Highway, Drain, Watercourse, Arch, Bridge or Fence thereto so complained of, and which Sum or Sums the said Commissioners or Surveyor General are hereby authorized and required to advance out of any Money in their or his Hands arising from the Land Revenue of the Crown not specifically appropriated by or under the Authority of any Alt or Acts of Parliament; and which Sum or Sums such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways is and are hereby also required to lay out accordingly: Provided always, that no Proceedings shall be had on any Such Petition, unless it shall appear to the said Justices that a true Transcript or Copy thereof shall have been delivered to the said Commissioners of Wooas, Forests and Land Revenue, or the said Surveyor General for the time being, or one of them, or their Secretary or known Officer, at the Office of the said Commissioners or Surveyor General for the time being. Twenty one Days at least before the First Day of any Quarter Sessions at which the matter of the said Petition (nail be heard, and the like Notice shall in all cases be given previous to any subsequent Proceeding on the Matter of any such Petition.

II. And for the better enabling such Justices in Quarter Session* to determine the Matter of any such Petition, be it enacted, That every Person and Persons who shall be required by any Subpoena or other legal Process to attend any Court of Quarter Sessions aforesaid as a Witness or Witnesses, to testify the Truth touching the matter in Dispute respecting the making or repairing any such Road, Highway, Drain, Watercourse, Arch, Bridge or Fence thereto, in manner aforesaid, shall attend in obedience to every such Subpoena or other legal Process; and in case of Nonappearance of any such Witness or Witnesses pursuant to such Subpoena or other legal Process, he, (he or they (nail be subject and liable to such and the like Pains and Penalties as any other Witness or Witnesses making default is or are liable to by Law, in cases of the like Nature, in which such Court of Quarter Session shall have competent Jurisdiction or Authority.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall in any Examination, Affidavit, Deposition or Affirmation to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act, in or before any Court of Quarter Session as aforesaid, or in or before any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever, knowingly or wilfully swear or affirm any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending shall on Conviction thereof be deemed guilty of Peijury, and shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Peijury are now subject and liable to.

L*IV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of*the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty for vesting in His Majesty 4 certain Parte of Wmdfor Forest in the County of Berks, and for

tnclofng

6 63

piid by Commissioners of Woods and Forests for making and repairing Road; , Sec.

No Proceedings unless Copy of Petition deli* vered to Commissionera % l Days before Quarter Sessions*

Witnesses to attend Quarter Sessions.

Default*

Penalty.

Swearing faliely.

Peijury.

55 O.3. e»il*. i z.

56 GEO. III.

Immediately after Enrolment of Grant, Grantees taken to be in the artual Seisin of Premifet specified in the Warrant.

Com million ers of L«od Revenue in their Report to certify all such Grants.

Certain Enact* menu in Local Poor Alts, parted since the Commencement of the Reign of Geo. x. arto compelling poor Persons to go to Housei of Industry, &c. repealed.

C. 128, 129.

AJX!

shall certify fitch Enrolment at the Foot or on the Back t' under his or their Hand or Hands, and return the said Wan the Grantee or Grantees of such Lands and Premises, and fine immediately after such Enrolment thereof the respectireGi named in such Warrant, and their Heirs, Snccessort, Execut Administrators, shall by force of this Act be adjudged, dews taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the Premifa said Warrant specified, and shall hold and enjoy the hat t absolutely and in Perpetuity, or for such limited EfUte, To Interect, and under and subject to such Referratiomof Renton Acknowledgements or Restrictions in relation to the BA be erected thereon, and the Form, Elevation or Design th the Line on which the same shall range, or the Ufei or Pm to which the same shall be applied, or any other Regnii Restrictions or Provisions in regard thereto, as to The Kiag't I Excellent Majesty shall seem meet, and in such Warn* hi specified, inserted, directed or contained; any Law, StflftorM to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further ended, Tht Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests sod Lnd lam for the time being, shall, in every Report which shall be nk them to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, and to both Hoi of Parliament, touching or concerning the Land Remm if t Crown, from and after the passing of this Act, certt^r and rrpi every Grant which shall have been made under and by virtaeof d Provisions of this Act, since the time of the aaduag tier hi preceding Report, and to whom and for what Pnrpcfe tk (at shall have been made, and what Land or Ground U be therein, and all other Particulars relating thereto.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to repeal certain Provisions in Local Acts fa tj Maintenance and Management of the Poor.

WHEREAS divers Local Ada of Parliament ba* h

W passed, containing Enactments relative to the Jta«and Regulation of the Poor, varying the general Law wnhi

< to particular Districts, Parishes, Townflups or Hamlets;

< is expedient that some of such Enadments should be rep Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent M^ei and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiots Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ifie&ta by the Authority of the same. That all Enadments and Free contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament since the Goae meat of the Reign of His late Majesty King Gwpikf whereby any poor Person or Persons, other than fid*actually apply for and receive Parochial Relief, are made compellable to go or remain in any House of lefoh Work haute % or whereby any poor Person or Perfooi art detained or kept in any House of Industry or Workbouse; Discretion of the Governors or Directors thereof, or i Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any District, Township or -Hamlet, after such Persons are capable of nuiol

i A-D. 1816.

S6-GEO.IIL

C. 132.

667

i

*«

k

I,

: r

: »x

31

: u

a

r.

e:

: i

M

tf

t

I.

J

V

jj

l

f

i

I

4 Regard of the Cud Forest, then such Jury or Juries should find for the Plaintiff, and then and in such case the said Manor and Parish 4 should be deemed to be within the Provisions of the said Act, and 4 the Commons and Waftc Lands thereof should be subject to such

Providons and Regulations as to the Proportion thereof to be

awarded to His Majesty, as were in the said Act contained in

relation to the said Parifties and Manors, and Wades and Commons*

4 within the Regard of the said Forest; but if it should appear to the said Jury that His Majesty was entitled to Forestal Rights within 4 the same Manor and Parish, but that such Rights had been dim*

4 nished or reftrided by Grants or Charters, or other Means, so as 4 that such Forestal Rights of His Majesty were not so entendre in the said Manor and Parish as in the other Parifties and Manors 4 mentioned in the said Act, then and in such last mentioned case such 4 Jury or Juries should find and declare by their Verdict, that His Majesty had only limited Forestal Rights in the said Manor and 4 Parish which should be indorsed on the Postea; and then the said Jury or Juries, in addition to the Verdict or Verdicts given in the 4 I due or Issues joined, should a fiefs and award what Proportion of the Soil of the Waste and Open Lands within the fine Manor and 4 Parish would be a just and fair Compensation Cor Inch His said 4 Majesty'a Forestal Rights therein: And Whereas the said Issue was 4 tried before a Special Jury at the Summer Assizes in the Year One 4 thou fend eight hundred and fourteen, holden for the said County of 4 Berks, when such Jury trying the Came (among other things) found 4 by their Verdict, that the said Manor and Parish of Es^bamtfiead,

4 continually from time immemorial, had been and were within the 4 Metes and (except the said Park) Parcel of the said Forest, and 4 that the said Park was, up to and until the Second Day of Jwne 4 in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles 4 the First, also within the Metes and Parcel of the said Forest, and 4 that the said Park of EaihamfjUad was situate within the said Manor and Parish of Eastbampfiead, and that His present Majesty 4 was not entitled to any Forestal Right or Inteceft within the said Park; but that the same Park was exempt from all the Laws of the said Forest, and all the Rights of the Crown in refpcd thereof ;

4 and the said Jury also found that His said present Majesty, and His 4 Predecefiors, Kings and Queens of England, had continually, from 4 tune immemorial, within the same Manor and Parish (except in the said Park, from the said Second Day of June in the Twelfth Year 4 of the Reign of His Cud late Majesty King Charles the First) exercised such Forestal Rights and Interests as were churned by and 4 belonged to His Majesty in and over the Parifties and Places within 4 the Regard of die said Forest, and that before and on the Twenty 4 seventh Day of February in the Twentieth Year of the Reign 4 of the late King Henry the Third the had Manor and Parish were

within the Regard of the said Forest, but whether or not His said 4 present Majesty was entitled to any Forestal Right or Intend 4 within the said Manor tad Parish of Eafibamgfisad out of the find 4 Park, for which a Compenfetkm ought to be made trader and by 4 virtue of the had Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, the had Jury had they were ignorant, and 4 therefore by a Special Verdict referred the same to Set Barons of 4 Hia M$dLy's Court of Exchequer* in which Court the said

Action

e

56°GEO. 111.

Night time, with apparent Intent to kill or destroy Game, may, on Conviction, be transparted, &c.

Returning.

Traofportatioa for Life.

Such Persons may be apprehended and conveyed before a Justice, who in Default of Bail may commit them.

c. iso.

AJUI

in any Forest, Chase, Park, Wood, Plantation, Close or other or inclosed Ground in the Night time, that it to lay, bet wee Hours of Fight of the Clock at Night and Seven in the Mot from the First Day of OSoher to the First Day of Meni between the Hours of Ten at Night and Four in the Morning, the First Day of March to the First Day of Ojiokr, in ed every Year, having any Gun, Net, Engine or other Inftnjme^ the Purpose and with the Intent to destroy, take or kiB, or wilfully destroy, take or kill any Hare, Rabbit, Pheasant, Paw Heath Fowl commonly called Black Game, or Grouse am called Red Game or iny other Game; or if any Person orN shall be found with any Gun, Fire Arms, Bludgeon or with other offensive Weapon, protecting, aiding, abetting or afiftw such Person or Persons as aforefaict, every Person so ofib&gj thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of i J demeanor, and shall be sentenced to Transportation for ay 7k not exceeding Seven Years, or shall receive such other ftafa as may by Law be infii&ed on Persons guilty of MiffancaM as the Court before which such Offenders may be tried ad oatt shall adjudge; and if any such Offender or Oibodmk&ito into Great Britain before the Expiration of the Term for wlssfc or they shall be so transported, contrary to the Intent sad ifea hereof, he or they so returning, and being thereof ddf Audi be adjudged guilty at Felony, and shall bt toad? Transportation for the Term or Terms of his ortfereWnlli or Lives.

III. And for the more easy and speedy bringing die Ofod against this Act to Justice, be it further enacted, Tnublw may be lawful to and for the Ranger and Rangers, sadtoadj the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers, of Chase, Park, Wood, Plantation, Close or other of«*Ground, and also for his, her or their Keeper and Keepn £* and Servants, and also for aay other Person or Perfoe, tfl^i apprehend, or to assist in feiziag and apprehending fuchOW^ Offenders by virtue of this A &, and by the Authority of tie mj convey and deliver such Offender or Offenders into the CoMf Peace Officer, who is hereby authorised and directed to cog* Offender or Offenders before some One of Hit the Peace for the County or Place where such Oboe alledged to have been committed; or in case such Ow* Offenders shall not be so apprehended, then k Hull andl*T lawful for any such Justice, on Information before 01^fc of any credible Witness or Wnnefies, to issue his Wanut Apprehension of such Offender or Offenders; tod if of* prehension of any such Offender or Offenders, k foal IPP*^Justice on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witoefo Person or Persons so charged hath or haw bees either of the said Offences, it shall and may be lawful for to admit such Person or Persons so charged to Bad, tdaJ of Bail to commit such Person or Persons to the^until the next General Quarter Sessions of the ftace* °*, ^General Commissio* of Gaol Delivery to he bslda «*..u

County or Place, Ad is dizoded.

there to be tried an4 4tik wtt*''

CA?'

A.D. 181&

56° GEO. Utr

C.1S2, ISS;

669

Quality and Situation considered, in satisfaction of His Majesty's Forestal Rights and Interests in and over the said Manor and Paiiih; but if the said Robert Gifford shall not make his Award on or before the time herein appointed for that Purpose, or if he shall award that His Majesty'B Forestal Rights and Interests in the said Manor and Parish are not diminished or reftrided in consequence of the said Park being found to be exempt from all the Laws of the said Forest and all the Rights of the Crown in respect thereof, then they the said Commissioners shall set out, allot and award, unto and for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, so much of the Open and Waste Lands within the said Manor and Parish as, Quantity, Quality and Situation considered, shall be equal to Nine thirty second Parts of the whole of the Waile Lands in the said Manor and Parish, in satisfaction of His Majesty's Forestal Rights and Interests in and over the said Manor and Parish, any thing herein or in the said recited Ada contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXXIII.

An Act for making Provision to defray the Annual Charge of any Loan of this Session of Parliament. [ift July 1816.]

< WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made 4 W for the Purpose of defraying the increased annual Charge 4 occasioned by any Loan made under the Authority of any Ad 4 passed in the present Session of Parliament; ' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament* assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after die Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, out of the Monies to arise by the Duties granted by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Butters there (half be set apart the yearly Sum of Nineteen thousand seven hundred and eighty seven Pounds; and out of the Monies to arise by another Act made in this Section of Parliament, intituled An Act for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Cheese, there shall be- set apart the yearly Sum of Fifteen thousand eight hundred and Seven Pounds3 and out of the Monies to arise by another Act of the same Session, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise on Hard Soap made in Great Britain and imported from Ireland, and to grant other Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks in lieu thereof there shall be set apart the yearly Sum of Six hundred and twenty nine thousand seven hundred and sixty Pounds; and out of the Monies to arise by Two other Acts of the same Session, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed and Cole Seeds and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof and An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs on Rape Seed Cakes, Linseed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fish (except Whale Fins) imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof there shall be set apart the yearly Sum of Three thousand nine hundred and sixty six Pounds; and after {ietting apart the said several Sums, being the aggregate Amount of the respective Duties on the said fe-veraT Articles for Two Years last past, the Remainder of the Monies

Certain Sums to be set apart arising under tht following Ada, vis.

c. 15. ante, c. 26. ante, c. 44. ante.

«.75. ante, c. 79. ante.

After felting apart the Sums i herein mentioned, the Remaiie* der shall be an Addition to the Public Revenue for defraying the Charge of any Loan of this Session.

66!t

C.132.

86* GEO. III.

A.av

Two Justices certifying that the Roads and Bridges, tec. directed to be made and kept in Repair by His Majesty under the recited Act, are not made, or out of Repair, Complaint to be made to Quarter Sefltons, if not made or put in Repair within Three Months.

And Quarter Sessions may or-'*5noey to be

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the! Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present M assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for asy Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Btr view all or any of the Roads, Highways, Drains, Warns Arches, Bridges and Fences thereto, which, in and by the lain Ad, His Majesty is liable to make or repair, and by aCra and Notice in Writing under their Hands, to certify that cr Road or Roads, Highways, Drains, Watercourses, Arci», Ba or Fences thereto, by the said recited Act directed to be d repaired by His Majesty, is or are in their Judgment not made a of Repair, and to what Extent, and in what Particulars, iod in Parish or Parishes the same is or are situate, and that the fur a to be made or repaired by and at the Expence of His Majr^y; in case such Certificate and Notice shall be delivered to tkG missioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Laud Jtee, the Surveyor General of Woods and Forests for the tine teg, any or either of them, or their Secretary or known Officer, X Office of the said Commissioners or Surveyor General for the ti being, and the Road or Roads, or Highways, Drains, Warnasi Arches, Bridges and Fences thereto, by the said CtriSatnsih tice certified to be necessary to be made or repaired brad x d Expence of His Majesty, shall not be well and Mafyoxjec repaired to the Satisfaction of such Justices who Idl fane £gao such Certificate, or any Two other Justices acting iau&tv&fcii County of Berks, within the Space of Three Calendar Mcstk ire the time of the Delivery of such Certificate and Notice to dr. lx Commissioners or Surveyor General for the time being, or such tin Officer as aforesaid, then and in every such case it (bill tod air! lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, topnh Petition or Petitions to the Justices of the Peace, at thdraotcr sr subsequent Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held far the ui County of Berks, representing that any Road or Highway, Dra Watercourse, Arch, Bridge or Fence thereto, by the said rtatd A dire died to be made or repaired by or at the Expenceof HisMtjd iias not been made, or is or are out of Repair, and to what Ena and in what Particulars, and in what Parish or Parishes the (aoess are fttuate, and the said Justices at such their Quarter Se&ozs, Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized and required to W«1 determine the matter of every such Petition, and in case they bl thereupon find that such Road or Highway, Drain, WawwrtJ Arch, Bridge or Fence thereto so complained of, is not eder not in sufficient Repair, to make such Order upon the Cmw&vn of His Majesty* Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, or tkSff-veyor General of Woods and Forests for the time being, fcr k making or repairing such Road, Highway, Drain, Wiwwto Arch, Bridge and Fence thereto, within a time to be limittiaiA Order; and in case the same Road or Highway, Drain, Wxer* course, Arch, Bridge or Fence thereto so complained of, Cafinot be made or sufficiently repaired within the time limited by (xi Order, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said fcfa in Quarter Sessions assembled, to order such Sum and Sums of for the making or Repair of the said Road or Highway, D«V

A.D. 2816.

56° GEO. III.

C.135.

*71

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act for authorizing the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to order the Payment of a certain Sum of Money to be applied in completing the Crinan Canal.

Qift July 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the 33 0.3. c. 104. 4 Reign of Hh present Majesfcy, intituled An Act for making 4 and mmniaimtuf a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to Looh Cnnan in the Short of Argyll, the several Persons therein named 4 were incorporated by the Name of The Company of Proprietors 4 of the Crinan Canal for the Purpose of making and completing 4 the said Canid and other necessary Work a; which Act was amended 39 o. 3.«. xxvii, and rendered more effectual by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth 4 Year of the Reign of His pretest Majesty, intituled An Act for 4 amending and rendering more effeffttal an Act passed in the Thirty 4 third Tear of the Rdgn of Hit prefint Mayefiy, intituled4 An Act for 4 mating'and maintaining a Navigable Caned from Loch Gilp to 4 Loch Crinan in the Shire of Argyll : And Whereas a large Sum 4 of Money haring been fubkribed before the passing of the said first recked Act, great Progress was thereafter made in carrying 4 on the said Work 5 bat many of the Subscribers baring failed to 4 make good their Subscriptions, the Said Undertaking, which is of

great National Importance, mud hare been abandoned if the Sum 4 of Twenty five thou find Pounds had not been advanced to the said Company by the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the 4 Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by virtue of another Act passed

4 in the said Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Ma» 39 G.*.c.lxxfc

jesty* intituled An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietor*

of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, to repay into the Court of

Exchequer in Scotland the Sam advanced to them, for the Purpose 1 of comjfieobu* the Jmd Navigation; for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenty fourth Tear of Hit prefint Meatfly at relate* to 4 the Jmd Company $ mod for endmiur the Barms of the said Coart 4 of Exchequer to advance Part of tie Sum so to he received, to the

Company of Proprietor* of the Crinan Canal, m certain Conditions t 4 And Whereas, purfamt to the Directioas of the said last recited 4 Act, al the Tow and Rates arising from the said Canal, and alfa 4 the Canal itself, and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the hud Company in and to the same, and aH Quays, Hoafca,

4 Lands or other Property purchased for the Purposes of the said Canal, have been angora and made over by the Rid Company to 4 the Lord Chief Baron or other Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, until the said Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds, to*

4 gether with the Insert* for the fime afW the Rate of Five Pounds 4 per Centum per Annum, fhatt be completely paid or farisfied>: And 4 Whereas the said Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds was applied towards completing the said Canal, but unforeseen Difficulties 4 haring arisen in carrying on the said Work, and the great Rife in the race of Labour ana Materials haring augmented the Expence 4 fe an greatly to exceed the Efismates, the said Canal remained unfMshed, and the Public mm thereby deprived of the great AdvaaUrges which would wife therefrom to Commerce, to the FUheries

4 and

C. 135.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

45G.3-e.85.

51 O.3. €.1x7.

Btrons of Exchequer in Scot* land on Applies*

and to the Improvement of the Western Islands and North West

Coast of Scotland, and the Money which had been advanced would

have been loft if the farther Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds

had not been advanced to the said Company for completing the 1 same, out of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Service of Great Britain9 for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five, by ' virtue of an Act passed in the Forty filth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for authorising the Com*

4 miff oners of Hit Mayefy's Treasury in Great Britain to advance 4 a certain Sum of Money, to be appued in completing the Crinan Gonals and pursuant to the said Act, the Rates and Duties arifiag-

< from the said Canal, and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest ' of the said Company in and to the same, and the Quays, Houles,

Lands and other Property aforesaid, remain vested in the said Lord

Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scot- ,

land, until not only the said first mentioned Sum of Twenty five I

4 thousand Pounds and all Interest for the same, but also the said

' further Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds advanced under the

Provisions of the said Act, together with Interest for the same at

and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be

completely satisfied and paid in the same manner and as fully and

effectually as if another Alignment thereof had been made: And 4 Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of 4 His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to Hit Mcyefy 4 certain Sumt of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Bn-

tain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and for 4 further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Scjfton of Parismerit, a Sum not exceeding Five thousand Pounds was granted to 4 His Majesty towards completing the Repairs which were then

necessary in consequence of an Inundation of the said Canal in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and the Sum 4 of Five thousand Pounds having been soon afterwards received 4 accordingly from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, the«Tolls and Rates arising from the said Canal, and also the Canal 4 itself, and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the said Com-« pany, of, in and to the same, and all Quays, Houles, Lands or

other Property purchased for the Purpoies of the said Canal, have 4 been assigned to the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of

< the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, until the said Sum of Five 4 thousand Pounds, together with Interest for the same at the Rate

of Five Pounds per Centum ter Annum, shall be completely paid 4 or satisfied: And Whereas the said last mentioned Sum of Twenty 4 five thousand Pounds, and the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds,

4 have been applied towards the Completion and Repair of the said

Canal and other Works; but this great National Undertaking muff

yet be abandoned, and the Money which has been advanced will

be loft without the further Aid of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Mast Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of.the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chief JJaron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland,

and

AJX1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.135.

673

and they are hereby directed, upon the Application of the Com- tion of Commif-missioners appointed by an Act passed in die Forty third Year of floners under the Reign of Hi* present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting 43 G'3* 0 to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, towards defray- ^mSooU

ing the Expenses of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to for completing the Western Sea by Inverness and Fort William, and for taking the the Crinau necessary Steps towards executing the same, to issue their Warrant to Canal, the Receiver General of Scotland, for Payment out of any Public Money then in his Hands of the Sum of Nineteen thousand four hundred Pounds, which Money shall be paid to the said Commissioners without any Deduction whatever, and after Payment thereout of the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act shall be applied in completing and repairing the said Crinan Canal and other Works in such manner as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and until the said Sum of Nineteen thousand four hundred Pounds shall from time to time be applied in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to invest the same or such Part or Parts thereof as they shall think proper in Exchequer Bills.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said When paid, Sum of Nineteen thousand four hundred Pounds shall be paid to the Canal to remain said Commissioners, the Tolls and Rates arising from the said Crinan in the

Canal, and also the Canal itself, and all the Estate, Right, Title and M^ney for-

Interest of the said Company in and to the same, and all Quays, row(<iu repaid/ Houses, Lands or other Property, which, pursuant to the Directions of the said last mentioned Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were assigned to the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as a Security for the said first mentioned Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds and the Interest for the same, and which, pursuant to the said Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, remain veiled in the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons until the1 said further Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds and all Interest for the same be satisfied and paid in manner aforesaid, and which were likewise assigned to the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons as a Security for the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds and the Interest for the same as aforesaid, shall immediately thenceforth be and remain vested in the said Lord Chief Baron and other Batons of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, until not only the said first mentioned Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds, together with the said further Sums of Twenty five thousand Pounds and Five thousand Pounds so already advanced as aforesaid, and all Interest for the lame respectively, but also the said Sum of Nineteen thousand four hundred Pounds which shall be so paid to the said Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act, together with Interest for the same at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be completely paid or satisfied in the same manner and as fully and efieftually as if another Assignment thereof had been made; and which Interest for the said Sum of Nineteen thousand four hundred Pounds, shall be paid Half yearly by the said Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal into the said Court of Exchequer at the End of every Six Months from the Day of the Advance of such Sum of Nineteen thousand four hundred Pounds.

Ill* And be it further enacted, That a Statement of all the Pro- Statement to be ceedings of the fiud Commissioners, and a general Account of the kid before Pw.

56 Geo. III. X X Money lamentannually.

674

C. 135, 136.

66s GEO. III.

AiDi 1816.

Money received and disbursed by them, or ander their Direction, by virtue of this Act, shall be annually, before the Firffc Day of Janr, laid before both Houses of Parliament, together with the Annual Statement or Report of the said Commissioners relative to the Cak-donian Canal.

Charter of Incorporation of Hertford College, by Letters Patent, 5th Sep. J4 G. a. recited.

Lease of Lands, Part of Site of Hertford CoU recited.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, efeheated and devolved to His Majesty by the Difiolution of Hertford College^ in the Uni* verfity of Oxford\ and the Site of the said College and Buildings thereon, to the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University, in Trust for the Principal and other Mem-hers of Magdalen Hally for the Purpose of their removing to such Site; and to enable the said Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University, and the President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, to do all necessary Acts for such Removal. [ift July 1816.;

WHEREAS His late Majesty King George the Second w* 4 V v graciously pleased by Letters Patent, under the Great Seal 4 of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminflerf the Fifth Day c£

4 September, in the Fourteenth Year of His said Majesty's Reign. 4 to will and grant, that within Hart Hall in the University ci 4 Oxford, and within the Bounds, Circuits and PrecindU of the fcae 4 in Oxford, and.within the same University of Oxford and the Liberties and Precincts of the same, there should be from thenceforth 4 for ever one Perpetual College for Students of Divinity, the Civil 4 and Canon Law, Physic and other good Arts and Languages; 4 and that the same College, confiding of a Principal, Four Senior 4 Fellows or Tutors, and Eight Junior Fellows or A (Mints, might 4 be for ever called Hertford College in the University of Oxford; 4 and further to will and grant, that the Principal and Fellows c: 4 the College and their Successors for ever, should and might be oce 4 Body Corporate and Politic by the Name of the 44 Principal and 4 Fellows of Hertford College in the University of Oxford Ate 4 Whereas the President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdaln 4 College in the said University of Oxford are seised in Fee of a certain Piece of Land, constituting Part of the Site of the said College 4 called Hertford College, of which they granted a Lease to the 4 Principal and Fellows of the same College, bearing Date the Sixth 4 Day of December in the Year One thousand seven hundred md 4 ninety fix, for the Term of Forty Years from the Date thee*©/, under a reserved annual Rent of Three Pounds Fifteen

4 and One Penny: And Whereas the Chancellor, Masters and Scho* 4 lars of the find University, are seised in FVe of certain Pieces et 4 Land, constituting other Part of the Site of the find College called 4 Hertford College, of which they granted a Lease, bearing Date 4 the Twenty seventh Day of February in the Year One thousesd 4 seven hundred and ninety eight, to the Principal and Fellows of 4 Hertford College, to hold to them and their Succeflon for the

Term of Forty Years from the Feast of the Annunciation of the 4 Blessed Virgin Mary, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and

12 ninety

A.D. 2816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 136,

673

ninety seven, under the several yearly Rents of Ten Shillings and

One Shilling and Eight pence: And Whereas the Rector and

Fellows of Exeter College in the said University are entitled to an 4 annual Rent Charge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four pence, issuing and payable from and out of some Part or Parts of

the Site of the said College called Hertford College: And Whereas Two Commif-

Two several Commissions of Escheat under the Great Seal of fionertofEf-

Great Britain* bearing Date at Westminster the Twenty ninth Day to ?Jq"ire 4 of April in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, £rd WII ' lately issued, directed to certain Commissioners therein named, diflblved, recited.

authorizing and empowering them or any Three or more of them ' to enquire, amongst other matters and things, whether at any time ' and when the said College called Hertford College had become ' and was diflblved, and whether the said College before and at the 4 time of the Dissolution thereof was seised in Fee Simple of or of ' any other and what Estate, or possessed of any and what Term or ' Terms for Years of and in* divers and what Messuages, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, fltuate in the several Counties of 4 Oxford and Berks, and whether by reason of the Dissolution

thereof the same Hereditaments, Term and Terms for Years, had

4 efeheated and devolved to His Majesty: And Whereas by an In* By Inquisition 4 quifition indented and taken at the City of Oxford in the County dated 4th May,

4 of Oxford on the Fourth Day of May last, before Three of the Commissioners in the said Commissions named, upon the Oaths of j ^calB°d»fTwelve good and lawful Men of the said County of Oxford in the solved on ag, h 4 said Inquisition named, it was found that the said College called June 1805, and, Hertford College in the University of Oxford* on the Twenty was at the time eighth Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and 4 five, became and was and is diflblved; and that the said diflblved 4 College was at the time of the Dissolution thereof seised in its described.

4 Demesne as of Fee of and in a certain Piece of Land, containing 4 by Admeasurement One thousand nine hundred and eighty two 4 square Yards (a little more or less); bounded on the West Side 4 thereof partly by a certain Street called Cat Street, and partly by the Land of one James Stone and one Widow Gillett; and on the 4 North Side thereof partly by a certain Street leading from a Gate,

4 anciently called Smith9s Gate, to New College* and partly by the 4 Land hereinbefore and hereinafter mentioned, of the said Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University, and of the said jPresident -and Scholars of the said College of Saint Mary 4 Magdalen in the said University; and on the East Side thereof 4 partly by New College Lane* and partly by the Stables of New ,

4 College; and on the South Side thereof by the Land and Build*

4 ings of All Souls College; together with all Messuages, Erec*

4 tions and Buildings on the same Piece of Land erected, (landing 4 and being, situate in the Parish of Saint Peter in the East* and the 1 4 Parish of Saint Mary the Virgin* in the City and County of Ox*

4 ford t one Parcel of which said first mentioned Piece of Land was ( 4 found to be subject to the said Rent of One Pound Thirteen

1 4 Shillings and Four pence payable yearly to the Rector and Fellows

4 of Exeter College* and a certain other Parcel of the said first men*

4 tioned Piece of Land to be fubjc& to a certain Rent of Four pence 4 payable yearly to the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church 4 of C&ri/fin Oxford* of the Foundation of King Henry the Eighth 1

X x 2 4 And

o76

C.136.

56* GEO-III.

A.D. 1816.

4 And it was further found, that the said first mentioned Piece of 4 Land was holden by- the said dissolved College, at the time of its 4 Difsolution, of His Majesty, in free and common Socage in right 4 of His Royal Crown, but not subject to any Rents or Serried in 4 respect thereof, except Fealty: And it was further found, that the said dissolved College was at the time of its Dissolution possessed 4 of the said Pieces of Land, whereof the said Chancellor, Matters 4 and Scholars, and the said President and Scholars respectirely are 4 so seized as aforesaid for the Residue of the several Terms before 4 mentioned to have been granted by them respectively, together 4 with all Messuages, Erections and Buildings on the same Pieces 4 of Land Handing, erected and being: Ana it was further found,

4 that the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments,

4 and Terms forYears, had efeheated and devolved, and did then belong to His Majesty by virtue of His Prerogative Royal; and 4 the said Commissioners had, in obedience to the said Commissioo,

4 seized the same into the Hands of His Majesty: And by an Icquifition indented and taken at Grandpound, in the Parish of Sent 4 Aldate, in the County of jBerks, on the said Fourth Day of Maj>

4 before Three of the Commissioners in the said Commissions named,

4 upon the Oaths of Twelve good and lawful Men of the said County of Berks, in the said last Inquisition named it was found, that 4 the said College called Hertford College, in the University of 0*ford\ on the said Twenty eighth Day of June in the Year Ok 4 thousand eight hundred and five, became and was and is dissolved;

4 and that the said dissolved College was at the time of the Diffolntion thereof seised in its Demesne as of Fee of and in Fourteen 4 Acres and Three Rods by Estimation of Arable Land, and One 4 Acre and a Half of Meadow Ground, more or less, lying dispersed 4 in the Common Fields and Meadows of North Morton in the (kid 4 County of Berks, with the Appurtenances; and that the said Lands and Hereditaments were at the time of the Dissolution of the said College held of His Majesty by the said College in free 4 and cpmmon Socage, in right of His Royal Crown, bat not subject 4 to any Rents or Services in respedfc thereof except Fealty, and 4 had become efeheated to His Majesty by virtue of His Prerogative 4 Royal; and the said Commissioners had in obedience to the said Commission seized the same into the Hands of His Majesty:

4 And Whereas the Buildings of the said dissolved College having 4 since the said Dissolution thereof for the most Part been unoccupied 4 and neglected, the same have gone gradually into Decay, and arc 4 in a very rninous and dilapidated State, ana there is no Fond applicable to putting them into Repair: And Whereas Magdsia 4 Hall is contiguous to Saint Mary Magdalen College, and there s 4 an ancient School for the Education of Sixteen Cnorifters of tk 4 same College, which forms Part of the Buildings of the said Hall;

4 and the Freehold of the Site of the said Hall and School is vested 4 in the said President and Scholars of the said College: And 4 Whereas the said President and Scholars are about to improve and 4 considerahly enlarge the Buildings of Magdalen College, lor which 4 Purpose they have caused Plans to he drawn, which cannot he effectually carried into Execution unless the said Hall and School be 4 taken down and removed, in which Event they intend to m€t or 4 provide another School equally convenient to the College: And

Whereas

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 136.

677

Whereas the Removal of the said Hall and School being necessary 4 to the Completion of the intended Improvements at Magdalen 4 College, and if carried into Effefk being likely to conduce to the 4 general Improvement and Ornament of the University, the said President and Scholars, with the Concurrence and Approbation of the Principal of Magdalen Halls and with the Consent of the 4 Right Honourable Lord Grenville, Chancellor of the said University of Oxford, as Visitor and Patron of the said Hal), on the 4 Twenty fourth Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, proposed to the Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars 4 of the University, in Convocation assembled, to transfer the Establi/hment of the said Hall to the Site of the said diifolved College of Hcrtfordt the said President and Scholars engaging to 4 put the whole of the Buddings thereof into a State of complete 4 Repair, to relinquish for the Use of the Principal and other Mem* 4 bers of Magdalen Hall9 all the Right and Title of the said President and Scholars to that Part of Hertford College so as aforeOdd held by Lease under them, and to be at the foie Expence of 4 carrying the said Arrangement into Effect; which Proposal was 4 agreed to by the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars; but for* 4 almuch as the foveral Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected with* 4 out the Aid and Authority of ParliamentWherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, in the said University, and John David Machridge Doctor of Laws, Principal of Magdalen Hall aforesaid, do moil humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be cuacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to grant the Site of the said dissolved College, and all or any Part of the said other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so escheated to His Majesty as aforesaid, to the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars, and their Successors, for ever, in Trufl for the Use of the Principal and other Members for the time being of Magdalen Hall aforesaid, as and when to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall Teem meet, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, at their foie Expence to engage and employ any Builder, Workmen and others, and for such Persons when so engaged and employed to make and do all and every such Aiterations, Reparations and Improvements, in and to the several Buildings, Chambers and other Parts of the said dissolved College, as may be necessary and suitable for the Reception and comfortable Occupation of the Principal of Magdalen Hall, and other Members thereof; and for that Purpose to take down and re* build, with like or other Materials of as good a Quality and in a substantial and workmanlike manner, such Part or Parts of the said difToived College as in the Judgment of the Vice Chancellor and Delegates of Estates of the said University, cannot be well and effectually repaired.

Xx 3

4 III. And

Proposal that Establtshment of Magdalen Hall should be trans-ferred to Site of dissolved College of Hertford, recited.

His Majesty to grant the Site of dissolved College, See- to Chancellor, Matters, Ac in Trust for Principal, &c. of Magdalen Hall.

President and Scholars of Magdalen College may repair the dissolved Col* lege.

666

C.182,

WGEO.I1L

U3\

incb/mg tbs opsn Commonable Lands spUhim the Jsii FtrdA among other things enacted and provided, that John fid Join Davies* the Commissioners named in the fmid Mrccia of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of Hit present Him their Succeflom, should make and execute their Award m laid last mentioned Act within the Space of Twdw Ca Months from and after the passing of the said Act of the Ffy Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the fuse Mum Form, and under the like Regulations in all Refpedi s a said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of Hit present Mzjel directed: And Whereas it is expedient that the Time fora the said Award should be further extended, and that fad Provisions be made as hereinafter mentioned Beitttatfert Time for mak- ther enacted, That the time for making the feud Award by mg iWard under ^der the Authority of the said first; recited Act of the Kyi reci A ei- of jjis present Majesty shall be and is hereby further extei

to the Twelfth Day of Marsh One thousand right hundred ad fei teen; and the said Commissioucre and their Sncceflbrt, byrin the said first recited Act are hereby authorised and required fei their said Award in the same maimer and Form, and under the I Regulations in all Respect as in the said first recited Act isM on or before the said Twelfth Day of Marsh oar tboMq hundred and fewenteen.

Marquis of Downihire's Claim of Exemption from the Laws of the Forefr la ttfpea of hit Manor and Park of Easthampstead.

V. And Whereas in and by the said first iriri Ad it k 4 amongst other things recited, that the Most Hmvihk Ink 4 Marquis of Dovmshire is seised to himself aadksBm^ 4 Manor and Park of Eafibamfisad, in the fiud County dlbk*

in respect thereof is entitled to the Soil of the Wablohs^ 4 laid Manor and after further reciting that the said ArksMap 4 of Downjiire infilled that the said Manor, and slfo the fed Put I

which he derived his Title through and under certain Cra»ni 4 by His Majesty's Royal Predecessor, and other Affw*w*» J 4 exempt from all the Laws of the said Forest, and ilifetW*

of the Crown, in respect thereof, and consequeotly that H» 4 Majesty was not entitled to any Allotment of Land within thfe 4 Manor or Parish, it was therefore enacted, that it (hoold belflj 4 for His M^efty, by His Attorney General, topnxeritoift 4 at Law at the then next Spring Affixes for the County of In 4 in a feigned Action or Actions for that Purpose, to btcoas* 4 in His Majesty's Court of Ring's Bench, Common

4 Exchequer at Westminster, against the said drthnr 4 Dovmshire, his Heirs or Alsigns, or the Person or

to the said Manor for the time being, in manner therein 4 nod if at the Trial of any such I flue or Ifsues, it

4 His Majesty was not entitled to any Forestal Right or 4 within the said Manor and Parish of £Mo*t/fadt 4 Compensation ought to be made, then such Jury 4 Rich I flue or Issues ftould be tried, should find for 4 or Defendants, in which case the said Act or wy 4 contained should not apply to or affect tine fhase Manor sod 4 or any Part thereof; but if it should appear to such J«T 4 that His feid Majesty was entitled to fuchFonU 4 xtia within the tome Manor and Parish, at wndktd^l 4 k*gcd to His Majesty in a»d ovmtJmPnri^

'w .*io 'ftp

A.D. 1816,

56°GEaiII.

C.136.

679

and Scholars, in, aver or otherwise touching or relating to the said Hall, or to the present or any future Principal, or other Member or Members thereof, shall be and continue such and the same in all respects whatsoever, as if the Removal of the Establishment of the said Hall bad not taken Place.

4 VI. And Whereas the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars 4 are desirous that the Ground and Buildings forming Part of the said dissolved College, which are comprized in the hereinbefore 4 mentioned Indenture of Lease of the Twenty seventh Day of Ft*

bruary One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight may become 4 a component Part of the said intended Hall, and be permanently 4 enjoyed by the Principal and other Members thereof for the time ? being, freed and discharged from the said annual Rents of Ten y Shillings and One Shilling and Eight pence : Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Chan- Chancellor, cellor. Mailers and Scholars and their SuccelTors, and they are Matter and^hereby authorized and empowered whenever they shall think proper, verfily"l^poWer by any Deed in Writing under their Common Seal, to release and^to releaft and extinguish the said several annual Rents of Ten Shillings and One extinguish cer-Shilling and Eight pence, and to declare by the same or by any other tain annual Deed under their Common Seal, that they the said Chancellor, Renu*

Mailers and Scholars and their Succefiprs, for ever, shall stand seised of the said Ground and Buildings comprized in the, said Lease, in Trad for the Principal and other Members of the said Hall for the time being, freed and discharged from the said annual Rents.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Prefi* President and dent and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, and their Sue- Scholars of Mag-ceiTors, shall yearly and every Year, as and when the said yearly Rent d jj/T?to Charge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four pence to the Rec- charge of*for and Fellows of Exeter College shall become payable, pay the it 13s.d. to same into the proper Hands of the Principal of the said Hall for the Exeter College, time being, or unto such Person or Persons as may be authorized

or entitled to receive the same, to the intent that the said Rent Charge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings*and Four pence may be regularly paid to the Rector and Fellows of Exeter College, and that the Principal of the said Hall may be indemnified in respect thereof.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. Right of Entry, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice the Right, Title, &c. of Exeter Claim or Entry of the Rector and Fellows of Exeter College, in re- College in sped of the said Rent Charge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Charge Four pence, so issuing and payable out of some Part or Parts of 0fCil. 13s. 4d. the Cud difiolved College; but on the contrary the said Rector and not to be af-Fellows and their SuccelTors shall have, use, exercise and enjoy all fe&ed.

Powers and Remedies for raising, recovering and obtaining Payment

of the same, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner as if this Act had not passed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Neglefl or Re-faid President and Scholars and their Succefibrs shall at any time or fufal to make times neglect or refuse to pay the said Rent Charge of One Pound memion* Thirteen Shillings and Four pence as and when the same shall become*Paymenu# due and payable, it shall and may be lawful for the Principal of the

said Hall for the time being, or for the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment/ to sue for and recover the same from the bid Preft- Remedy.

X x 4 dent

668

C. 182.

56° GEO. III.

R eference to aCceruin whether the Forestal Rights of His Majesty over the said Manor are diminished or reftrided, and Award to be made thereupon.

Proceedings after such Award shall be made.

AJD.ll

Action was brought: And Whereas the Barons of the Court have lately adjudged and determined upon the hid $j Verdict, that His present Majesty was entitled to such Fa Rights and Interests within the said Manor and Parifo of Eajil fiead out of the said Park as were claimed by and belong to Majesty in and over the Parishes and Places within the Regard o said Fore ft: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to what An tion of the Wastes within the said Manor and Parish (liter j Verdict and Judgment as aforesaid) His said Majesty is esakd^j in order to obviate the said Doubts it hath been proposed by said Marquis that it shall be referred to Robert GifirA Ekj Barrister at Law, as well on the Part of His Majesty a a behalf of the said Marquis, to ascertain and determine whether Forestal Rights and Interests of His Majesty in and over the Manor and Parish are diminished or reftrided, and if be M del mine that they are, then to award how far and in whit Proport the same are diminished or reftrided in consequence of the id ft being found to be situate within the said Manor and M ad be exempt from all the Laws of the said Forest, and ifl the R$ of the Crown in respect thereof; which Proposal hath been aitat and agreed unto on the behalf of His MajestyBe it thereto enacted, That it shall be and hereby is referred to the HoARtk Gifford to ascertain and determine whether the said Forth/JtyA and Interests of His Majesty in and over the said UasoradM are diminished or reftrided, and if he shall deteroktk they are, then to determine and award how far and in what Prapsttatkk/ Forestal Rights and Interests of His Majesty in ud o*t & Manor and Parish are diminished or reftrided, in confeqoeoaoM said Park being found to be situate within the said Manor asd and to be exempt from all the Laws of the said Forest, and1/^Rights of the Crown in respect thereof; provided that the Id & bert Gifford shall and do within Four Calendar Months the passing of this Act, make his Award in Writing udoi&$^ jed hereby referred to him, and cause the same to be deW^ Office of His Majesty's Surveyor General of Woods and Forthi ft and on the Part of His Majesty, and unto the said Marquis, his S« citor or Agent 5 which Award so to be made and delivered of* concerning the Premises, shall be binding and condusive* a« upon His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, aiupoc^* Marquis, his Heirs and Assigns.

VI. And be it further enacted, That after the making^*2' very of such Award as last aforesaid, if the fad Robert award that His Majesty's Forestal Rights and Interests art 6* or reftrided, then the said Commissioners and their Succdfctt*1* Umpire to be appointed by them in pursuance of the P<^ tained in the said first recited Act, shall and they are hereby^ and directed to dedud from the said Nine thirty fecoad Proportion as the said Robert Gifford shall, in manner aforM^.mine and award, ought to be deduded therefrom in the said Park being found to be exempt from all the I*w, °* jS Forest, and all the Rights of the Crown in respect thereof, 1.proceed to set out, allot and award unto and for His M*P' Heirs and Successors, the Remainder only of the said fiecond Parts, after such Deduction therefrom ai afbrtfiud,

QqW

A.D. 1810,

S6*GEO.IIL

C. 136#

681

Corporations, whether Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual, Eleemosynary ability, emp*vr-or Lay, and all Feoffees id Trull, Executors, Administrators, Hui- er.ed to* bands, Guardians, Committees of or for Lunatics, and all other w, !.h th C^D' Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, but ^d^Urs/L also for and on behalf of their Ceftuiaue Trusts respectively, whether Sale of Premises. Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability of ailing for himself, herself or themselves; and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all Persons, whether Tenants for Life, in Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and to and for all and evenr Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of or intereffed in any of the said Houses and other Buildings and Ground mentioned and comprised in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, to treat and agree with the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars, for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, and to convey the same to the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars, and their Successors, for the Purposes mentioned in this Act; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made by virtue and in puifuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Intereil of the Person or Persons conveying or intending to convey the same, but also to convey all Right, Title, Estate and Interect, Use, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of the several and respective Ccfluique Trusts, and all other Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual, Eleemosynary or Lay, and all Feoffees in Trail, Executors, Administrators, Hu (bands, Guardians,

Committees, Trustees and all other Persons whomsoever, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of or in pursuance ot this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application of to be paid for any Tenements or Hereditaments purchased by virtue Purchase of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall Monies: belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall in case the lame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Coart of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Chancellor, Matters and Scholars of the University of Oxford, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be iignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts or such other Incumbrances or Parts thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Tenements or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the same or the tike Ufa, Intents or Purposes ;

a 133, 134.

66° GEO. III.

51 O.3. c.83.

Drawback of the Duty on Coals used in Lead Mines to be allowed.

Oath to be made that the Duty on the Coals tried in the Minee'of Devon and .Cornwall hae been psad, Ac,

AJD, Ijj

to be paid into the Exchequer at WtjlmtmfUr by virtue of tlx Act* shall be deemed an Addition made to the Public Reren Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the inoded a Cham occasioned say any Loan made by virtue of any Act pafi this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coils a fumed in Lead Mines in Cornwall. [lit Jdj iljj

WHEREAS by am Act passed in the Fifty first Yardl 4 W present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act fir sEmf 4 Me Drawback of Doty tala on Coals used in certds Mia 1

Smelting Mills in Devonshire, as is now allowed in so Ctnf 4 Cornwall, a Drawback of the Duty is allowed apostil Coks

for Tire Engines in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, or hr da

mg or smelting Lead Ores within the County of Dan: Ai 4 Whereas it is expedient that a like Drawback (hooid be lOose 4 upon all Coals so consumed in Lead Mines in the County of Cm wall; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most ExcotaK jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirts and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parhsnm dbbh and by the Authority of the same. That from and after

of this Act for all Coals that shall be used for fit finer a Mines of Lead, or for calcining or smelting Lead (brat tie County of Cornwall, and for which Duties have tattabsd afid paid, a Drawback shall be allowed and made ofitoWs, iipon Proof by Oath made before the Collector of tkWDto, (which Oath he h hereby empowered and required to itowty that stich Coals have been so used and applied; andtkAswfi the Duties so drawn back shall be returned and paid bytheColedor of the Grid Duties to the Person so making Proof as tfoM 4 II. And Whereas it is expedient that previouflytotkDn* 1 back being paid upon Coals consumed in Mines of T^Coppi 4 or Lead, in the Counties of Devon and CornwtM^ Proof toil 1 be made that the Duties upon the same have been t&nBy p*i

and that the said Coals were bona Jlde consumed in the£sidl£ses 4 and that no Part of the same has been or shall be used or i&h

domestic Purposes, or as Calm for burning Lime, or for anycdtr 4 Purposes not contemplated by Law f Be it therefor M That, prevwufly to any Drawback being paid upon Coals da consumed in Mmes of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the Coate d Devon and Cornwall, Proof shall be made on Oath by the tap for or managing Owner of the Mine before the CoHe&or or Controller of the Customs (which Oath they are hereby aatiwrW» trailed to admmifter) at the Port where the Drawback Mk|^ that he verily believes the Dories upon the said Coals hawked* uafly paid, and that the said Cods were ktm /foconfasdsk said Mines, and that no Part of the same has been or M betW« fold for domestic Purposes, or as Culm for burning Lime, or faxj other Purposes not contemplated by Law.

CA>.

56° GEO- III.

C. 136.

683

their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Proviso respefl-any Oueftion shall arise touching the Title of any Corporation, or ing deputed any Person or Persons, to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Tit fS* England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate,

Right or Interest in any Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pofteftion of such Tenements or: Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claim-, ing under such Person or Persons, or under the Pofteftion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully: entitled to such Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Pofteftion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank i Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of t such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such; Pofteftion was a wrongful Pofteftion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Tenements or Heredit-, aments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as full Satisfaction, Satisfaction shall have been made by any of the Means aforesaid to betas made,

' all Persons interested in such Houses, Buildings and Ground, it J*ou^5>c*to shall and may be lawful for the said Chancellor, Masters and Scho- c M en 0WD* lars, and they are hereby empowered to cause the same to be taken down, and to add so much of the Site or Ground thereof to the

Site of the said dissolved College as may be necessary for the intended Improvements of the same, for the Use and Benefit of the Principal and other Members of Magdalen Hally and shall and may ( sell and dispose of the Remainder thereof, with the Materials of the [ said Houses and Buildings, in such manner as the said Chancellor,

' Masters and Scholars, or the said Delegates of Estates, shall think proper, and apply the Produce thereof in the making the said Improvements or Repayment of any Money expended therein.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing prorish for Pri- in this Act shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to take vileget of UbU

\ away, diminish or impede the Exercise of any Privilege or Right verfity» whatsoever of the said University, or of any of the Magistrates,

1 Officers, Ministers or Servants thereunto belonging.

XIX. Saving always to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, liis General Saving.

Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Per-

Ions, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and his and their

Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, (other than and except the said Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said Univer-" fity, and the said President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen 1 College, and the Principal and other Members of Magdalen Hally) f all such Estate, Right, Title and Interect, as they, every or any of them, could or ought to have had or enjoyed, in case tnis Act had

not been made.

The

C. 185,

56° GEO. III.

Aflii

and to the Improvement of the Western IHandt and Nornl

Coast of Scotland, and the Money which had been advance!« 4 have been loft if the farther Sum of Twenty fire thousand Pa 4 had not been advanced to the said Company for comply 4 same, out of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Service of 6

Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and so, 45 O* 3- 85. 4 virtue of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Rqj

1 His present Majesty, intituled An Act for authorizing th C 4 mifftoners of His Majesty91 Treasury in Great Britain tt d* 4 a certain Snm of Money, to be applied in completing the Omi 4 nal; and pursuant to the said Act, the Rates and Doth ai 4 from the said Canal, and all the Estate, Right, Title dim 4 of the said Company in and to the same, and the Qnap, Hod 4 Lands and other Property aforesaid, remain veiled in the W L 4 Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer is 5 4 land, until not only the said first mentioned Sum of Tvotjf 4 thousand Pounds and all Interest for the same, bnt ilfo tk k 4 further Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds advanced afarti 4 Provisions of the said Act, together with Interest for tfebe 1 4 and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Am,

4 completely satisfied and paid in the same manner soda Mj a 4 effectually as if another Alignment thereof had been nd: Aa 5x0*3. c. 1x7. 4 Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the

4 His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting tiEuMnft 4 certain Sumt of Money out of the ConfoMated FudjGtat&a> 4 tain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentimifwtkkvice of tie Year One thousand eight hundred and dm* d jtf 4 further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sejm fj 4 ment, a Sum not exceeding Five thousand Pounds wngntttitt 4 His Majesty towards completing the Repairs which we !ie 4 necessary in consequence of an Inundation of the hid Cad*4 the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and Stf 4 of Five thousand Pounds having been soon afterward* rccsw 4 accordingly from the Lords Commissioners of the Trefcb 4 Tolls and Rates arising from the said Canal, sad also the Cm 4 itself, and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the id Cm 4 pany, of, in and to the same, and all Quays, Houles, Lei« 4 other Property pnrehafed for the Purposes of the hid Cad, b 4 been aifigned to the said Lord Chief Baron and other Baross si 4 the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, until the said Sum of f* 4 thousand Pounds, together with Interest for the same at the!* 4 of Five Pounds ter Centum per Annum, shall be complrtdjjd 4 or satisfied: And Whereas the said lift mentioned Sum olTntj 4 five thousand Pounds, and the said Sum of Five thousand P*A 4 have been applied towards the Completion and Repair oftkW 4 Canal and other Works; but this great National Undertake*

4 yet be abandoned, and the Money which has been advari

4 be loft without the further Aid of Parliament May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be ita*»

' by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with tk Act* and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and in this present Parliament auembled, and by the Authority d^Barons of Ex- same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord C» land o«r Applies- P*0? and ^hcr Barons of the Court of Exchequer is StfW

A. D. 1816,

56° GEO- III.

685

C. 137) 188.

or other Company, having such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effects in his or their PoUession or Custody, shall understand or know that the Person or Persons to whom such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effects do or shall belong, is or are become Bankrupt.

II. Provided nevertheless, atid be it enacted, That in all cases in which it shall be proved that the Person or Persons acting on the behalf of any Body Politic or Corporate, Joint Stock or other Company, in the paying or causing or directing the Payment of any Debt, or in the delivering or cauling or directing the Delivery of any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effects, to any Person or Persons, understood or knew that the Person or Persons or any of them to whom such Debt was paid, or such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effects were delivered, was or were or had become Bankrupt, such Body Politic or Corporation, Joint Stock or other Company, shall be deemed and taken to have understood and known the same.

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An Act to abolish the Punishment of the Pillory, except in certain cases. [ad July 1816.]

WHEREAS the Punishment of the Pillory basin many cases been found inexpedient and not fully to answer the Purpose

for which it was intended 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aQembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act Judgment shall not be given and awarded again (I any Person or Persons convicted of any Offence, that such Person or Persons do (land iu or upon the Pillory, except for the Offences hereinafter mentioned; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided that aB Laws now m force whereby any Person is subject to Punishment for the taking any false Oath, or for committing any manner of wilful and corrupt Peijury, or for the procuring or suborning any other Person so to do, or for wilfully, falsely and corruptly affirming or deckring, or procuring or suborning any other Person so to affirm and declare, in any matter or thing, which if the same had been deposed in the usual Form would have amounted to wilful and corrupt Peijury, shall continue and be in full Force and Effect; and that all Persons guilty of any of the said several Offences shall incur and suffer the same Punishment, Penalties and Forfeitures as such Persons were fubied to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or any of them, before the passing of this Act and as if this Act had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Punishment of the Pillory has hitherto formed the whole or a Part of the Judgment to be pronouneed, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom such Offence is tried, to pass such Sentence of Fine or Imprisonment, or of both, in lieu of the Sentence of Pillory, as to the said Court shall seem most proper: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any manner to change, alter or affect any Punishment whatsoever which may now be by Law inflicted in relped of any Offence, except only the Puaifliment of Pillory, in manner as herein above js enacted.

Bodies Politic, Ac. deemed to know Bankruptcy if Person a£ti»g on their behalf knew k.

Judgment of Pillory to be awarded for certain Offences only.

Court may fine or imprison Offenders.

Not to change any Puritan ent for Offences, except the Pillory.

674

C.1S5, 136.

<6* GEO. III.

AD.li

Money received and disbursed by them, or under their Dirtcta, virtue of this Act, shall be annually, before the First Day of 1 laid before both Houses of Parliament, together with the Ai Statement or Report of the said CommifRoners relative to the C etonian Canal.

CAP. CXXXVI.

Charter of Incorporation of Hertford College, by Letters Patent, 5th Sep. 14 G. a. recited.

Lease of I«*nds, Part of Site of Hertford Col-l«ge, recited.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Land), T<i merits and Hereditaments, efeheated and devoted to I Majesty by the Dissolution of Hertford College) infett verfity of Oxford, and the Site of the said College aadB* ings thereon, to the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars cl said University, in Trust for the Principal and other Me bers of Magdalen Hally for the Purpose of their rerwr to such Site; and to enable the said Chancellor, Mailers a Scholars of the said University, and the President iniScfc lars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, to do all necefry At for such Removal. [iltJajfiM

WHEREAS His late Majesty King George the food 1

Vv graciously pleased by Letters Patent, under ttotaS

of Great Britain, bearing Date at Wefminpri the JBIty 4 September, in the Fourteenth Year of His said Mods* &£ 4 to will and grant, that within Hart Hall in die

Oxford, and within the Bounds, Circuits and Prtcn&dthtto 4 in Oxford, and.within the same University of Oxfidwilhli 4 berties and Precincts of the same, there should teteoihwtet 4 for ever one Perpetual College for Students of DmfltyteO

and Canon Law, Physic and other good Arts and iasgflfi 4 and that the same College, consisting of a Principal, FowS« 4 Fellows or Tutors, and Eight Junior Fellows or ABM H 4 be for ever called Hertford College in the University sfOdvn 4 and further to will and grant, that the Principal andWtan 4 the College and their Sticcessors for ever, fhonld and

4 Body Corporate and Politic by the Name of the u ftiapd 1 4 Fellows of Hertford College in the University of Otftd'' I 4 Whereas the President and Scholars of Saha Mon 4 College in the said University of Oxford are ferifed in Fee of ic 4 tain Piece of Land, constituting Part of the Sitepftbefnim 4 called Hertford College, of which they granted a 4 Principal and Fellows of the same College, bearing Date &^4 Day of December in the Year One thousand fereo kwh*1 4 ninety fix, for the Term of Forty Years from tte Dtf & 4 undor a reserved annual Rent of Three Pounds Frftea A 4 and One Penny: And Whereas the Chancellor,

4 lars of the said University, are seised in Re of certi*^ 4 Land, constituting other Part of the Site of the said Hertford College, of which they granted a Lease, tarff 4 the Twenty seventh Day of February in the Fear Or W 4 seven hundred and ninety eight, to the Principal and FA* 4 Hertford College, to hold to them and their Succefibri tf1 4 Term of Forty Years from the Feast of the Annuodaw*0*1 4 Blessed Virgin Mary, in the Year One thousand km

12

56° GEO. III.

C. 139.

687

Justices in the Indenture of Apprenticeship of such Child j and after

such Order shall have been made, such Justice* shall sign their

Allowance of such Indenture of Apprenticeship, before the same

shall be executed by any of the other Parties thereto: Provided Proviso as to

always, that no such Child shall be bound Apprentice to any Person employ»ng Ap-

or Persons residing or having any Establishment in Trade, at which ot

it is intended that such Child (nail be employed out of the same where^bound.

County, at a greater Distance than Forty Miles from the Parish or Place to which such Child shall belong, unless such Child shall belong to some Parish or Place which shall be more than Forty Miles from the City of London* in which case it shall be lawful for the Justices

who shall authorize the apprenticing of such Child to make a special

Order for that Purpose, in which Order such Justices shall distin&ly specify the Grounds on which they shall think fit to allow

of the apprenticing of such Child to a Person or Persons residing,

or having aa Establishment in Trade, at a greater Distance than

Forty Miles from the Parish or Place to which such Child shall

belong.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Red- Indenture to be dence or Establishment of Business of the Person or Persons to whom "ued by Two any Child shall be bound, shall be within a different County or Jurisdiction of the Peace, from that within which the Place by the which Appreo-Officers whereof such Child shall be bound shall be situated, and tice istobe

in all other cases where the Justices of the Peace for the Distriit bound, as well as

or Place within which the Place by the Officers whereof such Child bJf Two Justices \ shall be bound shall be situated, and who shall sign the Allowance of ?Jje

the Indenture by which such Child shall be bound, shall not have bound.

' Jurisdictiou, every Indenture by which such Child shall be bound at

any time after the said First Day of October shall be allowed as well by Two Justices of the Peace for the County o| District within which the Place by the Officers of which such Child shall be bound shall be situated, as by Two Justices of the Peace for the County or District within which the Place shall be situated wherein such Child shall be intended to serve: Provided always, that no Indenture shall be allowed by any Justice of the Peace for the County into which such Child shall be bound, who shall be engaged in the same Business, Employment or Manufacture in which the Person to whom such Child shall be bound is engaged; and Notice shall be given to Notice to Over* the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place in which such Child seers tn- shall be intended to serve an Apprenticeship, before any Justice of dcmure Stowed, the Peace for the County or District within which fuen Parish or Place shall be, shall allow such Indenture; and such Notice shall be proved before such Justice shall sign such Indenture, unless One of such Overseers shall attend such Justice, and admit such Notice.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the Allow- Allowance by ance of Two Justices of the Peace for the County, ' within which County Magif-the Place in which such Child shall be intended to serve an Appren-a, d m ticeship shall be situated, shall be valid and effectual, although such ciuag*' /Jrifdic-" Place may.be situated in a Town or Liberty within which any lJon. other Justices of the Peace may* in other respects have an exdufive JuriOdi&on.

4 IV. And Whereas there are several Cities and Boroughs which 4 are Counties of themselves, and several Districts situated without 4 the Limits of the County to which such Districts respectively

4 belong/

676

C. 136.

56 GEO. III

A.D. 1

And it was further found, that the said first mentioned Pit Land was holden by the said diffol ved College, at the time i Dissolution, of His Majesty, in free and common Socage it of His Royal Crown, but not subject to any Renti or Serri respect thereof, except Fealty: And it was farther found, tk said difiblved College was at the time of hi Dissolution pol of the said Pieces of Land, whereof the said Chancellor, M and Scholars, and the said President and Scholars respedief so seized as aforesaid for the Residue of the feycral Term i mentioned to have been granted by them respectively, tm with all Mefiuages, Erections and Buildings on the (be? of Land handing, erected and being: And it was farther it that the said Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements and Heredba and Terms forYears, had escheated and devolved, and did tha long to His Majesty by virtue of His Prerogative Royal; the said Commissioners had, in obedience to the said Comb seized the same into the Hands of His Majesty: And bra quifition indented and taken at Grandpovnd, in the Fan&of £ Aldate, in the County of Berks > on the said Fourth Day i I before Three of the Commissioners in the said Ctmuniiooi m upon the Oaths of Twelve good and lawful Men ofthefndCoa of Berks, in the said last Inquisition named it war food, i the said College called Hertford College, in the Unwfysfd fordy on the said Twenty eighth Day of June a tk forth thousand eight hundred and five, became and wainiidfflbi and that the said difiolved College was at the timed tk Mb tion thereof seised in its Demelne as of Fee of asd'oTostsI Acres and Three Rods by Estimation of Arable Land, bOl Acre and a Half of Meadow Ground, more or lefn lying dflferi in the Common Fields and Meadows of North Morin in theft County of Berks y with the Appurtenances; and tk tk k Lands and Hereditaments were at the time of the Di&ka the said College held of His Majesty by the said 0 % a & and cpmmon Socage, in right of His Royal Crown, btiootttjl to any Rents or Services in respect thereof except Fab, I had become escheated to His Majesty by virtue of His Preropl Royal; and the said Commissioners had in obedience to dr i Commission seized the same into the Hands of His M$ And Whereas the Buildings of the said diflolted CoQtgtb since the said Dissolution thereof for the most Put been turn and neglested, the same have gone gradually into Decay, i in a very ruinous and dilapidated State, and there it do Fi plicable to putting them into Repair: AndWherasifi Hall is contiguous to Saint Mary Magdalen Cdltrt, d d an ancient School for the Education o? Sixteen Chori&n < same College, which forms Part of the Buildings of thttfl and the Freehold of the Site of the said Hall and ScW*1 in the said President and Scholars of the said Coif' Whereas the said President and Scholars are about to iop* confidently enlarge the Buildings of Magdalen Collqt) b Purpose they have caused Plans to be drawn, which cannot fe&ually carried into Execution unless the said Hall andSch taken down and removed, in which Event they intend to d provide another School equally convenient to the CoS

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C.139. 689

such Apprentice shall be so bound or assigned, shall be subject to the same Rules and Regulations as the Person or Persons to whom such Apprentice shall be originally bound; and in case any such Matter or Matters, Mittrefs or Mittresses, shall remove as aforesaid, and shall take any such Apprentice to any other Place, without such Order as aforesaid, or shall wilfully abandon and leave any such Apprentice, without giving such Notice as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Apprentice, to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place, wherein, at the time of such Removal or Taking, the Apprentice shall have been legally settled, for the Use of the Poor of the same Parish, Township or Place; provided an Information shall be exhibited for such Offence within Three Calendar Months next after the Commission of the same.

IX. And Whereas it may be expedient, that those to whom 4 Parish Apprentices are bound or assigned should be empowered to 4 place out or assign over such Apprentice to others, and it is pro- per that such placing out or Assignments should in all Inttances

be under the Inspection and Controul of the Magiffrates; and it is 4 fit that the Person to whom such putting out or Assignment shall

be made, and also the Apprentice, mail be made subject to the ordi-

nary Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace, with respect to Matters 1 and Parish Apprentices; and it is inexpedient that any Matter or

Mittrefs should in any way discharge or dismiss from his or her Ser-

vice, any Parish Apprentice without the Consent of such Justices Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the First Day of 0Sober in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall not be lawful for any Matter or Mittrefs to put away or transfer any Parish Apprentice to any other, or in any way to discharge or dismiss from his or her Service any Parish Apprentice without such Consent of Justices, as is-directed in an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Regulation of Partjh Apprentices; and that no Settlement shall be gained by any Service of such Apprentice, after such putting away or Transfer, unless such Service shall have been performed under the San&ion of such Consent as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons, who, after the First Day of 0Sober in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, mall put away or transfer any Parish Apprentice to another, or who shall in any way discharge or dismiss from his or her Service any Parish Apprentice without such Consent a9 aforesaid, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, for every Apprentice: so transferred.

1 4 XI. And Whereas the salutary Provisions enacted by an Act

4 passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her Majesty: 4 Queen jElizabeth, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Poor,

4 are frequently evaded in the binding out of Poor Children, and; 4 the Premium of Apprenticeship, or a Part thereof, is clandestinely 1 4 provided by Parish Officers, who are thus enabled to bind out 1 4 such Poor Children without the San&ion of Justices of PeaceBe': it further enacted, That after the said First Day of 0Sober, no Inden-1 ture of Apprepticeship by reason of which any Expence whatever shall at any time be incurred by the Public Parochial Funds, shall be valid and effectual, unless approved of by Two Justices of the 56 Gko. III. Y y Peace,

Mailers, ftc removing and taking Apprentice* without Order.

Penalty.

Provisions of 3i-G.3-c.57. enforced with respedt to assigning or discharging Apprentices.

3» G. 3. c.57.

Discharging Apprentices without Consent of Justices.

Penalty. 43 El. c. a.

Indentures not

valid unleCs approved by Two Justices.

678

C. 136.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.U16.

c III. And Whereas it is expedient that the Ground and Bui c ings now forming Part of the said dissolved College, which a

held by Lease under the President and Scholars of Saint Mm

Magdalen College, mar hereafter be permanently enjoyed by d

Principal and other Members of the said HallBe it thmfoi

Premises held enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Pa by Lease under fident and Scholars, and they are hereby authorized and empoi k«w be per- ere^, without any Consideration in Money, to grant and convey i manently enjoy- Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Ground and Buildings tarn ed by the Prin- prized in the said Lease, with their Appurtenances, unto and to At cipal and other Use of the Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars of the Univeriitjdl Member* of Oxford, and their Successors for ever, freed and discharged from A

Mag alen Hal fa^ annual Rertt of Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One ftssp,

or any other Rent or Charge whatever; upon Trust for the cipal and other Members of the said Hall for the time bein& asd t» the Intent that the same may become a competent Part of]ifce Mi Hall, and be used and enjoyed accordingly.

When repaired, IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so iooe as tk Principal and said Buildings, Chambers and other Parts of the said dz&hedCdU Member* lege, shall have been put into such a State of complete Reper as Act Hall toremove^by Vice Chancellor and Delegates of Estater of lie

to diffolred Col- University for the time being, and the said President md ScM« lege of Hertford, lars of Saint Mary Magdalen College shall have made (wck GnOt and Conveyance as herein before mentioned, it shall and my be lawful to and for the then Principal of the said Hall, act for il4 every the Members thereof, and they and each and every el ten«hereby required to surrender and give up the PofTeffioad da haft Hall and every Part thereof, and to relinquifti all Right and Tdeti the future Occupation and Enjoyment of the same, and of erety Part thereof, unto the said President and Scholars of Sim Mmy Magdalen College; and the said Principal and other Mates sf the said Hall shall thenceforth remove to and become eftdflfced A the said dissolved College, which shall from and after the fine Ml have been put into fuen Repair as aforesaid, and taken fiffrihi of by the said Principal and other Members be called Mifiaim Hall in the University of Oxford; and the said removed EfbbhM ment of the said Hall, mall, to all Intents and Purposes whatibevo} continue and be deemed, taken and reputed to be the same EM blishment, as if the same had continued at and had not been remod from the present and ancient Site thereof.

Removal not to V. And be it further enacted, That the said Removal of the EM «ffe& Rights, blishment of the said Hall shall not in any Respects or Respect vht &c- pr"cu soever, prejudice, dim ini fh, vary, alter or affe£t the Powers, IanM of the ties, Adranteges, Rights and Privileges, bdonging or appal* Hall, or of the to the Taid Hall, or to the present or any future Principal, erff

laid Chancellor, other Members or Member thereof, or belonging or appextef Marten and to the Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars of the said Unmrftfi*, ScJlol*rl over or otherwise touching or relating to the said Hall, or tote

present or any future Principal or other Members or Meter thereof; but from and after such Removal of the Ettabliflm*st d the said Hall, all and every the Powers, Immunities, Advantage* Rights and Privileges what soever, belonging or appertaining to tk said Hall, or to the present or any future Member or Motet thereof, or belonging or appertaining to the said Chancellor Mite

asl

U 816.

56° GEa IIL

C. 136.

67$

Scholars, in, over or otherwise touching or relating to the said.

or to the present or any future Principal, or other Member or fliers thereof, shall be and continue such and the same in all rets whatsoever, as if the Removal of the Eftabkshment of the said ifaad not taken Place.

VI. And Whereas the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars desirous that the Ground and Buildings forming Part of the 1 dissolved College, which are compnzed in the hereinbefore ntioned Indenture of Lease of the Twenty seventh Day of Fe-tary One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight may become component Part of the said intended Hall, and be permanently joyed by the Principal and other Members thereof for the time mg, freed and discharged from the said annual Rents of Ten iSings and One Shilling and Eight pence Be it therefore fur-enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Chan- Chancellor, r, Matters and Scholars and their Successors, and they are Matter and

)y authorized and empowered whenever they shall think proper, yepower" iiy Deed in Writing under their Common Seal, to release and ed to releaJfe and iguish the said several annual Rents of Ten Shillings and One extinguish cer-ing and Eight pence, and to declare by the same or by any other tain annual d usder their Common Seal, that they the said Chancellor, Renu* lers and Scholars and their Successors, for ever, shall Hand seised k said Ground and Buildings comprized in the said Lease, in ft for the Principal and other Members of the said Hall for the being, freed and discharged from the said annual Rents.

11. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Prefix Present and and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, and their Sue- Scholars of Mag-on, ball yearly and every Year, as and when the said yearly Rent d, lenhCo5eg*to argeof One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four pence to the Rec- charge of and Fellows of JExeter College shall become payable, pay the iL 13a. 46. to e into the proper Hands of the Principal of the said Hall for the Exeter College.

being, or unto such Person or Persons as may be authorized entitled to receive the same, to the intent that the said Rent irge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings' and Four pence may be uarly paid to the Rector and Fellows of Exeter College, and t the Principal of the said Hall may be indemnified in respect reof.

/III. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, Right of Entry, it nothing in this A d contained shall prejudice the Right, Title, &c. of Exeter im or Entry of the Rector and Fellows of Exeter College, in re- College in ft of the said Rent Charge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and nr pence, so issuing and payable out of some Part or Parts of of xi, 13*. 4d.

laid dissolved College; but on the contrary the said Rector and not to be af-Uow* and their Successors shall have, use, exercise and enjoy all fe&ed.

wen and Remedies for raising, recovering and obtaining Payment the same, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner as if this Act inotpaffed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Neglect or Ra-1 President and Scholars and their Successors shall at any time or fufal to make w neglect or refuse to pay the said Rent Charge of One Pound rne, mon" tirteen Shillings and Four pence as and when the same shall become Pt?menu*

and payable, it shall and may be lawful for the Principal of the 4 Hall for the time being, or for the Person or Persons entitled to h Payment/ to sue for and recover the some from the foid Prefi- Remedy.

X x 4* dent

C/« iS6«

S6»GEO.I1I.

A.D.IM

After Remoral of Principal, fee, of Magdalen Hall, to diflblred College, and a

dent and Scholars and their Successors, in any of Hit In Courts of Record at IVcflminJter, by an Action of Debt paid. j

X. And be it furthet enacted, That immediately from ud a the Removal of the Principal and other Members of the ball to the said dissolved College* and after a ftoitahk School M \ been erected or provided for the said Choristers, it Anil idol School provided, lawful to and for the President and Scholars of Saint MaryMqk the Hall, &c. College to cause the said Hall and the said School adjoiaiof fed may be uken to \ye taken down, and to use or dispose of the Material* down* such manner as they may deem proper; and also to odl

Buildings on the Site thereof, or otherwise to indofe and usexl same to the said College* it being intended by this Act tktki of the said HaU and School shall for ever afterwards be said is I form Part and Parcel of Saint Mary Magdalen Cdlegt,

XI. And Whereas the Site and Buildings of the fsd tJuUa

College may be greatly improved and made more onuffd,

the Occupation of the- same by its intended Poftflbrs ntafl

more convenient and desirable, if the Front of the bxid&bo

College and also certain House9 at the North and talk Erf9thereof, with a House in the Occupation of Richard Paac)aS^9to New College Lane were taken down; and it ii tWrr of

dient that Power should be given for that Purpdr^frfdsa fore enabled, That it shall and maybe lawful fwtfcCtadta Mailers and Scholars of the said University, to tre*»lagr«*d the Owners and Occupiers of and with ail other PeikmwocU in the Houses and other Buildings and Ground nov sikM Occupations of Ann Bailey* Edward Hutton* Robert Bam* Hr hert* Edward Leader* James Stone* and Dorothy Berk* < & North and South Ends of the Front of the said diffotadCiIlf and in the House, Buildings and Ground, now in the Occpni the said Richard Paine, leading to New College Lot, d i A Schedule of this A d more particularly described, for theWrf of the same, and to become seised and pofieffed thereof, vita being subject or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfotumoftl Statutes of Mortmain, and to pay for the same out of uyM<* that shall come to their Hands for that Purpose, either by Su&j tion, or public or private Donation or Bequest; and that the ft* to be paid for the Purchase thereof shall be certified for Paywsth the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars, or by the Dehpns Estates of the said University, and shall be by them paid out Ml Monies which shall come to their Hands for that Porpose, to At Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or CoBqta entitled thereto; or shall be laid out and disposed of in tbeBnU England* in the manner by this Att directed, as the case sifhl and upon Payment of the Money required to be paid for dth* chafe of such Houses and other Buildings and Ground, totkfefc or Persons entitled thereto, or on depositing the same in tfehak of England in manner by this Act directed, as the case such Premises shall thereupon veil absolutely in the Quo* Madera and Scholars of the said University, for the Purpobd this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may bekvfii to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Cdkgiafe, ud is*

fo-

Power given to Chancellor, Masters and Scholar* of the tlniverfity to purchase certain Houses.

Bodies Politic, See. and Persons under any Dif-

56° GEO. III.

C. 1'40.

693

c III. And Whereas the Strengths of Spirits denoted by the said ' Hydrometer called Sites'* Hydrometer, according to the Temperature thereof, have been set down in a Table, intituled, 44 A Table 4 of the Strengths of Spirits denoted by Sites'* Hydrometer, " and 4 which said Table has been and is subscribed with the Hand of the 4 Right Honourable Nicholas Vanjittarty Chancellor of the Exchequer of Great Britain; and Three accurate Scales or Sliding 4 Rules have been also constructed and prepared, to be used with the said Hydrometer, for the more convenient and ready Calculation of the Quantity of Spirits of certain Strengths, specified by the said Scales or Sliding Rules, respectively contained in or which can 4 be made from any Quantity of Spirits of any other Strength, which, upon Trial of such Spirits, may be denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sites'*Hydrometer; one of the said Scales or Sliding Rules shewing the Quantity of Spirits per Centum of the 4 Strength of Proof contained in or which can be made from Spirits 4 of any other Strength, which, upon Trial of such Spirits, shall be 4 denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sites'* Hydrometer, according to the Temperature of such Spirits; another of such 4 Scales or Sliding Rules shewing the Quantity of Spirits per Centum 4 of the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, contained in 4 or which can be made from Spirit of any other Strength, which, upon Trial of such Spirits, (nail be denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sites's Hydrometer, according to the Temperature of 4 such Spirits; and another of such Scales or Sliding Rules shewing 4 the Quantity of Spirits per Centum of the Strength of Twenty 4 eight ter Centum under Proof, contained in or which can be made 4 from Spirits of any other Strength, which, upon Trial of such 4 Spirits, shall be denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sites's 4 Hydrometer, according to the Temperature of such Spirits; and 4 it is expedient to make such Provision for and in respect thereof as 4 is hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That the said Strengths of Spirits so set down in the said Table, shall, in and throughout the said United Kingdom, be deemed and taken to be true and just; and the said Scales or Sliding Rules respectively shall also, in and throughout the said United Kingdom, be deemed accurate and just; and the said Table and Scales or Sliding Rules respectively shall, on all necessary or convenient Occasions, be used by the Officer and Officers of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs and Excise respectively, in and throughout the said United Kingdom, for the Purposes in that behalf £foresaid; and the Results of such Use shall on all such Occasions be deemed and taken to be accurate and Just Results.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Trials of the Strength of any Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Excise, with the said Hydrometer called Sites'*Hydrometer, in any Part of the said United Kingdom, the Strength of Nine per Centum above Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sites's Hydrometer, (half be substituted for the Strength of One to Nine over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in an Act. of the Twenty (ixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things, for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, in force immediately before the passing of this

Y y 3 Aa;

EstablHbment of the Table of Strengths and Sliding Rule for Sikes'a Hydro* meter.

Regulating the Strength of Spiriu} Sec.

16 G.> c. 73. |6o.

C. 136.

56° GEO. III.

AJXlffU

Where less th»n aooL and not under sol.

Where less than aoL

or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same Jha& laid out and invested under the like Direction and Appnhatioift the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenemeota or Hi ditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upos i and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the fi manner as the Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so chafed, taken or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or m of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Sesfaflfl shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Efsect; att the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the fsii Msfe shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon ApphoflU thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in has Ham the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or IV Pounds ter Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the matfii and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the (ad Cam to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and MR Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annstfin, hi from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court to the MV or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled kith Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenei^nts or HeredkamotiiS hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or SeotenoM were made*

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if ay Money so agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hendka* ments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes dorefiii adV longing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Periamxsfer mt§ Dilability or Incapacity as aforesaid, (kali be less that due Ssa m Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Ssb ft Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same fbfi, m tfct Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to iht Rents and Profits of the Tenements or Hereditaments so patfefel taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Gmnhmt Can mittee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to Ve ftpfe fied in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into die nk in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant Gerald the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account si aforesaid, in order to be applied in the mauner hereinbefore directdj or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option of Two Ts£ tees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such OpUR and approved by the said Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars, kk Nomination and Approbation to be (ignified in Writing under da Hands and Seals of the nominating and approving Parties rdped* ively, in order that such Principal Monies, and the Dividends ariaf thereon, may ber applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, Jo hr as the case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required ts obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Ckmosj*

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That wks feck Money so agreed to be paid as lad before mentioned shal be WCi than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be ap» plied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the bat being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Teoemesb or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Chancellor, Mailers and Schoha shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy* then to his, her*

tin

S6* GEO. III.

C. 140.

695

Degree of Strength than the said Seventeen per Centum under Forfeiture under Proof; and also that all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under or mentioned by virtue of any other of the said last mentioned Acts, for or by rea- offencea* son of their lower Degree of Strength than last aforesaid, shall^together with the Calks and Packages containing the same, be and remain forfeited for and by reason of the said Spirits being of a lower Degree of Strength than the said Seventeen per Centum under Proof; and that in act such Trials as aforesaid* the Strength of Twenty ter Centum under Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sties'* Hydrometer, shall be substituted for the Strength of One in Five under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in the said Alt of the Thirtieth Year aforesaid, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Revenue^of Excise, in force immediately before the patting of this Act; and that all Spirits made fuhied to Forfeiture under or by virtue of the said last mentioned Acts, or any or either of them, for or by reason of their higher Degree of Strength than last aforesaid, shall, together with the Calks and Packages containing the same, be and remain forfeited, for or by reason of the said Spirits being of a higher Degree of Strength than the said Twenty per Centum under Proof; and that in all Accounts taken under or by virtue of the said Act, made in the Thirtieth Year aforesaid, by any Officer or Officers of Escife, of the Stock of British Brandy, redified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, Compounds or other British Spirits, of any Redifier or Redifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits (whether a Maker or Makers of Spirits or not), all and every such Stock and Stocks shall be taken and computed at the Strength of Twenty eight per Centum under Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sikes9s Hydrometer, in lieu and instead of calling and computing the same at the Strength of One in Three and Three fourths under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act; and that all Spirits Forfeiture of made subject to Forfeiture under or by virtue of the stud last men- Spirit* when dif-tioned Ad, for or by reason of any such Stock added to the Quantity ^e^theQuan-of Spirits, for which Permits shall have been granted since the time of t-lly m taking the last preceding Account of such Stock, being found to Stock at the time exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of of taking the Excise in such Stock, at the time of 'taking the last preceding Ac- PrecedinK Account of such Stock by the Officer or Officers of Excise, added to C0UDt* the Quantity since received or made, as in the said last mentioned Act is mentioned, with the Allowance in the said last mentioned Act in that behalf mentioned, shall be and remain forfeited for or by reason of such Stock being found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of Excise in such Stock at the time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock, calling or computing the same in manner directed by this Act; and that all British Spirits of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than Forty three per Centum above Proof, denoted by the same Hydrometer called Sites's Hydrometer, shall be deemed and taken to be Spirits of Wine, within the Meaning of the said Act made in the Twenty 180.3. c. 46. lixih Year of the Reign of His present* Majesty: Provided always, Pnwifo, that if the Strength 0* any Spirits manufactured and imported from ^lrits _

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great potion to* Britain called England as aforesaid shall fapon Trial, by any Officer England, shall or Officers of Excise in England, by the find Hydrometer, called not be forfeited

Sikes's

684 C. 136, 137- 56° GEO. III. AJhlS

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

OCCUPIERS.

DESCRIPTION.

Ann Bailey Edward Hutton

A Dwelling House A Dwelling House

OWNERS.

f Thomas Preston,

beneficial Leak iron

I the City of Odbri

Edward Hutton, sadert { similar Lease.

Robert Bateman J Herbert - [ Edward Leader

James Stone

i

Dorothy Barker Richard Paine -

A Dwelling House and 1 small Court Yard - -j Ditto

A Dwelling House, Shop-! under Hertford College Library, and a small Garden and Court Yard -J

AD welling House and small' Court Yard

A small Public House, and Court Yard

L

Jane Vowles. Ditto.

James Stone.

The Rererend Mr. Dm.

Edward Midden, usds' a beneficial Leak iron j the City of Oz&xtL j

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of tbeYaftlw

of the Reign of King James the First, intituled An ABf\ the better Relief of the Creditors against such as Jbeil km Bankrupts. [2d Jtdj iSri

x Jac. i. c. 15. t HERE AS in and by an Act passed in the First Tor sf d

14*V V Reign of His late Majesty King James the Firt, srtiuk

1 An Act for the better Relief oj the Creditors agasuffiuh aish

become Bankrupt, it was amongst other things eoaaed, tint

Debtor of a Bankrupt should be thereby endangered for the ft 1 ment of his or her Debt truly and bona fide to any such Bankrag ' before such time as he should underiland or know that he a

become Bankrupt: And Whereas the Provisions of the ft

Statute have been found to be beneficial, and it is also experts«to make such Provisions respecting the Delivery of Goods, Wae

Merchandizes and Effects as are hereinafter containedMiy therefore please Your Majesty that it may be eroded, asd be enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and witi ik Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Can mono, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Aahricy

Personi noten- of the'same. That no Person or Persons, Body Politic or Carpo dangered by De- rate, Joint Stock or other Company, having m his, ha«the or^ea»to>dS or Custody any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or E&C

Bankrupts, not belonging to any Person or Persons who shall be or become Bankrcp having a Know- shall be endangered for or by reason of the Delivery of say iac ledge of such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effects truly and bourn fit to foe Bankruptcy. Person or Persons, or to his, her or their Order, before fod ca as the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, Joint Ssd

C1

56° GEO. III.

69 7

C. 141, 142.

for the County, Town or District in which such Land is situated; which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to adrainifter; and If Value above in case the Value shall appear to exceed One hundred Pounds, that IocI*other other Lands, of at least an equal Value, estimated and verified in "be manner aforesaid, shall be well and legally conveyed to and for the convejr same Uses as the Lands conveyed by the said Spiritual Persons or Corporations Sole, and as the Consideration thereof; and in case the Application of Value shall appear not to amount to One hundred Tounds, but shall the Money if exceed Twenty Pounds, such Value shall be paid to the Governors that of the Bounty of Queen Anne^ for the Augmentation of the Main- a ue* tenance of the Poor Clergy, to be by them used and applied for the Benefit of such Spiritual Person or Corporation Sole, in the same manner as they are now empowered by Law to use and apply other Sums of Money coining into their Hands; and in case the Value shall not amount to Twenty Pounds, the said Value shall be paid in Money to such Spiritual Person or Corporation Sole, to be by him applied at his own Discretion.

III. Provided always, That no Alienation made by virtue of this Time within Act shall be queflioaed after the Expiration of Twenty Years from which Aliena-the time of such Alienation, on account of any Want of Compliance tion*

; with the Forms prescribed by this Act. questioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Ground which has been Burial Ground or shall be consecrated as Burial Ground shall, after Twenty Years discharged of ad. from the time of such Consecration, be considered as discharged from*

all adverse Titles, Claims and Demands whatsoever, and as absolutely Confeera. veiled in the Trustee or Trustees, if any, thereof; and if there tion thereof.

should not be any such Trustee or Trustees, then in the Vicar or Perpetual Curate, if any, for the time being; and if there should not be any Vicar or Perpetual Curate, then in the Rector for^ie time being of each Parish in which such Burial Ground is or shall be situate.

CAP. CXLII.

An Act for

n Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Monies therein mentioned

dioufand eight hundred and sixteen; and^ for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[2d July 1816.]

f I.£.3, 000, 000 o o Surplus out of Consolidated1)

Fund.-

II. 18, 694, 100 o o Part of Monies in the Exche-

18, 694, 100

quer to complete Aids for 1815.

III. 5*663, 7 55 o o Surplu8oftheGrantsfori8i5»

IV. 599*916 3 6

o o Surplus of the Grants fori 815.

3 6

1815.

amen rrora oaie 01 uia naval and Victualling Stores

V.

43*47

3 ll\ Issued prior to 5th January

1810. and remaining as Out Cash in the Chest of the Four Tcllers of the Exchequer

686 C. 139. 56° GEO. III. AJlfl

How Ptrish Apprentices fhiU be bound.

Justices to enquire into certain Matters,

nay examine the Parents.

In what case Justices lo make an Order that Overseers bind the Child Ap. prentice.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Act to regulate the binding of Parish Apprentices.

[id Jif/j iSi

WHEREAS many Grievances have arisen from the biria 4 W poor Children as Apprentices by Parish Officer) to 4 proper Persons, and to Persons redding at a Distance foe

Parishes to which such Poor Children belong, whereby tie I

Parish Officers, and the Parents of such Children, are

4 of the Opportunity of knowing the manner in which fudCidl 4 are treated, and the Parents and Children have, in many \m 4 become estranged from each other; and also from the Feral 4 given ^Apprentices, by the Persons to whom such AppraH 4 nave been bound, to serve others without a formal AfEgwa 4 whereby the Discretion to be exercised by Magifbites ic pk 4 out Apprentices to suitable Persons, is frequency rendered of 4 avail: 9 For Remedy whereof, be it ena&ea by The % iMi Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confect of the Lai Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Mat assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from&tii the First Day of 0Bober in the Year of oor LordOsr tkk eight hundred and sixteen, before any Child Hull be bomlAppm rice by the Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, TorApcrfta such Child Audi be carried before Two Justices of ffirAacrafck County, Riding, Division or Place wherein fuchhihje« % or Place shall be situate, who shall enquire into the hsjrttt« binding such Child Apprentice to the Person or Person to m it Rial! be proposed by such Overseers' to bind such ChAd; a such Justices fhjfi particularly enquire and consider whether fat Person or Persons reside, or have his, her or their Place or Phot of Business within a reasonable Distance from the Place to wkhfc Child shall belong, having regard to the Means of Gmmuu* between such Places, or whether any Circumstances (hill nk i fit, in the Judgement of such Justices, that such Child Mi 1

Slaced Apprentice at a greater Distance; and if the Filler« (other of such Child (haul be living, and shall reside in or serd Place to which such Child shall belong, such Justices flail (if the fee fit) examine such Father or Mother, or either of them, ad h particularly enquire as to the Distance of the Refidenoe or Pkri Business of the Person or Persons to whom it shall be proposed J place such Child, and the Means of Communication therewith; a such Justices shall also enquire into the Circumstances tod Clan* of such Person or Persons; and if such Justices shall, npoc B Examination and Enquiry, think it proper that such Chid be bound Apprentice to such Person or Persons, such JidbcahS make an Order, declaring that such Person or Perfoui is* fit Person or Persons to whom such Child may be propetfetod as Apprentice, and shall thereupon order that the OverfeeraO* seers of the Place to which such Child shall belong M be*liberty to bind such Child Apprentice accordingly; which Order shall be delivered to such Overseer or Overseers, as the Win* for binding such 'Child Apprentice as aforesaid, ami such Order shall be referred to by the Date thereof, and the Name* of the W

JnAri

A.D>1816.

56° GEO, III.

689

C.1S9.

such Apprentice shall be so bound or assigned, shall be subject to the same Rules and Regulations as the Person or Persons to whom such Apprentice shall be originally bound; and in case any such Mailer or Mailers, Miilrefs or Midresses, shall remove as aforesaid, and shall take any such Apprentice to any other Place, without such Order as aforesaid, or shall wilfully abandon and leave any such Apprentice, without giving such Notice as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Apprentice, to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place, wherein, at the time of such Removal or Taking, the Apprentice shall have been legally settled, for the Use of the Poor of the same Parish, Township or Place; provided an Information shall be exhibited for such Offence within Three Calendar Months next after the Commission of the same.

4 IX. And Whereas it may be expedient, that those to whom

Parish Apprentices are bound or assigned should be empowered to

place out or assign over such Apprentice to others, and it is proper that such placing out or A Alignments should in all In (lances 4 be under the Inspection and Controul of the Magistrates; and it is

fit that the Person to whom such putting out or Assignment shall

j 4 be made, and also the Apprentice, shall be made subject to the ordinary Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace, with respect to Madera 4 and Parish Apprentices; and it is inexpedient that any Mader or 4 Mistress should in any way discharge or dismiss from his or her Service, any Parish Apprentice without the Consent of such Justices; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fird Day of j 0Bober in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall ' not be lawful for any Mader or Midrefs to put away or transfer any Parish Apprentice to any other, or in any way to discharge or difmils from his or her Service any Parish Apprentice without such Consent of Justices, as ia_ directed in an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices; and that no Settlement shall be gained by any Service of such Apprentice, after such putting away or Transfer, unless such Service shall have been performed under the San&ion of such Consent as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons, who, after the Fird Day of 0Bober in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, (nail put away or transfer any Parish Apprentice to another, or who shall in any way discharge or dismiss from his or her Service any Parish Apprentice without such Consent as aforesaid,

1 shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, for every Apprentice: so transferred.

XI. And Whereas the* salutary Provisions enacted by an Act

4 passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her Majesty 4 Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Poor,

4 are frequently evaded in the binding out of Poor Children, and 4 the Premium of Apprenticeship, or a Part thereof, is clandestinely 4 provided by Parish Officers, who are thus enabled to bind out 4 such Poor Children without the San&ion of Justices of Peace ; Be1 it further enacted, That after the said Fird Day of OBober, no Indenture of Apprepticeship by reason of which any Expence whatever shall at any time be incurred by the Public Parochial Funds, shall be valid and effectual, unless approved of by Two Justices of the 56 Geo. III. Y y Peace,

Mailers* Arc. removing and taking Apprentices without Order.

Penalty.

Provisions of 3»-G.3. c.57. enforced with respe£l to aligning or discharging Apprentices.

3*G.3. c.57.

Discharging Apprentices without Consent of J u ft ices.

Penalty. 43 EL c. a.

Indentures not valid unleCs approved by Two Justices.

C.189.

56 GEO. III.

Distance to which Apprentices bound not limited to Cities which are Counties of themselves.

No Settlement eained unless Directions com* plied with.

Over leers binding Apprentices contrary hereto.

Penalty.

Children not to be bound till they have attained Nine Yean.

In cases of M afters* Removal, Ac how Apprentices (lull be disposed of.

Notice of Re. moral.

AJXili

belongBe it enacted, That the Distance to which MI prentices may be bound* shall not be construed to be limited to i Cities and Boroughs being Counties, but shall extend to the Coi in which any such City and Borough* and any such District, tin belonging to another County, shall be locally (ituated.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Settlement M be ga by any Child who shall be bound by the Officers of any Fa Town ship or Place, by reason of such Apprenticed^ unltis I Order shall be made, and such Allowances of such lodestar Apprenticeship shall be (igned, as hereinbefore directed.

VI. And be it enacted* That in case any Overseer or 0*4 shall bind an Apprentice to any Person or Persons, without hi obtained such Order and such Allowances as hereinbefore irqoa and in case any Person or Persons shall receive any such Apprei as so bound, without such Order and Allowances having bees f obtained, the said Overseer or Overseers, and the said Pda Persons, shall each respectively forfeit the Sum of Ten Pooa^i each Apprentice so bound, to be recovered as the Penalties knsi after given are directed to be recovered.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after tk h First Day of October it shall not be lawful for any Parift Ola to bind out any Child as Parish Apprentice, until fochW h have attained the Age of Nine Years, any thing in aajA&orA& of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if ally M§ orW* to whom any Child shall be bound Apprentice If tk Oeh* of the Poor of any Parish or Place, (half after the faiYriDtjd OSoAer remove his, her or their Residence or EftabMunestd M nefs, out of the same County or Forty Miles hum thePiAn Place wherein the same was when such Child was bound Appicw such Person or Persons shall, at lead Fourteen Days prm?« t such Removal, give a written Notice thereof to the Cinmkrri* or Overseers of the Poor of the Place where such Apprram H then reside, unless such Person or Persons shall reside in fodfa under Certificate; and in that case such PersonsihiU giwtkfl Notice to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Phi where such Apprentice shall then be legally settled, and & Churchwardens and Overseers, and also the Mailer or Maso Mistress or Mistresses of such Apprentice, shall cade such Appd tice to appear before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Pd for the County or District within which such Apprentice Atf h then serving, who shall enquire whether it may be fit sad propcrlM such Apprentice should continue in the Service of fact Pd* Persons, or be discharged therefrom, or bound or iffigsedoKrto*? other Person or Persons, and shall thereupon make order, title»the Continuance of such Apprentice with such Person or P^* or for the Discharge of such Apprentice, or for the a assigning of such Apprentice to any other Person, as to^ their Discretion shall seem meet, and if they shall fee fit, require the Person or Persons so giving Notice of Reoovil, »]*J the Amount of the Premium received with such ApprcMj such Portion of it as to them shall seem meet* for the Exp^* assigning or binding such Apprentice to any other Person, w*approved by the said Justices; and the Person or Persons

l£

A.D. 1816.

XVII. £.60, 000 o

XVIII. 12, 044, 333 18 385, 2769333*^93 "

514, 288 7

142, 872 I

1

7l8, l88 9

M39>7°7

462, 760 o 119, 856 18 20, 835 s

550, 000 o 1112, 727 1

114, 302 6 460, 890 7

56° GEO. III. C.142. 701

o

8

6

6

4

2

8

4

o

6

5

o

2

7

7

For Preparation* for the Marriage of the Princess Charlotte Augusta.

For Land Forces and other Services; that is to say,

JFrom

For Household Troops

For the Regiments of Dra- goon Guards and Dragoons, and the Royal Waggon Train, proposed to be' Rationed m Great Britain -For the Corps of Infantry of the Line proposed to be employed in Great Britain, and in the Islands in the Channel For the Regiments of Cavalry proposed to be Rationed in Ireland - -

25th Dec. 1815. to 24th Dec. 1816.

For the Corps of Infantry of the Line, proposed to be Rationed in Ireland - -For the Corps of Regular Cavalry and Infantry, proposed to be employed on Stations Abroad, (excepting the Corps Rationed in France, and in the Territorial PoiTeflions of the East India Company)

For Miscellaneous Charges for Regiments on the Brt-tish Establishment -For Miscellaneous Charges for Regiments of the Line to be Rationed in Ireland For Five Troops of Dragoons and Twelve Companies of Foot Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purposeof recruitingthc Corps employed in theTerritorial

For the Year 1816.

Poffessionsof the Bast India Company For the embodied Militia of the United Kingdom For General Officers not being Colonels of Regiments -For the Pay of Supernumerary Officers -For Half Pay to reduced Officers of iheBritishAmt-

0. 139.

56 GEO. III.

A.DUfll j

PenaUiet how recovered.

Just ices empowered to dispose of Penalties.

Recovery of Penalties.

Form of Conviction.

ESC''

Peace, under their Hands and Seata, according to the Prtmiiod the said Act and of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfal I hereby imposed for any Offence against this Act, shall and wy recovered by Information before any Two Justices of the Pm the County or District where such Offence shall be comrattei

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be if I to and for the Justices before whom any such Penalty shall beri vered, to direct such Penalty, after deducting the necrfarrfT and Charges attending any Infoimation, and the Proceeding? A to be paid, applied and distributed, cither to the Person orP giving Information of the Offence for which such Penalty il incurred or to the Overseer of the Poor of the Parift or Ton in which such Offence shall have been committed, or by theC whereof such Apprentice shall have been bound, for the U(e of I Poor of such Parrfh or Township, or in the binding of the Apf tice, respecting whom such Offence shall be committed, to acre Person, or to be distributed and applied for any One or more off Purposes, as to such Justices shall teem meet.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That m case of ] of any Penalty hereby imposed, the same shall be levied by D and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Wumf J the Hands and Seals of the Justices before whon fed 0& shall have been convisted, or of any other Two Jdbeeeftkfl of the same County or District; and for want of fudlSttl Offender shall be committed to the Common Gaol orEWofO.rection for any Period not less than One, nor moretta&Wh to be appointed by the Justices before whom such Qfa&tt convicted.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the CmmdkfflWS fences against this Act, shall he in the Form following; that a

DE it remembered. That on the

in the Year of Our Lord is convicted before us of His H

Justices of the Peace for the County of Information of for that {herepit &

contrary to the Form of the Statute passed in the JFifrf axil the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third* Mdf Ad to regulate the binding of Parish Apprentices and Offence we do adjudge that the said

forfeit and pay the Sum of tobepsij

applied as follows {hereJlate the Application of the Pad]]* case such Penalty shall not be paid by the said.

or levied by Distress upon Goods ad&&

within Days from the Date of this

adjudge that the said (haUbebffc*

for the Space of

Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year mentioned.'

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case tay vifted for any Offence against this Act shall not payth^! imposed by such Conviction within One Calendar Month nrtj such Conviction shall take place* it shall be lawful tn «1*

10

56° GEO. III.

C.rm

695

A.D. 1&16.

9 III. And Whereas the Strengths of Spirits denoted by the said

Hydrometer called Sikes*s Hydrometer, according to the Temper-

ature thereof, have been set down in a Table, intituled, 44 A Table 4 of the Strengths of Spirits denoted by Sikes'* Hydrometer, " and 4 which said Table has been and is subscribed with the Hand of the

Right Honourable Nicholas Vansittart % Chancellor of the Exchequer of Great Britain; and Three accurate Scales or Sliding

j*Rules have been also constructed and prepared, to be used with the said Hydrometer, for the more convenient and ready Calculation of the Quantity of Spirits of certain Strengths, specified by the said

*Scales or Sliding Rules, respectively contained in or which can

; 4 be made from any Quantity of Spirits of any other Strength, which,

*. 4 upon Trial of such Spirits, may be denoted by the said Hydro-

4 meter, called Sikes's Hydrometer; one of the said Scales or Slid*

i ing Rules shewing the Quantity of Spirits per Centum of the

4 Strength of Proof contained in or which can be made from Spirits

4 of any other Strength, which, upon Trial of such Spirits, shall be 4 denoted by the mid Hydrometer, called Sikes's Hydrometer,

4 according to the Temperature of such Spirits} another of such

' 4 Scales or Sliding Rules shewing the Quantity of Spirits per Centum

' 4 of the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, contained in

4 or which can be made from Spirits of any other Strength, which,

4 upon Trial of such Spirits, shall be denoted by the said Hydro-r 4 meter, called Sikes's Hydrometer, according to the Temperature of

4 such Spirits; and anotner of such Scales or Sliding Rules shewing

4 the Quantity of Spirits per Centum of the Strength of Twenty

1 4 eight ter Centum under Proof, contained in or which can be made

4 from spirits of any other Strength, which, upon Trial of such

4 Spirits, shall be denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sikes's

r 4 Hydrometer, according to the Temperature of such Spirits; and

4 it is expedient to make such Provision for and in respect thereof as

4 is hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That the said Establishment of Strengths of Spirits so set down in the said Table, shall, in and the Table of throughout the said United Kingdom, be deemed and taken to be true and just; and the said Scales or Sliding Rules respectively shall s»ke*'s Hydr*^ also, in and throughout the said United Kingdom, be deemed accu- meter. 7 rate and just; and the said Table and Scales or Sliding Rules respe£t-ively shall, on all necessary or convenient Occasions, be used by the Officer and Officers of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs and Excise respectively, in and throughout the said United Kingdom, for the Purposes in that behalf ^loresaid; and the Results of such Use shall on all such Occasions be deemed and taken to be accurate and Just Results.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Trials of the Strength Regulating the of any Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Excise, with the said Strength of Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer, in any Part of the said Spirits, See. United Kingdom, the Strength of Nine per Centum above Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, called Sikes's Hydrometer, {half be substituted for the Strength of One to Nine over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in an Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign aftG.j. c. 73. of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things,6o< for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament selating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, in force immediately before the passing of this

Y y 3 Ad;

C. HO.

56" GEO. III.

41 G. 3. c.97.

Recited Clause in 41 G. 3.c.97. and the Act 41 G.3. c.97. repealed.

All Spirits to be deemed of the Strength of which Sikes's Hydrometer 4M& denote them.

Mill

1 Should upon Trial by any Officer or Officer* of Excise, fc

any such Spirits to be, which was to continue in force cri

Fifth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty e

and which by several subsequent Act was continued until the ' Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, shod

made perpetual; And Whereas, since the passing of the fzidi

an Hydrometer called Sites*s Hydrometer, hath with grot ' been completed, and bath by proper Experiments made hi ' Purpose been ascertained to denote as Proof Spirit that di

the Temperature of Fifty one Degrees by Fahrenheit'ilk

meter, weighs exactly Twelve thirteenth Parts of an equal ft of distilled Water; and also to determine the Strengths 1 ' other Spirits, in Proportion to the Quantity of fuchfW!

which is contained therein, or which can be made from then,

a Degree of Accuracy never before attained; and it is opt

to establish the same, in lieu and instead of the said Hydro!

called Clarke*s Hydrometer, which still remains in Ufc in I

Britain, under and by virtue of the said Act; and it is alibi

dient to repeal the said recited Clause of the said Act, made i

Forty first Year of the Reign aforesaid 5 and also an Act sa

the Forty second Year of the Reign aforesaid, intituled

authorize the Lord High Treasurer or CommissioneruftkTty

in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treasurer or tit Ceasfn 1 of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Eihoamt

employed in the Management of the Revenues, to he tinted i other In/lruments to be used instead thereof ; f Be it than enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, Vfnd wiffil Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempord, 1 Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, andby&i thority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of Jm One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the said recited Q and also the said Act made in the Forty second Year ifbrmid, 15^and the same arc hereby respectively repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in and throughout tail Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ from and after the fri Day of January One thousand eight hundred and feveatee Spirits shall save and except in the several case* hereinafter exp mentioned and otherwise provided for) be deemed and tain ml theTDegree of Strength at which the said Hydrometer, calkdfi Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers rf Customs or Excise, denote such Spirits to be, any thing in the Acts, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary thereof a 1 wife notwithstanding; and all Rules, Regulations, Prorfa h ties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things, in any Ad or .4 contained, and not hereby expressly controuled or altered, nor^nant to the Provisions of this Act, relating to the afeotssj^ Degree of Strength of any Spirits, or to the Degree of any Spirits, for any Purpose whatever, relating to &N* of Customs and Excise, or either of them, by the hid Hfto called Clarke's Hydrometer, or by any other Hydrometer, Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall be in fit and applied in all Respects as to the said Hydrometer called^Hydrometer, as fully and effectually as if the same were hotbi^ cularly reenadled as to such last mentioned Hydrometer.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 140.

695

Degree of Strength than the said Seventeen per Centum under Forfeiture under Proof{ and also that all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under or hit imentioned by virtue of any other of the said last mentioned Acts, for or by rea- ^, nnr-cn^!ln fun of their lower Degree of Strength than last aforesaid, shall thUAtt. together with the Calks and Packages containing the same, be and remain forfeited for and by reason of the said Spirits being of a lower Degree of Strength than the said Seventeen per Centum under Proof; and that in aS such Trials as aforesaid, the Strength of Twenty ter Centum under Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, called SiirPs Hydrometer, shall be substituted for the Strength of One in Five under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in the said Act of the Thirtieth Year aforesaid, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Revenue^bf Excise, in force immediately before the passing of this Act; and that all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under or by virtue of the said lad mention*

Acts, or any or either of them, for or by reason of their higher Degree of Strength than last aforesaid, shall, together with the Calks and Packages containing the same, be and remain forfeited, for or by reason of the said Spirits being of a higher Degree of Strength than the said Twenty per Centum under Proof; and that in all Accounts taken under or by virtue of the said Act, made in the Thirtieth Year aforesaid, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, of the Stock of British Brandy, redified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, Compounds or other British Spirits, of any Redifier or Kedifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits (whether a Maker or Makers of Spirits or not), all and every such Stock and Stocks shall be taken and computed at the Strength of Twenty eight per Centum under Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sties9s Hydrometer, in lieu and indead of calling and computing the same at the Strength of One in Three and Three fourths under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act; and that all Spirits Forfeiture of made subject to Forfeiture under or by virtue of the said last men- Spirits when d»f-tioned Ad, for or by reason of any such Stock added to the Quantity ^theQuan-of Spirits, for which Permits shall have been granted iince the time of ctny found ina taking the lad preceding Account of such Stock, being found to Stock at the time exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of of taking the Excise in such Stock, at the time of taxing the lad preceding Ac- pweding Account of such Stock by the Officer or Officers of Excise, added to counl* the Quantity since received or made, as in the said last mentioned Act is mentioned, with the Allowance in the said last mentioned Act in that behalf mentioned, shall be and remain forfeited for or by reason of such Stock being found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of Excise in such Stock at the time of taking the lad preceding Account of such Stock, cading or computing the same in manner directed by this Act; and that all British Spirits of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than Forty three per Centum above Proof, denoted by the same Hydrometer called Sikes9s Hydrometer, shall be deemed and taken to be Spirits of Wine, within the Meaning of the said Act made in the Twenty i8G. 3. c.46. sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: Provided always, Proyifo, ibat that if the Strength ol any Spirits manufactured and imported from ^'lrits that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great*X

Britain called England as aforesaid shall tipon Trial, by any Officer England, shall or Officers of Excise in England, by the find Hydrometer, called not be forfeited

Y y 4 Sites9s

c. ho.

56° GEO. III.

Aim

*6 G.35- 73-5 16, 47- 3*-»8 G. 3. c. 46-*4*-

30 G.3. c.37' $3*

54G.3-c.30*

§*

aG, 3. c. 5-1*4-

46 G. 3. c. 73. 33 G. 3. c.6i.*16.

Forfeitures u»-der 33 G.3. c.6z. together with Cjfks, Sic. and all Spirits made subject to

Act; and that all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture unde ct virtue of the said last mentioned Acts, or any or either of thea, or by reason of their being of a higher Degree of Strength tha aforesaid, shall, together with the Casks and Package! cooniwj same, be and remain forfeited, for and by reason of the said Sp being of a higher Degree of Strength than the £aid Strength ^f) Per Centum above Proof; and that in all such Trial* as afore!*, Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, denoted bruei Hydrometer, called Sikes's Hydrometer, shall be fabftituKlkl Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, memioffdftl said A St made in the Twenty sixth Year of Hi* said prr tat Mad Reign; or in another Act, made in the Twenty eighth Y<r of said Majesty's Reign, among other things, for better i\gulat a* Exportation of British made Spirits from England to SculuJ from Scotland to England; or of another Act, made io the T tieth Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, among other :i to continue Two Acts made in the Twenty eighth and Tv-uni Years of the Reign of His present Majesty therein m rfHrd; of another Act made in the Fifty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, among other things, for regulating the HVthj ing of Spirits distilled from Corn in Ireland for Export/^ ii out Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable therwe; other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Hit MijrMJIfrai of Excise in any Part of the United Kingdom, in forer isx)eiald| before the passing of this Act; and that all Spmu Forfeiture under or by virtue of the said latt imtwve Att, any or either of them, for or by reason of their Strength than last aforesaid, shall, together with the CaR-xwiW ages containing the same, be and remain forfeited for and by rei of the said Spirits being of a higher Degree of Strength tH said Eight per Centum above Proof; and that in all such Tri; aforesaid, the Strength of Fifteen per Centum under Proof, <M by the said Hydrometer, called Sikes' a Hydrometer, Hull r. 3 manner be substituted for the Strength of One to Six under meter Proof, mentioned in an Act made in the Second Y«tf| the Reign of His said Majesty, among other things, for regulating and encouraging the Exportation of Briiijk made SpifJ and that in all such Trials as aforesaid, the Strength of Seir.2 per Centum under Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, aS Sikes's Hydrometer, shall in like manner be fubiftutfd^ Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, mcoii^ the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid; or in another A made in the Thirty third .Year of the Reign aforesaid, things, for regulating the Duties on Didilleries in the id;'* Districts in Scotland; or in another Act made iu thcTk?4^ Year of the Reign aforesaid, among other things, forrt^1* Duties on Difti&eries in the respective DistriSs in Stub*''a any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majtiru^ nue of Excise, in force immediately before the passing of this and that all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under or the said Act of the Thirty third Year aforesaid, for or by wM their higher Degree of Strength than lad afoitsaid, shall, with the Calks and Packages containing the same, be sad forfeited, for and by reason of the said Spirits big of1 Y

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

697

C. 141, 142.

for the County, Town or- District in which such Land is situated; which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to adrainifter; and If Value above in case the Value shall appear to exceed One hundred Pounds, that IO°h olher other Lands, of at least an equal Value, estimated and verified in ^be manner aforesaid, shall be well and legally conveyed to and for the ConvCy same Uses as the Lands conveyed by the said Spiritual Persons or Corporations Sole, and as the Consideration thereof; and in case the Application of Value shall appear not to amount to One hundred Tounds, but shall the Money if exceed Twenty Pounds, such Value shall be paid to the Governors that of the Bounty of Queen Anne % for the Augmentation of the Main- "ue* tenance of the Poor Clergy, to be by them used and applied for the Benefit of such Spiritual Person or Corporation Sole, in the same manner as they are now empowered by Law to use and apply other Sums of Money coming into their Hands; and in case the Value.shall not amount to Twenty Pounds, the said Value shall be paid in Money to such Spiritual Person or Corporation Sole, to be by him applied at his own Discretion.

III. Provided always, That no Alienation made by virtue of this Time within

Act shall be questioned after the Expiration of Twenty Years from ^hicli Aiiena-thc time of such Alienation, on account of any Want of Compliance t, 0D*m»y* with the Forms prescribed by this Act. qoeftioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Ground which has been Burial Ground or shall be consecrated as Burial Ground shall, after Twenty Years discharged of ad- from the time of such Consecration, be considered as discharged from v*rfe

all adverse Titles, Claims and Demands whatsoever, and as absolutely Confeers-

vested in the Trustee or Trustees, if any, thereof; and if there tjon thereof

should not be any such Trustee or Trustees, then in the Vicar or

Perpetual Curate, if any, for the time being; and if there should not

be any Vicar or Perpetual Curate, then in the Rector forfjie time

being of each Parish in which such Burial Ground is or shall be

(ituate.

CAP. CXLII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum out of the ConsolidatedFundof Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[2d July 1816.] o o Surplus out of Consolidated*)

Fund.-o o Part of Monies in the Exchequer to complete Aids for 1815.

o o Surplus of the Grants fori815.

3 6 Being 44 Part* of 679, 90c/.

anfen from Sale of Old Naval and Victualling Stores 43, 247 3 lli Issued prior to 5th January

1810. and remaining as Out Cafii in the Chest of the Four Tellcrsof the Exchequer

fi-

ll.

hi.

IV.

se.$&oo*>oo

18, 694, 100

5.663*755

599, 9*6

696

C.140, 141.

66° GEO. III.

A.D.UH

for Importation into England, unless they exceed Eight per Centum above Proof.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

AO may be altered. &c.

Continuance of AO.

Sikes'8 Hydrometer, be denoted to be greater than that of Eight) Centum above Proof, and such Excels shall not exceed Three ] Centum over and above the said Strength of Eight per Ceut\ above Proof, then and in such case the said Spirits shall not be fj feited, but shall be charged with a further Duty, proportioned their said Surplus Strength.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and F< feitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Paaky< Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by a Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wt

-minster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respeditrfr, a that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture flail to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of tbeJVa visions thereof, may be varied, altered or repealed by any Ad o Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament.

VII. Provided always, That this Act shall have Contmtnoce ucc the First Day of August which will be in the Year One thoofiodrigi hundred and eighteen, and no longer.

CAP. CXLI.

Bodies Corporate may fell Portions of Land adjoining Cemeteries for enlarging thereof :

With certain Coofents.

VJue of the Land to he af-ceruined.

An Act for enabling Ecclesiastical Corporate Sofa, under certain Circumstances, to alienate Lands for entail Cemeteries or Churchyards. [2d Jdj 1&16.I

XT 7 HERE AS Cemeteries, Churchyards or Burying Grooadi

W are in various Places found to be too small, and the ha

cannot be conveniently enlarged, without appropriating for Cos ' fecration some Part of the Lands belonging to Corpondocs or! ' Spiritual Persons, not authorized by Law to alienate such Lzsdfaf 1 any Purpose whatsoever Be it enacted by The King's M0&L1 cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lori Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present PsrKane assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and the the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Spiritual c Ecclesiastical Body Corporate or Spiritual Person, being 1 Co poration Sole, pofTeffing any Land adjacent to any Cemetery, Chord* yard or Burying Ground, to fell, by Indenture of Bargain and Salq inrolled in the High Court of Chancery within Six Calendar Mooths, for the Purpose of Consecration, such Portion thereof as may be deemed necessary for enlarging any such Cemetery, Churchyard x Burying Ground, not exceeding One Acre.

II. Provided always, That m case of any Spiritual Person, bmt a Corporation Sole, the Consent of the Lord Bishop of the Dock or Ordinary, and of the Patron of the Living held by such ration Sole, shall be testified by their being Parties to the Aheaooa of the said Land; and that previously thereto the Value of fuchLwi shall be ascertained, and, together with a Description thereof, be coo* mitted to Writing by some competent Person, to be named and ip* pointed by the Ordinary; which Person so appointed shall verify ti? same on Oath, before some One of His Majesty'a Jufbces of the Pop

A.IX1816.

C. 139.

689

56° GEO. III.

such Apprentice shall be so bound or assigned, ft all be subject to the same Rules and Regulations as the Person or Persons to whom such Apprentice shall be originally bound; and in case any such Mailer or Mailers, Mi ft refs or Miftresses, shall remove as aforesaid, and shall take any such Apprentice to any other Place, without such Order as aforesaid, or shall wilfully abandon and leave any such Apprentice, without riving such Notice as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Apprentice, to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place, wherein, at the time of such Removal or Taking, the Apprentice shall have been legally settled, for the Use of the Poor of the same Parish, Township or Place; provided an Information shall be exhibited for such Offence within Three Calendar Months next after the Commission of the same.

IX. And Whereas it may be expedient, that those to whom

Parish Apprentices are bound or assigned should be empowered to

place out or assign over such Apprentice to others, ana it is pro- per that such placing out or Assignments should in all In (lances

be under tfye Infoe&ion and Controul of the Magistrates; and it is

fit that the Person to whom such putting out or Assignment shall

be made, and also the Apprentice, mail be made subject to the ordi-

nary Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace, with respect to Madera ' and Parish Apprentices; and it is inexpedient that any Mailer or

Mistress should in any way discharge or dismiss from his or her Service, any Parish Apprentice without the Consent of such Justices Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the First Day of OGLobtr in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall not be lawful for any Mailer or Mistress to put away or transfer any Parish Apprentice to any other, or in any way to discharge or dismiss from his or her Service any Parish Apprentice without fugli Consent of Justices, as is-directed in an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices; and that no Settlement shall be gained by any Service of such Apprentice, after such putting away or Transfer, unless such Service shall have been performed under the Sanction of such Consent as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons, who, after the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall put away or transfer any Parish Apprentice to another, or who shall in any way discharge or dismiss from his or her Service any Parish Apprentice without such Consent a3 aforesaid, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, for every Apprentice so transferred.

c XI. And Whereas the salutary Provisions ena6led by an Act 4 passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her Majesty 4 Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Poor9 4 are frequently evaded in the binding out of Poor Children, and 4 the Premium of Apprenticeship, or a Part thereof, is clandestinely 4 provided by Parish Officers, who are thus enabled to bind out 4 such Poor Children without the San&ion of Justices of Peace Be' it further enacted, That after the said First Day of Ofiober, no Indenture of Apprepticeship by reason of which any Expence whatever shall at any time be incurred by the Public Parochial Funds, shall be valid and effectual> unless approved of by Two Justices of the 56 Geo. III. Y y Peace,

Mailers, kc* removing and taking Apprentices without Order.

Penalty.

Provisions of 3xG.$.q.S7-enforced with respect to aligning or discharging Apprentices.

32 G. 3. c.57.

Discharging Apprentices without Consent of Justices.

Penalty.

43 El. c.

Indentures not

valid unlefc approved by Two Justices.

688

C. 142.

56° GEO. III.

AJXlil

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

X.

XI.

XII.

XIII.

Provided that whenever the Payment of the whole or any Part of the said Sum of 43, 247/. 3/. n|^. remaining afi Out C^h in the Chest of the Four Tellers as aforesaid, shall be demanded at the Exchequer, the Treasury shall Discharge the same.

£. 13*05 5 3i Remaining in the Exchequer

on the 5th January 1816.

for Payment of certain An-

nuities for Terms of Yean which expired Anms 1792.

1805. 1806 and 1807.

Provided that whenever Payment of the whole or any Part of the said Sum of 13, 205/. 51. $J, d. remaining for Payment of certain Annuities for Terms of Years as aforesaid, shall be demanded at the Exchequer, the Officers of the Receipt to Dischargethe same.

69326 o 9! Remaining in the Exchequer on the 5 th July 1815. and charged upon the Consolidated Fund for Services which cannot now be claimed -

72, 973 15 3 Remaining in the Exchequer on the 5 th January 1816. on the Funds for Payment of Annuities on Lives granted Annu 1745.174^#

1757* 2778 and 1779. on which the Lives have expired (ince the 5th January 1802.

6, 545 5 4 Being the Amount of Money

paid by the Receivers General of the Land Tax, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Foroes, pursuant to 37 G. 3. c. 4.

Anting by 56 G. 3. c. 17.

Ariling from the Sale of) For

3, 500, 000

79>988

o

<6

Granted to sak good the SapfJ for Grut Sritn for

Service

Old Naval and Victualling I

Store..SajXXW

>.l 816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 142.

<599

IV. Monies nufed by Exchequer BiUs by 56 G. 3., 3. not ex-") ceeding 3, 000, 000/. w*

<£11, 000, 000

6, 000, 000

o

o

$, 000, 000 o o

By Exchequer BiHa 56 G* 3. c. 4.

Advanced by the Bank under 56 G. 3. c. 14. so much of the Monica coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for Lotteries granted by 56 G-. c.61. aa shall remain after paying One Third Part of the Profits that shall arise from such Lotteries, for the Service of Ireland ..

Advanced by the Bank under 56 G.3. c. 96.

Money arising from unclaimed Dividends under 56 G.3. c. 97.

13, 000, 000

599, 916

43»a47

11.205

6, 326

7*973

6, 545

13, 694, 100

3, 500, 000

o By Exchequer Bills under 56 G. 3 6 (granted above, § IV.)

114 (granted above, fV.)

34 (granted above,

(granted above,

(granted above,

(granted above,

(granted above,

Arising by 56

*-54

91

3

4

o

X

1

an

H

>4

c

XV.

$ VII.) - IX.)

*X.)

#xi.)

*11)

G.3. 17. being the

Surplus of the Grants for 181 granted out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund -5, 663, 755 O o Surplus of the Grants for 1815.

3, 000, 000 o o .... of the Consolidated Fund of Great

Britain -

Money coining into the Irish Exchequer in Ireland from Trea- fury Bills uuder 56 G. 3. c. 42,

From Treasury Bills under 56 G. 3.1.41.

From Lotteries - - c. 61.

From Treasury Bills - ---. — c. 47.

Arisen from the Sale of Old Naval and

79, 988 16 6

tvi. 10, 114, 345 11 7

7<5i»475 O 0

1, 077, 862 IO 0

922, 350 O 0

250, 150 O 0

59*7*3 l6 7

82, 619 18 6

43, 864 1? 6

49*»95 3 4

*7*533 2 2

33*061 7 0

35*45° 2 10

*5*453 c 6

60, 728 5 0

Victualling Stores

Men,

For Victuals,

For Wear and Tear of Ships,

For Ordnance for Sea Service,

For Salaries and Contin- gencies of the Admiralty For the Navy Office For the Navy Pay Office For the Victualling Office For Deptford Yard For Woolwich Yard For Chatham Yard

For Sheer nest Yard For Portsmiuti Yard, &c#

O

o

cu

r'1 15 6

Atf*r 10 3

> Man/wr. '

Month, 230

O O

si

2 fru-

if 5

lit

d.

1

700

C. 142.

56" GEO. III.

A.D.IS1S.

S&47.49691 6.791 3 5 57>462 18 7 54*4*3 7 6 141, 121 o 3

3, 467 10 o 132, 960 7 6

113, 149 o o

535, 589 o o

1, 173, 841 7 6

7*>707 3 4

2, 102, 563 o &

479, 156 o o

6!, 303 15 3

1, 611, 041 2 4

69, 820 o o 112, 904 6 7 3, 080 15 io

For Plymouth Yard For the Out Ports For the Foreign Yards For Victualling Yards For Officers and Men of Veffeh in Ordinary -For Bounty to Chaplains For Victuals for Officers and Men of Vessels in Ordinary For Expence of Harbour, Mooring and Rigging For the Ordinary Repairs of Ships, Docks and Buildings in the several Yards and Offices For Half Pay, Superannuation Allowances , and Pen-fion8 to Officers of His Majesty's Navy and Royal Marines, their Widows and Relatives -For Superannuation Allowances to Commissioners, Secretaries, Clerks and others, in the Civil Department of the Admiralty, and of Allowances in lieu of Half Pay to Naval Officers formerly in Civil Departments For the Building, Rebuilding and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants' Yards, and other extra Works over and above what are proposed to be done, upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary -For the Purchase of Provisions for Foreign Stations and Rations of Troops, to be embarked on board of Ships of War and Trans-ports - -

For Salaries and Contingent Expences of the Tran (port Office and for Sick and Wounded For the Transport Office -For Prisoners of War - -

For Sick andWounded Seamen For Superannuations in the Transport Service - --

For the Yor tSi6>

3.1816.

66° GEO. lit. C. 142. 701

VII.

'III.

#£.6o, oooo o o 12, 044, 333 18 8

385, 27696

333*693 11 6

514, 288 7 4

142, 872 1 2

718, 18898 M39*707 10 4

462, 760 o o 119, 856 18 6 20, 835 5 5

550, 000 o o 182, 727 I 2

114, 302 6 7 460, 890 7 7

For Preparation* for the Marriage of the Princess Charlotte Augusta

For Land Forces and other Services; that is to say,

From

For Household Troops - .«[ 25th Dec. 1815. to

24th Dec. 1816*

For the Regiments of Dra-1 goon Guards and Dragoons, and the Royal Waggon Train, proposed to be ' stationed in Great Britain

For the Corps of Infantry of the Line proposed to be employed in Great Britain, and in the Islands in the Channel For the Regiments of Cavalry proposed to be stationed in Ireland For the Corps of Infantry of the Line, proposed to be stationed in Ireland -For the Corps of Regular Cavalry and Infantry, proposed to be employed on Stations Abroad, £ excepting the Corps stationed in France, and in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company)

For Miscellaneous Charges for Regiments on the British Establishment For Miscellaneous Charges for Regiments of the Line to be stationed in Ireland For Five Troops of Dra- goons and Twelve Companies of Foot stationed in Great Britain9 for the Purposeof recruitingthe Corps employed in theTerritorial

For the Year 1816.

Possessions of the East India Company For the embodied Militia of the United Kingdom For General Officers not being Colonels of Regiments -For the Pay of Supernumerary Officers -For Half Pay to reduced Officers of the Briti/l Amt-

C.H2.

56° GEO. III.

£*t9fill 15 4

910, 316 6 7

93>899 5 8 370, 669 18 5 17, 550 19 11

fy*4*4 ° 3

189, 406 tO ft

178, 857 tfo 35, 000 6 O 106, 063 ff 4 39*9<H <4 7

17*964 # 9

ricMTi Forces and Scotch' Brigade -For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of the

British American Forces -For In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines For Foreign Corps in the Service of the United Kingdom For Allowances to retired Chaplains, and to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad, including the Expences of the Office of Chaplain General and Contingencies For Allowances on the Com-paffibnate Lift to Children of deceased Officers of the Land Forces and to Widows of Officers of the said Forces not entitled to the Pension, including Allowances as of His Majesty's Royal Bounty to several Officers and to Relatives of deceased Officers - -For Commiflariat Department in Ireland For Barrack Department in Itelafid ... FcY Pay' to British Officers in the Portvguefe Army -For recruiting on the British Establishment - -fdf recruiting the Forces in ittldfid

For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation or Retired Allowances to Civil Officers, in several public Departments id the United Kingdom, in respect of their having hdd any public Offices' or Employments' of a Civil nature - -

From 25th Dec. 1815. fc 24th Dec. iBif.

1816.

56pGEO.HI.

C. 146.

703

1, 234, 596 13 6 277, 885 10 r

183, 062 4 3

110, 113 8 2 90, 000 o o 53*OI3 4 7

127, 863 2 o

44, 800 o o 405, 240910

178, 626 o ©

150.000 o o

100.000 © o

1, 500, 000 o o

9&9>*o 7 r© fy&S9fe

For the Land Force* ftatioued in France -For General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals serving with Foroes, and the Charge of Garrisons For Allowances to the Principal Officers of several publie Departments in the United Kingdom, their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences For Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom -For the Local Militia in Great Britain For Medicine* and Surgical Materials, for the Land Forces and other Hospital Contingencies For Exchequer Fees in Great" Britain, and of Poundage Pells and Hospital Fees in Irelandupon I flues to be made for Army Services -For Storekeeper General's Department For the Commissaryin Chief's Department, exclusive of any Porchafes of Specie -For Barrack Department in i Great Britain For the Disembodied Militia ] of Great Britain, including the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Corn-mall, for various Periods in i8x6w -

For the Year 1816.

For the Disembodied Militia of Ireland for various Periods in 1816.

For Extraordinaries of the Army during the present Year -For Ordnance for Land Service - -j

For Expence of Services of Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, and not pro-, Tided for in 1814*

Seif Expence of Services of Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, and not provided for in 1815.

16, 851 »3 4

AJXUI&

C. 142.

56° GEO. III.

*£.158, 240 13 o

31.474 H 9

For the Year iSik

200, 000 o o

For Charge of Office of'

Ordnance for Great Britain on Account of Allowances to Superannuated, Retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers seconded and to Officers for good Services, to Superannuated and Dif-abled Men, also for Pensions to Widows and Children of Deceased Officers, late belonging to the several Ordnance Military Corps For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Great Britain, in respe£t of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil nature, and also the Charge of Widows' Pensions For Expences of Reduction in the Office of Ordnance Land Service in Great Britain

186, 0039O For Ordnance Military Corps employed with the Army of Occupation in Franee -For Ordnance in Ireland For Ordnance for Ireland not provided for it tSiy For Charge of Office of"

Ordnance in Ireland on account of Pay of Retired Officers of the late Irish Artillery and Engineers, and of Pensions to Widows of deceased Officers of the same

For Allowances, Compen-. fations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to the Office of Oranance in Ireland» in respect of their having held any Public Office or Employment of a Civil nature, and also for the Charge of Widows' Pensions

19W37 7 3 19.384 1* 3 11, 97697

*.993 15 °

For the Year iSrf-

X181*.

56° GEO. III.

C. 142.

705

X. 11, 024, 100 o o For dischareing Outstanding Exchequer Bills

under 55 (f. 3. r. 4.

Ditto, --- r. 148.

Ditto, —— c. 149,

XI. 4, 500, 000 o o

CII. 1, 500, 000 o o

[II. 18, 694, 100 o o IV. 6, 000, 000 o o

XV. Civil Eftabfifhments 3, 301 10 o

1, 023 o o

600 o o

10, 865 °* 0

13^40 o o

6, 196 10 o

2, 194 o o

3, 826 o o

5485 o o

12423 10 o

15, 660 o o

/I. 3, 000, 000 O O

260^00 o o

39, 185 17*33, 819 17 t 174, 681 2 6

43, 151 3 O

787, 400 o O

19, 685 o o

Ditto, charged upon Aids of 1815.

Ditto, under 55 G, 3. c. 196.

; viz,

Bahama Islands.

Bermudas or Somers Islands,

Dominica

Upper Canada.

Nova Scotia

JVipw Brvnswick.

Cape Breton,

St, John now Prince Edward JJland. Newfoundland,

New South Wales

Leone,

For discharging Intereffc ort"

Exchequer Bills - -

Being tJt5 part of 26, 000, 000 of Exchequer Bills charged lift Session upon Aids granted by present Session, by Quarterly Payments, to be placed to Acconnt of Co'mmissioners of National Debt

So^fUtaryAfylum a-lFro?s& D";

For the Royal Military College - -

For discharging on 5th April 1816. certain Annuities under 37 G, 3* r. 9. and 42 G. 3. c, 8*

For discharging on 10th October 1816. certain Annuities under the Said Acts.

For discharging on 5th April 1816. certain Debentures

Fbr the Year ending ift Feb, 1817.

1815. 'to 24th Dec, 1816.

under 3* cc.41. 53.

rest on

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For Half Year's Intere;

' the Monies raised by the said Debentures -500, 000 o O For Deficiency or Loss from Recoinage of Silver, and Charges and Expences of melting, &c. 94549I 13 4 To the Eqfl India Company! To be paid without for Expences incurred by Fee or other De-them in the Public Service duction.

75, 217 o 6 For confining, maintaining and employing Convida at

*0, 000 o o For^probable Amount of ^For the Year 1816 Bilb drawn or to be drawn from New South Wales -.

56 Gbo* III. Z z

706

C. 1*2.

66° GEO. III.

A.D.D1S

&42, 000 o o 40, 000 o o

3S*oooo o

6 o 131830 o o

10*000 o o 4*000 0 o 6$o o o

1, 850 o o 266 13 4

299 o o

15.000 o o 3»oooo o o

2, 955 4 o 6*071 19 8

5, 128 10 6

16.000 o o

2, 540 o o 891 3 XI

2>590 o o

For building a Penitentiary House at Millhank

Tor the Year ill to be paid with Fee or other D duction.

To be paid nth Feeorotkrft data.

For Clergy* and Laity of'

France» Tanlmefe and Or-Jican Emigrants, Saint Do* mingo Sufferer* and Dutch Naval Officer*, and Clergy and Laity of France wno have not been enabled to return to their own Country For Purchase of the Elgin Marbles - -

For Superintendence of Alim*

For Building and Repairs at the without Fee, Ac.

For Law Charges.

For Prosecutions* Ac. relating to the Cos. For Superannuation Allow- ances to Retired Officers of the Mint For the like to retired Clerks and other Officers of the Commissionerfi for auditing the Public Accounts For the like to Joseph Plant a Esq. formerly One of the Pajmasteri of Exchequer

For the like to retired Officers of the Lottery Office For American Loyalists For the National Vaccine

Establiftunent

For Repairs of King Henry Vllth's Chapel - u

For Supplemental Charge for Printinff ports and other Papers by Order of Commons for Session of l8i£

For Deficiency of Grant of last Bills* Reports and other Papers by One* House of Commons in Session 1815- .

For Printing Bills, Reports and other ftp. Order of the House of Comnw* present Session.

For Printing Votes of the House during the prefient Session. Pr^

For Deficiency of Grant of i8ip "^1*750 Copies of VoL 68. of Jo81* House of Commons. ., v j k

For Printing hr 1816. 1, 750 (ty#1 5

of J4urnnfs of the House of Coffin*1* the Session of 1813-14.

To bepsad^hflU Fee or other De-dttdxa*

1816.

660 GEO. III.

C.142.

707

*6*0oo o o For Reprinting Journals and Reports of the House of Commons in 1816.

19)000 o o For Printing Acts of Parliament for the Two Houses of Parliament) for the Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace and Chief Magistrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the acting Justices throughout Great Britain; also for Printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the House of Lords for 1816.

3)015 18 4} For Deficiency of Grant in la ft Session for Printing A As of Parliament for the Two Houses of Parliament, and Sheriffs, &c., as above, and for Printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the House of Lords.

3, 206 12 10} For Deficiency of Grant for 1815. for Reprinting Journals and Reports of the House bf Commons.

185.000 o o To replace to Civil List Sums become chargeable

thereon, or issued thereout since 5th January 1816. in respect of those Services which, in pursuance of the Measures now before Parliament in regard to the Civil List, are hereafter to be otherwise provided for.

300.000 O o For such Expences of a Civil nature as do not

form a Part of the Ordinary Charges of the Civil List.

116, 450 o o To theOfficers, Petty Officers, "

Seamen andMarines, serving under the Command of Admiral Lord Keith, while Commander in Chief on the Coasts of Spain and France, for Captures taken from the Enemy and appropriated to the public Service

150.000 o o TotbeOfficers, Petty Officers,

Seamen and Marines, under the Command of Captain Jlobert Campbell at the Capture of Naples, 13 th May 1815. for Ships and Stores then taken from the Enemy and reftpred to the Neapolitan Government

100.000 o o To the Governors of Queen

Anhf* Bounty

101*53-9 6 To the Traftees of the British Museum to carry on the Trofts reposed in them by Parliament.

800 o o For removing thfe Elgin Marbles to the British Museum.

1*700 o o For eroding a temporary Building at the British Museum for the Reception of the Elgin Marbles. Z z 2

To be paid without Fee or other De-duction.

70» C. 142.

*£50, 000 o O

20.000 O O

75.000 o o

7>5oo o q 5*000 o o

2, 583 0 o

23.000 o o 3>764 J o

10.000 o o

16, 490 o o 8, 424 15 o

3.000 o o

10, 000 o o

3.000 o o 300, 000 o o

5.000 o o 2, 181 P o

XXVII- Irish Currency, 1, 250 o o

XXVIII. 24, 783 14 5

56» GEO. III.

A.D.IS16.

For Foreign and other Secret Services for 1816. For making Roads and building Bridges in th Highlands of Scotland.

For making an Inland Navigation from the Enfim to the Western Sea by Inveme/i and Fort Wi&jm for 1816.

For the Establishment of the Penitentiary Hodc, from 24th June 1816. to 24th June 1817. Towards budding a Penitentiary House at MVSesh and for providing Furniture for the Apaitsesti of the Officers for 1816.

For completing the Embanking the River Them: , in front of the Penitentiary rloufe at Milii&i for 1816.

For maintaining and repairing the British Forts oe the Coast of Africa for 1816.

For Works at the King's"

Bench Prison For repairing the Roads between London and Holyhead by Chester and London, and Bangor Ferry by Shrewsbury, for 1816.

For carrying on in 1816. the Improvements at Holyhead Harbour Towards Erection of an Afy-lum for Criminal Lunatics, and for the Maintenance and Government of such Lunatics ..

To Mr. Aaron Graham for the various Services he performed beyond those of Inspector of Convict Hulks For Works carrying on at the College at Edinburgh in 1816.

For the Board of Agriculture for 1816.

To the Portuguese Government, in purfi Convention signed at Vienna lift January 1S15 For Improvements at Wcjl-} minder - -

For Repairs and Alterations at the Royal Military Afy-lum at Chelsea - - -fin Ireland.]

For several Public Officer? lor their extraortey Trouble in 1816.

For Printing, Stationery and' other DMburfements for the Chief and Under Secretaries' Offices and Depart-

To be pad vidas Fee or etkr Deduction.

of 1

Paid, Ac. wtke Fee, Ac.

[> 181A

56° GEO. III.

C.H2.

*f09

XXIX.

ments, and other public Offices in Dublin Cattle,

&c. and for Riding Charges For One Year end-and other Expences of'ing 5th Jan. 1817. the Deputy Purfuivants1 and extra Messengers attending the said Officers, also Superannuated Allowances in the said Chief Secretary's Office 3, 726 5 o For Printing 1, 190 Copies of a compressed Quarto Edition of the Statutes of the United Kingdom, for the Use of the Magistrates of Ireland, and also 250 Copies of a Folio Edition thereof bound, for the Use of the Lords, Biffiops and public Officers.

Forpublishing Proclamations, ' and other Matters of a public Nature, in the Dub-tin Gazette and other

Fw'cnmnS Prosecutions* I iagSthJ- l8l7-and other Law Expences For apprehending public Offenders - -

For completing the Sum necessary for the Support of the Non Conforming Ministers.

For the Seceding Minister. C^°ne Year end- from the Synod of Ulster 1 2*th March

10, 500 o o

25.000 o o 2, 500 o o 9, 297 o o

3, 951 o o

£, 112 o o 1, 047 10 2

1, 086 o o 740 o o

31, 117 10 o

40.000 o o

46.000 o o

6, 000 o o 300 o o

10.000 o o

21, 600 o o

For One Year end-

1817.

For Salaries of Lottery Of-1 For One Year end-fices - - -j ing 24th June 1816.

For Pratique of the Port ofl For the Year ending Dublin -3 25th Dec. 1816.

f For Three Years

For clothing Heralds, &c.) from 17th March

t 1816.

For clothing the Battle-Axe 1 For 18 Months, Guards - - -j from ift June 1816.

For the Board of Works - For 1816.

For CM Coming*.

For Works for Howth Har-1 , 0

hour - - .] For 1816.

For constructing Fountains in the Liberties of Dublin^ and for supplying the Poor with Water.

For additional Allowance to Chairman of the Board of Inland Navigation.

For building Churches and1 Glebe Houses and purchasing Glebes ..

For the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manu-factures, to be by them ap-Z 2 3.

710

C. 142.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.U1S.

£.19, 000 o

53»"° S 50, 000 o

504 o

769 o

1, 500 o XXX. 41, 539 o 3*>725 o 41, 210 o

28, 281 o 8, 932 o

3>°94 0 3*37 0

9, 010 o 3*11 o 777 6

For One Yard

ingjth/n. 1817

plied as shall appear to them to be moll conducive to promote the said Manufactures -For making wide and convenient Streets in DMnt 14, 336/. 12/. 2d. Part of the said 19, 000/. to be applied in Payment of Balance of Awards remaining unpaid, for Premises on the North Side of Lowr Abbey Street, between Sack-ville Street and Beruford Place - -j, .

For completing the Royal Canal from Cmty to TormunburVf under Dircdiw of Daw General of Inland Navigation. ., For building, repairing and enlarging of Qa» and Chapels, the building of GW* Hoafa procuring Glebes as Trustees shall think fe. For Hospital of Incurables') For One Yores* at Dublin - -1 ingftli/a-W;

For the Annual Expenditure of the Idbf Academy for 1816., and repairing the of the said Academy.

7 f For the Y«^For the Belfajl Academical!

Inflitution - -I

For the Protestant Charter Schools -For the Foundling Hospital,

Dublin

For House of Industry, Hof-pitals and Asylums for industrious Children in Dublin

For the Richmond Lunatic Asylum -For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers' Children in Dublin - -

For the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin For the Female Orphan House in the Circular Road near Dublin -

For the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin -

For the Lying-in Hospital in Dublin

For completing the Works of the Commissionera for building Sir Patrick Dun'a Hospital at Dublin - -

mescog^* 1816.

>.1816;

56? GEO. III.

0.14*2.

711

{XXI-

XXII.

MIL

CXIV.

XXV.

j£. 1, 590 o o For probable Expenditure of Dr. Stevens's Hospital -

5.000 o o For House of Recovery and

Fever Hospital in Cork Streets Dublin, calculated to meet the Expence for maintaining and relieving 4, 000 Patients, for 1816. 9, 673 o o For Roman Catholic Seminary

6.000 o o For enabling Society for pro-

moting the Education of the Poor of Ireland to provide and distribute proper Books at reduced Prices, and to introduce an improved Method of I nftruction in the different Parts of Ireland

8, 410 o o For Association incorporated for discountenancingVice, and promoting the knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion 500 o o For the Commissioners of charitable Donations and Bequests ... 113 00 For the Green Coat Hospital of Cork -10, 000 o o For the probable Expences of the Dublin Society - -

4, 918 o o For the probable Expences of the Farming Society -2, 500 o o For the Cork Inttitution Supplies to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid' Rules for Application of Half Pay Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles

-..... - Chaplains of Regiments, although in

poffeifion of Ecclesiastical Benefices -Application of Overplus of Sum under 55 G. 3. c, 187. - ..

For One Year ending 5th Jan. 1817.

ASU155G.3. r.187. # 3' — 35*

Zz 4

712

C.i — iv.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.IIU.

5 G. 3. c. Un. 31 G. 3. C.CJU.

340*3. c.cxitu

12 G. 3. c. 26. 34 G. 3.c.cixvij.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N. B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts u trtjty rary will be known (where it is not exprtfiljpd] J referring to the following Lift, according to tkcnmjfm ing Letter at the End of the Title.

(a) For 21 Tearsy fcfr. [i. e. to the End of the next tdn

from a Day named in the A3.

(b) For 21 Tears, ttc. from the faffing of the Act.

(f} For 21 Tears, &c. after the End of the Tern udtrjtnn A3s.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of wind it cm a Clause in the Form following :

" And be it further enacted, That this Act Mkted " and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be jufatyafo " Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and otkn, eiki* being specially pleaded."

Cap. i.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of TwoA&ofHj present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chafdontkhsh in the County of Oxford> to Bourton on the Hilh «the Canty u Gloucester. [2 zd Merck 1816.

Cap. ii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of in Ad of B present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Saint Math ford Baron to Kettering9 and from Oundle to MiddIetnU\ in the County of Northampton..[aid Merck 181S.'

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted, ]

Cap. iii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Adirfft present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road fraeur-ter's Bridge^ in the Parish of Chatteris, within the IJk of ft , a the County of Cambridge, to the Forty Feet Bridge, inueW of Ramsey9 in the County of Huntingdon. [aid March llik]

Cap. iv.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty first Year of His prd^ Majesty, for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between

Cott^l

56° GEO. III.

C. xiv. — xx.

725

Cap. xiv*

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Prest on Can-dover to Bqfing»toke9 and from thence to Alton, in the County of Southampton [nth April 1816.]

[Former Tollt to cease, and new Tolls granted.']

Cap. XV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Nantwieh, to Wheelock Wharfs in the Township of Samdkach, in the County Palatine of Chester. [11th April 1816.] [Additional Tollt on Sunday.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the High Street in the Town of Stouroridge, in the County of Wor» teller, to the Boundary Stone between the Parish of Worfield and the Liberties of the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop. [nth April 1816.]

Cap. xviL

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport9 in the County of Chester* to the End of Guide Lane % in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned in the said Counties, and in the County of York / and for making a new Road from the said Road in Bredbury, to the Bridge over the River Mer/ey at jPortwood, near the Town of Stockportv (4)

[11th April 1816*] [One Toll and One half Toll on Sundays9 except for Milk.]

Cap. xviiw

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Twenty Mile Stone, on Egham Hill, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Bafingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windltsham % in the same County, (a) [11th April 1816.]

[Theft Fear A fit are previeafty repeated tty

Cap. xix.

An Act for erecting a new Gaol and Court House in the Burgh of Ayr, in the Shire of Ayr. [30th April 1816.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for the Incorporation of The Highland Society of London $ for the better Management of the Funds of the Society; and for rendering its Exertions more extensive and beneficial to the Public.

[aid May 1816.]

WHEREAS in the Year One thousand seven hundred and

seventy eight, many Noblemen and Gentlemen connected

with the Highlands and Islands of Scotland, with the View of

efUbli/hing and sup porting Schools in the Highlands, and in the

3 A S 1 Northern

35O.3.

C. CXXXTttt.

44 0.3. gjuuv. repealed.

X O. % . Stat % . c.6.

i % G.a. c. 16.

3 G.3.C47 3 xG. 3. cerate, repealed.

49 G. 3. c.lviii.1

7*6

66* GEO.IIT.

JLD.181*

Northern Parts of Great Britain; for relieving distressed High-€ landers at a Distance from tkeir Native Homes; for prefernig

the Antiquities; and lefeuing from Oblivion the valuable Reftnahp

of Celtic Literature, and for promoting the Improvement ad

general Welfare of the Northern Parts of Great Britain, fonpri 4 themselves into a Society, called The Highland Society mf London: 4 And Whereas the said Society has raised a considerable Sum of 4 Money by Subscription, and has applied the same agreeably to the 4 Plan of their Inflitution, and by f^ch Subscription have acquired 4 Sufficient Funds to carry into Effect the.Purposes aforesaid: Acd 4 Whereas those PurpoSes cannot be fully effected, nor the Funds be 4 properly Secured and applied, without the Authority of Parfement : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, a&d

Corporation in- say the Authority of the same. That His Royal Highness Frederick

Uituted for the £>uke Of jramj Albany, His Royal Highness Edward Duke c:

Kent and Stratheam, His Royal Highness Augufius Frederick Dab of Sussex and Earl of Inverness, Archibald Duke of Hamilton and jSrandon, Charier William Duke of Buccleugh and Queen&errj, Alexander Duke of Gordon George William Duke of Argyll*Jcba Duke of At holly James Duke of Montrofey George Marqui' cf Twee daley George Marquis of Stafford, John Marquis of Butt, Alexander Lord Dutton commonly called Marquis of Douglas and Clyde/dale; George Lord Gordon commonly called Marquis <* Huntly; Hugh Earl of Eglintoun, Archibald Earl of CaffUlis, Fraeu 'Earl of Moray, John Earl of Strathmore, Thomas Earl of Thomas Earl of Kinnoull, George Earl of Dalhoufie, Thomas Earl of Selkirk, William Earl of Northejk, Alexander Earl of Ba/carras, George Earl of Ahoyne, John Earl of Breadcdhane, George Earl of Aberdeen, George Earl of Dunmore, George Earl of Glasgow, Charles Earl of Harrington, William Earl of Mansfield, James Earl of Fife, Francis Earl of Moira, James Earl of Rofslyn, William Earl Caik-cart, the Right Honourable Archibald Hamilton commonly called Cord Archibald Hamilton; the Right Honourable John Dongle: Edward Henry Campbell commonly called Lord John Douglas Edward Henry Campbell; the Right Honourable Frederick Campbell commonly called Lord Frederick 'Campbell; the Right Honourable James Murray commonly called Lord James Murrey; the Right Honourable George William Coventry commonly called Viscount Deerhurfi; the Right Honourable Thomas Cochrane commonly called Lord Cochrane; the Right Honourable John Campbell commonly called Viscount Glenorcby; James Ochonear Lord Forbes, Alexander George Lord Saltoun, Robert Walter Lord Blantyre, Eric Lord Reay, Alexander Lord Elibank, Charles Lord Ktnnaird, Thomas Lord Dundas, John Lord Cawdor, Alexander Lord Macdonald, the Honourable William Maule of Panmure, the Honourable Alexander Duff, the Honourable Peter Robert Drummond Burred, the Right Honourable Sir William Grant Knight, Master of the Rolls; the Right Honourable Sir John Sinclair of Ulbfier, Baronet; the Right Honourable Sir Archibald Macdonald of Eafi Sheen, Baronet; the Right Honourable Sir Charles Stuart, Knight; the Sight Honourably Sir William Drummed of ^ogiealm&d, Knight;

56° GEO. Ilfc

the Right Honourable William Dundau, the Right Honourable Wilr Horn Adam, William Macleod Bannatynt Esquire, one of the Senators of the College of Justice; the Honourable Hugh Arbuthnot, the Honourable Warwick Lake, the Honourable William Frqfer» Major General the Honourable Godfrey Bofville9 the Honourable Archibald Macdonald, the Honourable Dudley Macdonald9 Lieutenant General the Honourable Sir John Abercrombie, Knight Sir James Cockbum of Langton, Baronet) Sir Munroof FouHsf Baronet; Sir Gordon Sinclair of Stevenfton and Murklef Baronet; Sir

Neil Menzies of that Ilk9 Baronet; Sir William Cunningham of Capringtonf Baronet; Sir Alexander Grant of Dalvey, Baronet; Sir John Sinclair of Dunheath, Baronet; Sir James Myles Ryddell of Ardnamurchan and Sunart9 Baronet; Sir John Maepherfon of Renys Baronet; Sir John Murray Mac Gregor of Lanrick9 Baronet; Sir Walter Farqubar of Gilmerfcroft9 Baronet $ Sir Alexander Mac* donald Lockhart of Lee and Camwatb, Baronet; Sir William Fraser of Leadclune9 Baronet; Sir JEneas Mackintojh of that Ilk9 Baronet; Lieutenant General Sir Thomas Hijlop of Totbilli Baronet; Sir Ewen Cameron of Fafsfem9 Baronet; General Sir George Beck* with9 Knight; Major General Sir Alan Cameron of Erracbt* Knight; Major General Sir William Inglis9 Knight; Major General Sir Denis Pack9 Knight; Major General Sir Colquboun Grants Knight; Colonel Sir John Maclean9 Knight; Colonel Sir Neil Campbell of Duntroon % Knight; Colonel Sir Colin Campbells Knight; Sir Alexander Mackenzie of Avoch9 Knight; Sir William Paxtons Knight; the Honourable Sir Thomas Strange of Madras % Knight; Lieutenant Colonel Sir George Elder, Knight; Sir John Downu9 Knight; Andrew Adair Younger of Balhails Esquire; Major Agnew, ' Madras Army; Grant Allan of Gower Street9 in the County of Middlesex9 Esquire; Grant Allan the Younger of Gower Streets in the County of Middlesex9 Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel William Charles Alfion9 William Anderson of Ruffe I Square9 in the County of Middlesexj Esquire; Gcorre Arbuthnot of Madras9 Esquire; Nathaniel Atchefon of Chapel Plaee9 Duke Streets Westminster9 Esquire; General James Balfour9 James Balfour of Blunian9 Esquire; Captain Balmain9 Madras Army; JEneas Barkly of Lime Street Square9 in the City of London % Esquire; Thomas Bells Esquire^ one of the Sheriffs of the City of London; John Hepburn Belfchet of Invermay9 Esquire; John Binny of Madras9 Esquire; John Binny of Madras9 Esquire, Junior; Phineas Bond of Baker Streets in the County of Middlesex9 Esquire; William Douglas Brodie of Madrass Esquire; Alexander Brodie of ArnhaU9 Esquire; Isaac Hawkins Browne of South Audley Streets in the County of Middlesex* Esquire; Lieutenant General Archibald Browne9 John Brown of John Streets Adelphty in the County of Middlesex9 Esquire; John Brown of Upper Grovefnor Streets in the County of Middlfcse* Esquire; Patrick Crauford Bruce of Glenelgs Esquire: P. Bruce of Madrass Esquire; Captain Thomas Buchanans Eqfl India Service; John Burnett of Countefwells9 Esquire; Adam Cameron of Surinam* Esquire; Donald Cameron of Lochiels Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel Duncan John Comeron9 Tunbridge; Lieutenant John Camerons Madras Army; Captain John Cameron9 East India Service; Peter Cameton Younger of Fafsfern9 Esquire; Major General William Neville Camerons General Alexander Campbell of Minnies Alenr

3' A 4 a nder

C.xi.

56° GEO. III.

Aid

ing required to carry Questiou replied.

Future General and Special General Assemblies.

Provision re-foeding Proxies for move than Five Shares repealed.

Proxies may be given for Five Votes.

Committee' cle&ed in the Room of thoTe going out of Office by Rotation to be in Office Three Yean.

Acts of Directors defied by Committee valid.

any Rated General Assembly s And Whereas the Cud Prods c have been found inconvenient ; Be it therefore ended, Thai said Provisiona shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the paS of this Act, any General or Special General Assembly of the C Company which shall have been convened in manner directed by t said first recited Act, shall be competent to proceed to the Did lion and Determination of any Question, Matter or thing vii shall be duly brought forward, without Reference to the M of Shares possessed by the Members present, either as Priodp4a Proxies, any thing in the said first recited Act to the cootnrytkm in any wise notwithstanding; and that every Questjoo, Mata i thing which shall be proposed, difeuffed or tonfidered at fad 0 neral or Special General Assembly of the said Company, ikJ I determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then prdbc, cob puting the Votes in the Proportions as to the Number of fort directed by the said first recital Act.

VIII. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act odd

that no Person shall give of deliver in Proxies for more thaFm

Shares: And Whereas the said Provision has been U aas

venientBe it therefore enacted. That the said Provision dull be and the same is hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That at all future (W* Special General Assemblies of the said Company, anyftoptk* uj give in Proxies for Five. Votes and no more.

X. Aijd be it further enacted, That whenever ay tftbe fad Committee or Court of Direction shall go out of Office adeito be upon the Committee or Court of Direction of thefadCospm, the Persons who shall from time to time be elected in their Room«Stead shall continue in Office for the full Term of Three Years, (a* cept in case of Death, or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be quahfid m manner by the said first recited Act directed, or being itsaed tr displaced by the said Company at any General Assembly ordeal General Assembly convened for that Purpose, ) and no longer; vs thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary thereof iaioyn notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the AftsaodPraedif of the Person or Persons appointed by the Committee or Cost a Direction, by virtue of the said first recited Act, to be i Mate* the said Committee or Court of Direction in the Room or torii any Member or Members of the said Committee of Court of k rection, who shall die or refuse to act in the Execution of th fid recited Acts and this Act, or who shall cease to be ombfiedams* ner by the said first redted Act directed, or shall hold ayfa Office, Employment or Contract under the said Company, V*and be deemed to have been valid and effectual to all Irt* d Purposes, notwithstanding the Election of such Person or^shall not be confirmed by the said Company of Proprietors next General or Special General Assembly after Inch Eleffins by the said Committee or Court of Direction.

XII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Validity^ ( Election of certain Members of the Committee or Court of D* 4 rection* and of certain Proceedings of the find Company*Committee or Court of Direction, in consequence or tbcG*^

56° GEO. III.

Cxi.

718

the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, together with the Accumulations thereof will be sufficient to finish and complete the said Bridge, then the said Trusteet, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to transfer the same to the said Company, or as they shall direct, any thing in the said fird recited Act to the contrary thereof in anywise not with funding; and the said Sum when so transferred by virtue of this Act, or a competent Part thereof, shall be forthwith applied in fkishing and completing the said intended Bridge, and no Part thereof fhafi be hud out or expended in the Streets and other Works authorized by the said recited A ft8 and this Act, or in the Purchase of Houses, Lands or Hereditaments for that Purpose, or otherwise howsoever, until and unless the said intended Bridge, and every Part thereof, shall be fully completed and fmilhed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That lb much of the said first recited Act as requires the said Company to construd convenient Stone Stairs and Plying Places on each Side of each End of the said Bridge for the Use of the Watermen and Wherry men rowing on the River Thames, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, and they are hereby required to construd at each End of the said Bridge, One convenient Plying Place or Flight of Stone Stairs, of not less than Sixteen Feet in Width, for the Use of the said Watermen and Wherry men; but nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the said Company from constructing such Stone Stairs or Plying Places on each Side of each End of the said Bridge, if they shall deem it proper and advisable so to do.

XXII. And Whereas the Width of the Access to the said Bridge on the North Side thereof, from Thames Street in the City

of London, is not specified and directed in the said first recited Act,

and it is expedient that the same should be made broad and conve* 4 nient Be it therefore enacted, That the said Company of Propri. etors shall and they are hereby required, within the Period limited for the Completion of the said Bridge, Streets and Works by the said first recited Act, to make and construd the said Access of the full Width of Sixty (ix Feet for the Length of One hundred and forty Feet, to be roeafured from the North Abutment of the said Bridge, and of the full Width of Fifty three Feet from the End of such One hundred and forty Feet to Thames Street aforesaid.

XXIII. And Whereas it is by the said firffc recited Act enacted, that Satisfaction should be made for the Value of Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houles, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by the making and 4 completing the Works therein directed and authorized to be made, either in gross Sums or by annual Rents, (except in cades of 4 Spiritual persons, to whom Compensation for Glebe and Tythes 4 should be made in manner therein directed, ) as should be agreed 4 upon between the said Company of Proprietors and the Parties 4 interested: And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the (hid 4 first recifed Ad as authorizes the Payment of such Recompeace 4 or Satisfaction by annual* Rents should be repealed Be it therefore enacted. That so much of the said foil recited Act as authorizes any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiafticad or Civil, and Tenant and Tenants for Life, and Tenant and Tenants

in

Clause a* to Two Plying Places at each End of Bridge repealed.

Company required to con-ftruft One Plying Place at each End of Bridge.

Width of Street.

Repealing Provision for making Satis&dion for Damages, &c. by annual Rents.

Cxi.

£6* GEO. III.

mn

Directing further Proceeding In Adioos for CaUi.

Prorifionre-- fpodting invtft-

ing 30*000!. repealed.

As to the Return of the Sum of ^OfOooL

such only at shall be expressly directed to be done aadeuentrit General or Special General Assembly of the bad Company.

XVII. And be k farther enacted. That in aHA&iouta! brought or commenced by the said Company aninft any Prior Persont for any Call or Call* heretofore, or which shall be tad made upon the Shares in the said Undertaking, the Prodo&w the Register Book directed to be kept by the said first noted A shall be Evidence upon the Trial that the Defendant or Defect* in such Action was or were the Owner or Otraert, Propnttr ( Proprietor! of such and so many Share or Shares as in the fin Register Book shall be expressed, and on such Trial it Qnfi at \ necessary to prove the Appointment of the Committee or Co art ( Direction who made such Call or Calls, or any other Mate «h soever than ia required by the said first recited Act to be prod and that in all such Adiona, if a Verdict shall be fend fer tbefin Company, the said Company shall be also entitled to recover tkfe of Twenty Shillings for every Share held by such DefendahrA fondants for and in respect of each and every Call for vbidbfed Verdict shall be found, over and above the Amount of the fcdC& at and for the Forfeiture for the Non Payment of the fend Cilh an tioned and imposed in and by the said first recited Act.

XVIII. And Whereat it it by the bud first recited Act ended

that before any Lands, Houses, Tenements, WharhorHemb-

meats shall be ourchafed or taken by virtue of tbeltaiofthr

bud Ad, and before the said Bridge, Streets or Ato top

should be began to be erected, widened or made, fottCapT 4 should invest in the Three Pounds per Cenhm Co^oWln 4 Annuities, in the Names of certain Trustees, the SandTWn 4 thousand Pounds, for the Purposea therein mrabowd:

Whereas the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds has taxi 4 vested according to the Directions of the said Aftj And WW 4 it is by the said Act further enacted, that when it should appmftj 4 the bud Trustees that the said Bridge and Streets, and the Vto 4 connected therewith, should be so far erected and made, tkib 4 said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, and the Accnnakw 4 thereof, would be fnfficient to finish the said Brito Stmts a 4 Works, then the said Trustees should transfer the same to tiea 4 Company to be applied for that Purpose: And Whems tbefin

Provision may prove highly inconvenient to the said Compey; Be it therefore enacted. That so much of the bud Act tsM^ when and as soon as it should appear to the Satisfaction of A Trustees for the time being, or the Majority of them, tk tkal Bridge and Streets, and the Works connected therewith, Mlb so for erected, built and made, that the bud Sum of Money b vested in the Three Pounds per Cenhm Consolidated Bui A to as thereinbefore directed, together with the Accumuhtiou, sd be sufficient to finish and complete the bud Bridge, Stated Works, then the foid Trustees mould, and they were thereby ask rized and required to transfer the same to the fod Company at fa prietors, or as they should direct to be applied for that Pnrpofc be and the some is hereby repealed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That when sad at fall appear to the Trustees in the foid first recited Act meto or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Majority of then, 5

A.D. 1SI&

56 GEO. III.

C.xx.

Younger of Barra, Esquire, Captain Twenty third Dragoons; Duncan Macpb erf on of Chsny, Esquire; James Maepherfon of Belleville, Esquire; Major General Lachlan Macquarrie, Governor of New South Wales; Malcolm Mac queen of Ridgemont, in the County of Bedford, Esquire; Thomas Potter Mac queen. Younger of Ridge-mont, Esquire; Alexander Macrae, Esquire, of Clarendon, Jamaica f Alexander Macrae, Esquire, of Demerara; Major Colin Macrae, late? of the Seventy fifth Regiment; Colin Macrae, Esquire of Demerara; Colin Macrae of Furnivats Inn, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; John Macrae, Esquire, Bengal; Kenneth Murchifon Macrae of that Ilk, Esquire? William Mactaggart, Esquire, Madras; Colonel Alexander Mair, Deputy Governor Fort Saint George; Neil Malcolm of Poltalloch, Esquire; Marmaduhe William Constable Max-well of Nithfdale, Esquire; David Milligan of Wimfole Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Robert Milligan of Wimpole Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Alexander Milne of Whitehall Place, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; William Mitchell of Harley Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; General James Montgomerie; Major Alexander Morrison, Gunners-bury House, Brentford; John morrison of Auebintoul, Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel William Morrison, Madras Army; Robert Muir of Milden Hall, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire 5 Lieutenant Donald Munro, Eighty sixth Regiment; George Gun Munro of Grenada, Esquire ; . Hugh Munro ofTanntnich, Esquire; Lieutenant Colouel Robert Munro of Livingstone, Colonel Thomas Munro, Madras Army; Walter Kofs Munro of Seymour Place, Esquire 5 William Munro of Thames Street, in the City of London, Esquire; Colonel Murray, Madras Army; Colonel Alexander Mac Gregor Murray, Evan John Mac Gregor Murray of Glencaimaig, Esquire; Honourable L. G. H. Murray, Madras; Colonel Robert Mac Gregor Murray, William Murray, Esquire, Barbadoes; Colonel Ogg, Madras Army; James Ogilvie, Esquire; John Ogilvie, Esquire, Canada; John Hugh D. Ogilvie, Esquire, Madras; Captain Patullo, Madras Army; Lieutenant Archibald Paxton, Eleventh Dragoons; Major Prendergajl, Madras Army; Charles Rait of Fcnchurch Street, Esquire; Andrew Reid of Russell Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Lieutenant Riddell, Madras Army; Andrew Robertson, of Gerrard Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Colin Robertson of Russell Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Divie Robertson of Bedford Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire 5 Lieutenant Colonel Donald Robert* son, Ebenezer Robertson of Lincoln's Inn Fields, Esquire; Francis Robertson of Lincoln's Inn Fields, Esquire; Colonel W. Philip Col-year Robertson, Captain John Rojfe, East India Service; Alexander Ross of Cromarty, Esquire; Gilbert Saltoun, Esquire, Bermuda; Andrew Scott, Esquire, Madras; Captain Hugh Scott, Madras Army; Captain John Scott, Madras Army; Angus Shaw, Esquire,

Suebec; Gcddet Mackenzie Simfon of Tower Street, in the County of fiddlesex, Esquire; Alexander Sinclair, Esquire, Madras; Captain Alexander Skene, Royal Navy; Andrew Smith Skene, Esquire; William Smith, Esquire; John Spottifwoode of that Ilk, Esquire; Alexander Stewart of Bonfkeid, Esquire; Alexander Stewart, Esquire, Madras; Major Alexander Stewart, Colonel David Stewart, Garth; Robert Stewart, Esquire, Haddington; Robert Stewart, Esquire,

C.xL

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1SII

Three Diradon may give Re* ceipts for Pur-fhafe Money of Lands refold.

Power to lease Tolls for not more than Three Years.

Repeal ef CUuft far Tolls to be -id once a Dav,

in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years deteraiwble a a Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, Eipel ancy or otherwise, and all Feoffees in Trtift, Executon, Admrdi tors. Femes Covert, Hu/bands, Guardians, Committees, T rda and all and every other Person or Persons, who shall be fried, pi fefTed of or interfiled in any Lands, Grounds, Buildings, Hoaf Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, through, in or spoo vta the said Bridge and the Streets and Avenues thereto, and Works, are thereby authorized to be built, made and cooftnHl accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Goal Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, all the Damages to be sustained by the making and coopletisgi Works thereby authorized to be made, by annual Rents n oal thereby directed, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cafawbaftti Company shall sell and dispose of any Lands, Grounds, Eredn Buildings, Houses, Wharfs, Tenements or Hereditaments, Mhi not be wanted for the Purposes of the said recited AdsandthiAfi it shall be lawful for any Three of the said Committee orConU Direction to iign and give Receipts for the Money for winch tkhl shall be sold; and such Receipts shall have the like Force ad Ul as if the same had been signed by the Treasurer or Tiafaenfari time being to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of deli first recited Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Cospfy* their Committee or Court of Direction, shall have Ifltonal Authority, after giving Fourteen Days' Notice in Vfah&ak affixed on all the Turnpike Gates which shall then be otfitriky virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, sad vtatibg ft same Twice in some Newspaper, published or ctrcnkd in theft of London, from time to time, to lease and demise the ToQs ptf by the said first recited Act and this Act, or any Pvt vM thereof, for any Term or Terms of Yean not exceeding TbtcM at any one time, for the bed Price that can be gotten for the fa payable at such times and tinder such Covenants as they tk I Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, flail tinkl they the said Company having a Counterpart of sech Lok l Leases, Demise or Demises, and taking such other fuffidest Seed from the Person or Persons to whom any such Tolls shall be km or demised, for Payment of the Rents and Performance of the Oi venaets to be referred and comprised in such Lease or Lesfes, ft mise or Demises, as the said Company, or their Committee or CmI of Direction, shall think fit.

XXVI. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act enfid

that no Person having Occasion to pass through any Tnnpk* 4 Toil Bar, where Toll should be taken by virtue of the

< with any Coach or other Carriage, Horse or other Cattle,

should return the same Day through the same Turnpike <* M

Bar, with the same Coach or other Carriage, Horse or other (A 4 for which such Toll shall have been paid, be liable to pijflft 4 her or .their Return the said Toll at such Turnpike or Toil ft: 4 And Whereas it is expedient that the said Prorifioa Ihouldk* 4 pealed Be it therefore enacted. That the find Pronto ft* and the same is hereby repealed.

XXVII.

56° GEO. III.

C.xx.

7^

that Simon Mac Gillivray* Divie Robertson* and Jama Hamilton*

Esquires, shall be, and they are hereby appointed the Treasurert of the said Corporation; and that Simon Mac GilYtvray, and James Hamilton* Esquires, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Secretaries of the same; and that Grant Allan, Alexander Grant, and Colin Robertson, Esquires, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Auditors of the same; and that Colin Macrae, Esquire, shall be, and he is hereby appointed the Deputy Secretary of the same; and that the Reverend William Mackenzie and Roderick Macleod* Doctor of Divinity, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Chaplains of the same; and that the said several Officers shall continue in their respective Offices until the Twenty fird Day of March, which shall be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and that the Who may com-faid President, or in his Absence One or more of the Vice Preiidents, pose a General or of the Treasurers, with any Twelve or more of the Members of Court, the said Corporation; or in the Absence of the President, all the Vice Preiidents and Treasurers, any Fifteen or more of the Members of the said Corporation, shall compose a General Court; and that General the First General Court shall be holden on the Third Saturday in May* Court, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, at such House or Place as the said Corporation shall then occupy or use for carrying on the Business of the same, and shall then, and from time to time, be adjourned to such House or Place as, for the time being, shall be so occupied or used, or to such other Place as they shall deem expedient, (due Notice being given thereof as hereinafter mentioned, ) at such time or times as the said Court shall think necessary, for the due Execution of this Act; and that a General Court of the said General Court*. Corporation shall be holden Four times at lead in every Year, that is to say, on the Third Saturday in the Month of February, the Twenty fird Day of March, the Third Saturday in the Month of April* and the Third Saturday in the Month of May; and, in case the said Twenty fird Day of March should happen to fall on a Sunday or Good Friday, then, and in that case, the said General Court shall be holden on the Twenty second, the Day immediately following; and Notice of each such General Courts mall be given in Two of the Public Newspapers, Ten Days at lead before the holding of every such Court; and whenever Occasion shall require, a Special General Special General Court shall be holden by Order of the Committee Courts, of Directors, or the major Part of them assembled at any of their Meetings, or upon the Requisition of any Nine of the Members, signified in Writing to any One of the Secretaries for the time being, and subscribed by such Members, upon the like Notice thereof being given Ten Days at lead before the holding of the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Persons desirous of be- Members to ba coming Members of the said Society, shall be proposed at one of the proposed at Ge-General or Special General Meetings of the same, or at any Meeting J*fral or Specwl of the Committee of Directors, and at no other time, by Two Mem- Gener41 Court*; bers of the said Society, who shall insert in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, the Name and Place of Abode of such Person, together with their own Name; and that each of the Persons so proposed,

shall be severally put in Nomination at the next enfiling General or Special General Court; and that the Members then present, shall and to b« elected proceed to a Bailot, and such Persons shall be delared to be duly by Ballot. clected as shall appear to be approved of by Three Parts in Four of

tho

c.jd.

5B° GEO. lit

JLD.HU

728

Compenfatiaa to the Commissioners of the Clink Pare, meets confirmed.

distraining to retain the same, or the Money arising by thebd thereof, Tas the case may happen, ! until the Amount of fochld and the Charges of making such Distress, and of keeping and the same, (haul be ascertained by Come Justice of the Peace of J County, Town or Place wherein such Dispute shall happen, d upon Application to him made for that Purpose, shall examine I matter upon the Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Wind f which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to adzninider, } a mall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, anditMbeiai for such Justice to aflefa and award such Coib to be paid bjdh of the Parties to the other as he shall think fit and reasonabk; nil case of Non Payment thereof on Demand, such Coih shall be bd by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Partjhdl to pay the same by Warrant under the Hand of such Mice, j 4

XXXI. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act radd 4 that the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Coi

of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for theme lew 4 should pay or cause to be paid to the Commissioixn appoEtedfi 4 carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Twenty fcrth Te« 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cksnfiag, sghdM

and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Mwis 4 Places within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called ft ffl 4 or Bishop of IPincbeftePs Liberty in the Parish of Sat fasq 4 Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and for other tfrP&psfil 4 therein mentioned, such annual Sum and Sums of Jfirrnar

expressed in and by the said first hereinbefore read Ad,» 4 Equivalent for the Loss the said Commissioners migkfatyk, Non Payment of the Rates or AfTefftnents in thelaidkinctd 4 A St mentioned: And Whereas since the passing of the id id 4 recited Act, the said Act of the Twenty sixth Yeir of HajwU 4 Majesty's Reign has been repealed, and another Act was pz^di i lieu and stead thereof, in the Fifty second Year of the

intituled An Act for better paving, cleaning, lighting taiszS* 4 the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Plata «&*9Manor of Southwark, other wise called The Clink, er I

Winchester'x Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Sootinv 4 in the County of Surrey Be it therefore enacted, TkiUk and Sums of Money diieded by the said farft recited Act to be pi to the said Commissioners for carrying the said Act into Execfflai the Twenty sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, shall bepuil payable to the Commissioners appointed to cany into Execttwi said Act of the Fifty second Year of the said Reign, or totbrCdh le&or or Receiver, or Collectors or Receivers ddy appointed and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, as an Equinkotsl in lieu of such Rates or Afieffinents, in like manner to ft !» and Purposes as the same are payable to the said first scari Commissioners; and that the said Commissioners for ama$ tk said Act of the Fifty second Year of the said Reign into and their Collector or Receiver, Collectors or Recovers, hi tfl the same Powers and Authorities for demanding, recovasg I receiving the said Sum and Sums of Moneyas are veiled in the I first mentioned Commissioners in and by the saud first rerited A&d Parliament*

XHIlIk

A.D. 1619,

- «e°GEa hi.

Gx*.

133

Use and Application thereof; and to make; ordain and eonftitute such and (o many Bye Laws, Constitutions and Ordinances, as to them, or the greater Number of them then and there presect, shall seem necessary and convenient, touching or in anywise concerning the Affairs and Business, and the better governing, regulating, ordering and managing of the said hereby erected Corporation, and of the Officers, Servants and Perfous employed in and about the Affairs thereof; and for auditing the Accounts of the said Corporation; and the lame Bye Laws, Constitutions and Ordinances so made, to put in use and enforce accordingly, and at their Will and Pleafttre to reyoke, change and alter the same or any Part of them; which said Bye Laws, Constitutions and Ordinances which shall be so made as aforesaid, shall be duly kept and observed, provided that the same be reasonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Cuiloms or Laws of the United Kingdom, or to any thing in this Act contained.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That no such Bye Law, Rule, or Or- No Bye Law

dinance shall be binding, or have any Force or Effect, until the fame unlefa

shall have been agreed to and confirmed by the next succeeding confirmed by* General Court, whether Quarterly or Extraordinary, and that the encra ourt* Same Method shall be observed in altering or repealing any such Bye

Laws, Rules, Orders or Ordinances.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Perfom in whose all and eveiy Person and Persons in whose Name or Names any Sum Nanfies

or Stuns of Money, Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Mortgages, Secu- ^twntfer and* rities for Money or other Effects whatsoever, shall at the time of assign the same passing this Act Hand, or be secured, the beneficial Interest wherein to the Corpor-tefpeSively shall belong to the said Society hereby incorporated, shall at, oa» forthwith, after the passing of this Act, transfer and assign the same respectively, so and in such manner as that the same shall be veiled in the hereby erected Corporation, by the Name, Style and Title hereinbefore mentioned and enacted.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Power to Trea-it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Treasurers for the time forer*, with Con. being of the said hereby erected Corporation, and they are hereby fenl of .Conlmlt* authorized and required from time to time, by and with the Consent j^in^he and Approbation of the Committee of Directors thereof for the time Fundi, being, or the major Part of such Committee present at any of their Meetings, to lay out and invest all or any such Sum or Sums of

Money as have or hath been, or shall hereafter be given, devised or bequeathed by any charitable or well disposed Person or Persons, to and for the said Ends, Intents and Purposes in this Act mentioned, or any Part thereof, other than and except such and so much thereof, as the Exigencies of the said Corporation shall call for the immediate Application or Expenditure of, in any of the Public Funds, in the Name of the said hereby erected Corporation.

IX. And it is hereby enacted and declared. That the Dividends, Dividends to be Interest and Annual Proceeds, which shall from time to time arise applied for the from the Funds and Securities belonging, or which shall at any ^wpof«of this time belong to the said hereby erected Corporation, shall from time

to time be applied to and for the Ufts, Ends, Intents and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Questfons upon, the Pro* Questiom to be feedings of the said Corporation at any General Court or Committee decided. by Vote,

724

C.xiii.

WGEO.IIL

The Theatre to be kept open for alimited time.

Public Act.

LBlSli

4 of Surrey, at the last Michaelmas Quarter Session for tlx*Country muted their Licence to the then Tenants or Ocapij 4 wf the said Theatre, pursuant to the Directions of the ^id Act' < public Music and Dancing in the (kid Theatre for Ok Year; I 4 the said Tenants or Occupiers9 Interest in the said Tbeitir t 4 ptring cm the Twenty fifth Day of March, in the prefect Year Q 4 thouund eight hundred and sixteen, and the fnd Theatre A 4 coming into the PofieSon of the fiud Temple Wejt} the £nd Teai 4 or Occupiers cannot use the said Licence after that Day: Ai 4 Whereas the said Tenants or Occupier* have refused totruari 4 said Licence to the said Temple West, or to allow hzn to ded 4 same from the Cud Twenty fifth Day of March One thoafaoded 4 hundred and sixteen, till the next Michaelmas Quarter Sdbai 4 the said County of Surrey e And Whereat by the fed Ad 4 Licence under the same, for the Purposes therein maboed, a 4 be granted by the Justices of the Peace for the said Coast/

4 other time but at the Michaelmae Quarter Session*: AdWka 4 it will be attended with great Loss and Inconwenienoe bo de la 4 Temple West, if the said Theatre be not opened hr tk sfeq 4 Seaton, whereby his Property in the same will becone of ca 4 fiderable left Value, and much deteriorated; ' It n Mm os dient that the said Temple Wftfhouid be allowed tokeepopeetkai Theatre, for public Music and Dancing only^ for the twbmsBzfea mentioned $ bat, by reason of the Circdmftancet afarehii ud of da Restrictions contained in the said Act, the (ameaaotk&e without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Mzyt Mr please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it o&bv The Ring9* Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adns m Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commooi, act present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of tlx (a That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty3! Jafekai the Peace for the said County, at the next or any subseqratQusI Sessiona to be holden in and for the said County, or for any Twi His Majesty'a Justicea of the Peace for the said County, atbes or any liiblequent Petty Sessiona to be holden in and for the! County, or for the Liberty or Division in which the said Theme situate, at their Discretion to grant a Licence to the fad TttfJ to keep open the said Theatre, called The Royal Cimt or to Theatre, situate in the said Parish of Saint Getrn, SutM the said County of Surrey, for public Music and Daacmkii Day of the Date of such last mentioned Licence ad tlx a Michaelmas Quarter Sessiona of the Peace to be holden a act the said County of Surrey, in such and the fine Miner, a subject to the lame Rules, Regulations, Condition and Fedn as if the said Theatre were kept open for public Mac*Dancing under and by virtue of the dud Licence first Meta mentioned.

II. And he R further enacted, That this Act flwdl be taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taka Nooctol i such by all Judges, Justices and others, without bdsg fpd| pleaded*

A.D. 18I*.

56ft GEO. III.

Cxx,

737

the same, then and in each and every such case, such Justices shall Upon Conviction, commit the Party offending1, to the Common Gaol of the County of Middlesex, or the City of London, or of such' County as the said Society shall for the time being be situated in, there to remain without .Bail or Mainprize until he, (he or they, shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he, (he or they, shall have compounded and agreed with the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, and until he, (he or they, shall have paid such Composition Money, which Composition the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make and receive: Provided always, that no Officer or Person who shall be so committed for want of sufficient Distress, shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Bpace of time than Six Calendar Months.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Treasurers for the time being of the said Corporation, shall give in their Accounts from time to time, when required either by the Committee of Directors at any of their Meetings, or at a General Court, there to be examined and allowed or dif-allowed; and shall pay over all the Monies remaining in their Hands, and transfer all or any Funds which may at any time be (landing in* their Names as Treasurers as aforesaid, to the Treasurers immediately succeeding them, on Demand by such succeeding Treasurers, with the Authority of the Committee, or of the General Court at which succeeding Treasurers shall be elected or appointed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herfeif or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, City or Place within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise, next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen; the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days* Notice at lead, of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against; and forthwith after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Award and Order of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and Recognizance entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of fuen Appeal in a summary way, and to make such Determination therein, -and to award such Coda to either of the Parties or otherwise, as-they the said Justices shall Judge proper; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be binding, final and conclusive to* and upon all Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced, against any Person or Persons, for any' thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premifeg, pr any of them, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought' vrithin Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Suit or A.dk>n shall have arisen, in the County where the Cause of fuqh> 56 Geo. III. 3 B Action

Imprisonment.

Proviso si to Duration of Imprisonaaent.

Treasurers to account to the Committee, or at a General Court.

Appeal

Cofti.

Limitation of Actions.

C.xx«

6e° geo. irr.

its

mm

Northern Parts of Great Britain; for relieving diftrefW H landers at a Distance from their Native Homes $ for prefer

the Antiquities, and refeuing from Oblivion the vahuble Res

of Celtic Literature, and for promoting the Improvcm:

general Welfare of the Northern Parts of Great Bate*, for 4 themselves into a Society, called The Highland Society #/ Lm 4 And Whereas the said Society has raised a confidence Sii 4 Money by Subscription, and has applied the same agreeabh to

Plan of their Institution, and by fqch Subscription have aqcc

sufficient Funds to carry into Eneft the.Purposes afordai: A

Whereas those Purposes cannot be fully effested, nor the pL*is 4 properly secured and applied, without the Authority of Pd ment : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it out enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most ExceDeat Mid by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spki i Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a

Corporation in- by the Authority of the same. That His Royal Higbefe Fnltri llituttd for the X)uke of Tori and Albany, His Royal Highnefi jEdwrJDuei Purposet of t Kent and Straihearn, His Royal Highness Augujins Frcdemi Di)

of Suffix and Earl of Inyernefs, Archibald Duke of Hmixv jBrandon, Charles William Duke of Buccleugh ad fyunju*. Alexander Duke of Gordon, George William Duke of Jmv, Jd Duke of Atboll\ James Duke of Montrose, Gwyt c

Twee dale, George Marquis of Stafford, John liuqit of M Alexander Lord Dutton commonly called Marquis d&qkc.1. Clydtfdale; George Lord Gordon commonly cahed Mar^tii t! Hnntly; Hugh Earl of Eglintoun, Archibald Earl of Cefk, hx: > Earl of Moray, John Earl of Strathmore, Thoms LH oi bl Thomas Earl of Kinnoull, George Earl of jbalhonpe, Tima Id J Selkirk^ William Earl of Northefi, Alexander Earl of Mrr«J George Earl of Ahoyne, John Earl of BnadaUam, Gar6:

Aberdeen, George Earl of Dunmore, George Earl of Gb/po* Earl of Harrington, William Earl of Mansfield, Jams Earle: Francis Earl of Moira % James Earl of Ro/slyn, William EaC" cart, the Right Honourable Archibald Hamilton commo&ir Sr\ Lord Archibald Hamilton; the Right Honourable Jdt D^j Edward Henry Campbell commonly called Lord John Bsyi Edward Henry Campbell; the Right Honourable fr.\1 Qampbcll commonly called Lord Frederick*Campbell; tl*JLJ Honourable James Murray commonly called Lord Janus Mm j the Right Honourable George William Coventry commonly c-J Viscount Deerhurfi; the Right Honourable Thomas CodrmrA monly called Lord Cochrane; the Riglit Honourable Joh Uncommonly called Vif count Glenorcby; James Ochontar Lord Frc, Alexander George Lord Saltoun, Robert Walter Lord Blair< Lord Reay, Alexander Lord Elibank, Charles Lord jW"i] Thomas Lord Dundas, John Lord Cawdor, Alexander Los&Jj don aidy the Honourable William Maule of Panmurty the H<*^ Alexander Duff, the Honourable Peter Robert Drummond M the Right Honourable Sir William Grant Knight, Mailer of I Rolls; the Right Honourable Sir John Sinclair of Ulbjln, Bard the Right Honourable Sir Archibald Macdonald of isj A Baronet; the Right Honourable Sir Charles Siuarty Kaigktil Right Honourably Sir William Drumrrtqad of J^tedassyi) Wl

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

Cxxi,

7S»

laid, by preventing the Commission of Frauds in the Vend and 4 Delivery thereof; and it is apprehended that it would be of great

Benefit to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes in the County of

Middlesex9 lying upon, or adjoining to the North Side or Bank of

< the River Thames, between the Parish of Saint Luke Chelfeay and

the Mouth or Entrance of the River Colne near Staines; and also

< between Limehouse Hole and the Mouth or Entrance of the River

Lee or Bow Creek, near Blackwally and of the several Parishes in

the Counties of Middlesex and EJfexy lying upon, or adjoining to 1 the River Lee or Bow Creeky and to the various Branches and Streams thereof, on both Sides or Banks thereof, between the

River Thames and the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County of

Middlesex, if Provisions were made to prevent Frauds in the Ad-

measurement and Delivery of Coals fold within the same: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aisembled, and by the Authority

of the same, That from and immediately after the First of June next. Officers ip-there shall be provided or continued at or near to Hammersmith in pointed., the said County of Middlesex y One Public Office, which shall be deemed and taken to be the principal Land Coal Meter's Office for the several Parishes, Hamlets and Places, in the County of Middlesex, lying upon and adjoining to the North Side or Bank of the River Thames, between the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelfeay and the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Colne near Stainesg and also between Limehouse Holey and the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Lee or Bow Creek g and also for the several Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Effeie, lying upon or adjoining to the said River Lee or Bow Creek, and of every Stream or Branch thereof, on both Sides or Banks thereof respectively, situate between the said River Thames, and the said Parish of Edmonton g that is to say, the several Parishes, Hamlets and Places of Saint Luke, Fulham, Hammersmith,

Chifwicky Ealing y Brentfordy Han welly Isle worthy Twickenham,

Teadingtony Hampton, Sunbury, Shepperton, Lalehamy Staines, Saint Anne Limehouse, (except so much thereof as is situate between Tower Dock and Limehouse Holey) Poplar and Blackwally in the Parish of Stepney, Saint Leonard Bromley, Saint Mary Stratford Bow9 Saint John at Hackney, and Tottenham9 in the County of Middlesex, and All Saints % West Ham, and Leyton9 in the County of Essex; and there shall also be provided and continued Three subordinate Offices at the respective Places following; (that is to say), Onj at Stratford-le-bow9 in the County of Essex9 and One at Brentfordy and another at Stamford Hill in the said County of Middlesex g which said principal and subordinate Offices shall respectively be kept open every Day (Sundays9 Good Friday, Christmas Day, and Fast or Thankigiving Days by Proclamation only excepted) from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, yearly, from the Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening; and from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of Marchy yearly, from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour of Six in the Evening; and if any Principal Meter principal Mettr shall refuse or neglect to open or keep open any principal or fubor- not kaefrfng dinate Office as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit Offices open* and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

3 B 2 II. And

e. XX.6* GEO. III. AJ).lSlfc

under Campbell, Esquire, Edinburgh; A. D. Campbell of Madras Esquire; Archibald Campbell of Blythefwood, Efqaire; Ueotori Colonel Archibald Campbell, Lieutenant Colonel Archibald Campkl| Eighty fourth Regiment; Rear Admiral Donald CampbtBi u» tenant General Duncan Campbell of Locbnell, Daman Camfbdl 4 Tavistock Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; M* Campbell of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Efqnse; Jdk Campbell of Red Lion Square, in the County of Middlesex, ESgmei John Campbell Esquire, Mailer in Chancery; Captain fund Campbell, Royal Navy; Robert Campbell of Ardchattmn,

Robert Campbell of Argyll Street, in the County of MibAjm, Esquire; Thomas Campbell of Sydenham, Esquire; Thomat Cem 4 Great Coram Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; fTAm Chijholm of that Ilk, Esquire; Colonel Archibald Chrtjhr; Timm Cock bum of Devonshire Street, in the County of Middkjea, Etyuej James Cochrane of Madras, Esquire; Colonel Colebrooiel Medrn Army; Lieutenant Colonel James Conway of the Gmt, Hem-dean, in the County of Southampton; Lieutenant Colonel Charier Cunningham, David Cunningham of Great Winchefitr Strut, n lie City of London, Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel Dalryuple, Modem Army; Kirby Dalrymple of Madras, Esquire; AIrt order Gray David Jon of EarPs Court Road, in the County of Middejm, Esquire; Lieutenant General Alexander Dirom; Han Beudfm of Tulloeh, Esquire; Humphrey Donaldson of Whitaet, k the County of Middlesex, Esquire; William Douglas Ycwgerof Cafiie Douglas, Esquire; Robert Downie of Forres, Efqdft; Gaea! Andrew John Drummond of Strathallan; James DrrnrnmnFiwmm of Strathallan, Esquire; George Harley Drummond of Dnutmtj CaJHe, Esquire; John Duff of Drummuir, Esquire; James Bexnlp. Duncan of Damfide, Esquire; James Beveridge Dunum Y anger of Damfide, Inquire; the Right Honourable Hugh E&u of Madras $ Captain Elliot, Madras Army; Captain Atfrfas Frederick D'Este, Mac Morhar Innemeis; John Farqubmfmd Houghton, Esquire; William Farquharson of Monaltrie, Eiqese; John Fleming of Gloucester Place, in the County of MU&fig, Doctor of Physic; James Flemying of the City Chambers* h the City of London, Esquire; Robert Stewart Flemying of Ki&chest, Esquire; Bartholomew Forbes of Change Alley, in the Gty of London, Esquire; Major General Benjamin Forbes, Cherla Faria of Auchmedden, Esquire; John Forbes of New, Esquire; Msha Forbes of Fitxroy Square, in the County of Middlesex, Efqear; Rear Admiral Alexander Fraser, Alexander Fraser of Lincddt ha Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Charier Fryer of Inver aloe by and Cqfile Fraser, Esquire; Duncan Fraser of Ftqqi, Esquire; Lieutenant Frederick Alexander Fraser, Seventy qjhi Highlanders; George Fraser of the New City Chamber* is the City of London, Esquire; Colonel Hqfiings Fraser, Eight? Mth Regiment; Lieutenant Colonel Hugh Fraser, Madras Am; James Fraser of Belladrum, Esquire; John Fraser of Aekustrin, Esquire j John Fraser of AQon Place, in the County of Mddefix, Esquire; John Hutchinson Fraser of Fimne/lan, Esquire; Sms* Fraser Younger of Belladrum, Esquire; Captain Thomas Fraser, Madras Army; Thomas Fraser or Madras, Esquire; 7ho* Fraser of Newton, Esquire; Captain Fraser, Town Major*

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.xxi*

741

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, an Oath, (which Oath such Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer, ) in the following Words:

T do swear, That I will honestly,

truly, faithfully and impartially, according to the best of my

Skill and Judgment, execute the Office of Principal Land Coal«Meter, for the Parities comprised hi an Act passed in the Fifty

sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

intituled {here set forth the Title of this Act.] So help me GOD.' VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Principal Land

Coal Meter for the time being shall, and he is hereby directed and required, from time to time and at all times, to nominate, appoint and employ a sufficient Number of Labouring Land Coal Meters, for the Purpose of admeasuring Coals, and for executing such other Duties as are by this Act required to be done by Land Coal Meters, and from time to time to liifpend or dismiss the same Labouring Land Coal Meters, as he fhatl think fit.

s VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Labouring Land Coal Meter in the Execution of this Act until he shall have taken and subscribed before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or for the said County of Essex, an Oath (whion Oath such Justice or Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer) in the Words following:

I do swear, That I will honestly, truly, faithfully and impartially, to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Office of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for the Parishes comprised in an Act passed in the.Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act'] and that I will truly and impartially inspect and measure, or fee measured or loacted, all such Coals between Buyer and Seller, and execute such other Duties as are by Law required to be done by a Labouring Land Coal Meter, without Favour or Hatred. So help me GOD.' IX. And be it further enacted, That the said several Labouring Land Coal Meters, and every of them, shall, and they and he are and is hereby required to attend at the several Wharfs, Warehouses and other Places, at which he or they shall be stationed from time to time by the said Principal Land Coal Meter, each and every Day (Sundays, Good Friday, Christmas Day, and Fast or Thanksgiving Days by Proclamation only excepted) in each and every Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, from the Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening, and from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of March from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour of Six in the Evening; and if upon Notice being given to any such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters (o stationed, or Notice being left in Writing at his or their Office or Offices, or Place or Places of Abode, to attend at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place to be named in such Notice, within the Limits of has or their Station or Stations for the time being, in order to measure or fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required by this Act to be done by a Land Coal Meter at any such Wharf, Warehouse

for due Performance of their Duty.

Principal Meters to appoint Lap bouring Meters.

Labouring Coal Meters alfoto take an Oath.

Form of Oath.

Labouring Coal Meters to attend their Stations.

Hours of At. tendance.

Notice to be given to Meter to attendee. ;

V30

GxX,

5TGEO.nL

JUXigi

City of London* Esquire; Angus Macdonald of Puff MaM in the County of Middlese, x, esquire; Donald Macdonald, - Brother of Clanrenald; Janus Macdonald, Younger of Esquire; James Macdonald of Invcrne/i, Esquire; John of Montreal, Esquire; John Macdonald of Kenmngtm CmsS) Esquire; Colonel John Macdonald, Bengal Artillery 5 Liemaul Colonel John Macdonald of Queen Anne Street East, in the Coats of Middlesex; Lieutenant Colonel John Macdonald Yaap A Scalpa s John Macdonald of Bury Court, Saint Mary dxe, n tie City of London, Esquire; John Macdonald of Forres, Jkhat flf Physic; General John Macdonald, Bengal; Reginald Gemft Mm> donald of Clanronald, Esquire; Colonel Alexander Madm&d Glengarry, Reverend Alexander Macdonell of Upper Canada, £. list* donell of Madras, Esquire; Lieutenant Colonel Jsunts Mode*4 Coldftream Guards; Lieutenant Colonel Macdonell, Madras Amf; Simon Mac GiUivray of Suffolk Lane, in the City of Lain, Esquire; William Mac Gilltvray of Montreal, Efqore; M*or Duncan Mac Gregor, Seventy eighth Highlanders; Cherki Mtttm tods of Bombay, Esquire; Captain John Mackintofb, £ejI Its* Service; Captain Mackintojb, Madras Artillery; Major Goal John MacIntyre, John MacIntyre of Jamaica, Esquire; JottMsdUft of Bengal, Esquire; Duncan Mackay of Demerara, Esquire; H&x Mack ay of Jamaica, Esquire; Captain John Mackeliar, Roya/^avy; Lieutenant General Alexander Mackenzie of Fairhain; dustier Mackenzie of Queen Square, in the County of Middles, Efcpart; Colin Alexander Mackenzie of the Albany, in the Comq d JfiAfip-sex, Esquire; Daniel Mackenzie, Esquire, Canada; DmtmUx-kenzie, Esquire, Keppoch; Henry Mackenzie, Esquire, CmL\ Colonel Jabez Mackenzie; John Mackenzie, Esquire; Papula Rifle Brigade; John Mackenzie of Bishopgate Street, in the Coefitr of Middlesex, Esquire; John Mackenzie, Esquire, Bengali Keudl Mackenzie of Portland Place, in the County of Middlesex, Efqaet; Kenneth Mackenzie of Torridon, Esquire; Thomas Matlmx cf

Sueen Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Rewtsd 7Uiam Mackenzie of Smarden, Captain Wedderburn Motions, John Mackerrell, Esquire, Madras / Robert MacktrrtU of Wsthsi Street, in the City of London, Esquire; John Mackie of Mill Hu, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Donald Mackinnon of J.k Street, Adelpbi, in the County of Middlesex, Doctor of Pbrtc; Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Mackinnon, Coldftream Guardi; Ws&sx Alexander Mackinnon of that Ilk, Esquire; Captain JrcbikH Maelaine, Eighty sixth Regiment; Alexander Macleaj of Qua Square, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Kwsts Macleay ot Newmore, Esquire; Lieutenant Alexander Maks. Eighty sixth Regiment; Lieutenant Duncan Maclean, sixth Regiment; Captain Thomas Maclean, Madras Army; Mi-bald Norman Macleod, Esquire, Canada; Captain C. Mxkd, Madras Army; Captain Donald Macleod, East India Sonet; Donald Macleod of Geanies, Esquire; James Cranford Baited, Younger of Geanies, Esquire; Colonel John Macleod of J* M. Macleod, Esquire, Madras; Reverend Roderick Macleod cf St. Annfs Soho, Doctor of Divinity; Colonel William Macissc, Parson's Green; BuehaUnan Macmillan of Bow Street, intkCoaarr of Middlesex, Esquire, JametMacnair, Efqwe j Rederid Hmmi

i - Yooj3

AJX1816'

C.xxi.

743

56° GEO. III.

thereof, or may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such Coals being to be delivered by Gang Labour) are of the Sort or Description as and for which the same shall be sold; and such Meter is hereby authorized and required to demand of the Vender or Venders, or of the Wharfinger or other Person with whom the Ship Certificate of any of such Coals shall be left at any Wharf or Place for the Sale of any such Coals, such 8hip Certificate, for the Purpose of perusing and inspecting the same, and such Meter shall, and he is hereby required to countersign such Ticket or Tickets, if such Meter shall be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort they are described to be in such Ticket or Tickets, but shall not countersign the same without being so satisfied, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby also authorized and required, when the whole Quantity of Coals contained in any Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, to write or indorse on the Back of the Certificate of such Coals, the Word M Delivered; " and if any such Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Person shall refuse or neglect to produce and deliver to any such Meter such Ship Certificate on Demand, then and in every such case every such Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if any such Meter shall countersign any such Ticket or Tickets, without having first inspected such Coals, and also such Ship Certificate, and witnout having reasonable Ground to be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort described in Such Vender's Ticket, or if any such Meter shall not immediately after the whole of the Coals contained in any such Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, demand or call for such Certificate of such Coals, or shall not immediately on such Certificate being produced indorse the same in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Cools sold as and for Pool Measure, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggon or Carriage, from any Wharf or Place within the Limits of this A d, shall be loacted, in Sacks in the Presence of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters of the Diffrift, which Labouring Meter is hereby authorized and required to watch and insped the filling or loading of the Sacks wherein such Coals shall be loacted, and it shall be lawful for such Meter to measure the Dimensions of all or any of such Sacks used in any such Loading before such Sacks shall be filled or loacted; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby authorized and required when any Room or Rooms of Coals in any Ligliter, Barge or Craft, are or is to be sold and sent from any fuen Wharf or other Place as and for Pool Measure by any Land Carriage, to fee that the Coals so loaded afid sent are in fad taken out of the particular Room or Rooms so fold, and likewise that the whole of the Coals contained in any such particular Room or Rooms so fold are in fad entirely emptied out of such Room or Rooms, and loaded and sent away to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Coals contained in such Room or Rooms; and in case such Meter shall find any Sack or Sacks used for the loading of any such Coals is ov are of left Dimensions than required by this Act, or in case it shall appear to such Meter, according

And to indorse the Word " Delivered* on such Certificate.

Penalty.

Meter counter-signing Ticket without hiving inspected Coals, &c.

Penalty.

Regulation with regard to Coala sold by Pool Measure.

C» xx*

56" GEO. III.

A.D. 1MS.

1*2

Esquire, IJU of Man; WilRam Stewart of Piccadilly, in (Ik Cody of Middlesexf Esquire; Honourable James Strange, Madras; Etp Stuart, Esquire, Foreign Office; R. S. Stuart of Alderin, Efqms; Lieutenant General Robert Stuart of Raitt; J. Sutherland, Efqo^ Bombay; William Tate of the Old Jewry, in the City of Lulu, Esquire; Thomas Telford, Esquire; Richard Townend the Yosnjc, of Lima Street, in the City of London, Esquire; John TnM, Htjjan, Bengal; Colonel Charles Turner of Seymour Street, in the Caatytf Middlesex; Walter Urquhart of Warles, Esquire; Robert loin, \ Esquire; A* Watson, Doctor of Physic, Madras; John Etfni Mincing Lane, in the City of London, Efauhne; John Weddrriarid Leadenball Street, in the City of London, Esquire; General Utmjt of that Jib; Benjamin Wefi, Esquire, President of the RoyalAofeaj; George Young of Aujlin Friars, in the City of London, Esquire; together with all and every Person who shall be admitted into die said Society as a Member thereof) in manner herein motreed, M be One Body Corporate, by the Name of The Highland to §f London; and that by the lame Name they shall have perpetsal Suc-Comnaon Seal, cession, and a Common Seal, with Power to change, alter, beak, and make new the same, when and as often as they shall judge the toe to be expedient; and that they and their Successon, by the (as* Name, may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaid, ufper and be answered, in all or any Court or Courts of Record, odfkfl of Judicature within this Kingdom; and that they and thesrSKeefas, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable inLivtoh*, hold, receive, enjoy, possess and retain, for the Ends n&hqofc of this Act, and in trust, and for the Benefit of tie Wtoaty all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been paid, giro, toiW or bequeathed, or shall at any time or times hereafter be paid, pic, devised or bequeathed by any charitable or well disposed Perf« or Persons, to and for the Ends and Purposes in this Act meafiooed; Society may take and that they and their Successors, by the Name afiorefud. Mid Lands In Mort- may at any time hereafter, without Licence, in Mortmain, purckie, m"n* take or receive, hold and enjoy, any Lands, Tenements or Hotfe*

aments, or any Estate or Intereit therein, for the Purpofa of the id Charity, not exceeding Five Thousand Pounds in Value. Appointment of H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Thit Ha Officers. Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany shall be, sodk

is hereby appointed President of the said Corporation; and tkttk Right Honourable James Murray, commonly called Lord Jw Murray; the Right Honourable Alexander George Lord Satan; tie Right Honourable Sir Archibald Macdonald of East Sheen, Bart; General Sir George Beckwith, Knight, Grand Crofi of the sod Honourable Order of the Bath; and Colonel Alexander Machdd Glengarry, shall be, and are hereby appointed the Vice Ftddtuct the lame; and that David Cunningham, Esquire; John Ga^Ei^i William Henderson, Esquire; Alexander Lamb, Esquire; Janalkl say, Esquire; Alexander Macleay, Esquire; Donald Mathmi Doctor of Physic; Kenneth Murchifon Macrae, Esquire; JT$» Munro, Esquire; Andrew Robertson, Esquire; Gedda Mxhas Simfon, Esquire; and George Young, Esquire, shall be, ud tkj sue hereby appointed a Committee of Directort for the Midp ment of the Affairs and Business of the said Corpontion, vtan Fire at the least may proceed to transact the uid Alhm; d

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III,

C.xxi.

7*5

fame remeasured by the Buffiel Measure, provided you immediately, and before any more of the Coals than One Sack shall

be (hot pr delivered from the Cart, Waggon or Carriage in which

the same are brought, fend Notice in Writing of your Deiire to ( have the same remeasured to any of the Land Coal Meters9 Offices

+appointed by or by virtue of the said Act of the Forty seventh Year, or the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, also to the Vender or Venders of such

Coals* C* Z>. [Here insert the Name of the Vender] E. F. [Here 4 insert the Name of the Meter, and the Office and Place where the 4 Office u Jituated]- Dated [Here insert the Day of the Month, and 4 the Month and Year when such Ticket was Jigneai*]

And in case such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Vender not de-Coals, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as afore- liverin* Ticket said, and so countersigned by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchaser 10 Purchaser* or Purchaser* of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any such CoaU as aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Vender or Venders shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Ten Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver or other Person at- Carman not detending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any such String Ticket. Coals as aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been given, by or by the Directions of the Vender or Venders, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having first received the same from the Vender or Venders, or any Person by the Order of the Vender or Venders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchaser* of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver or other Person aforesaid so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, What Sum of or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals, sold as and for Pool Measure, and M°ney* sent in any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage from any Wharf, j^rfor inf^iVg Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Act, or any Coalafoidby Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, and delivered by Gang Labour Pool Measure. from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Meter shall

be stationed, situate within such Limits; or the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, from or over which any such Coals shall be so sent, shall and such Vender or Venders, Dealer pr Dealers, or Occupier or Occupiers is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal Meter for the Execution of this Act, at and alter the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat so bought and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, as and for a Compensation for the Trouble of inspecting or superintending the Loading and fending away such Coals, and such Money shall be repaid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals to the Vender or Venders thereof.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Enabling Pur-herein coutained shall extend, or be conitrued to extend, to hinder or

prevent any Purchaser or Purchaser* of any Coals, sold as and for Measure to have Pool Mealure, from fending such Coals to the Premises of such Pur- such Coals deli-chafer or Purchasers, or to any Landing Place which such Purchaser wed without

Bailot, by Concern, dispensed witji.

Honorary Members may be chosen.

Eletlion of Pre-fident, Vice Presidents, Trea* furers. Auditors, Directort, Secretaries, Deputy Secretary and Chaplains.

C. xx.

SS* GEO. III.

AD.1515,

General Courts may delegate Power* to Committee of Directors; order and dispose of Common Seal; make Bye Law*, and revoke and alter the same.

the Member* b»Botting, and shall before hie Adxmft<*rr pay ato the Hands of One of the Treasurers of the said Society, the Sob of Twenty six Pounds Five Shillings: Provided always, that if in air case it {half be the unanimon9 Desire of the Members prefect it fou Election, that the Ballot should be dispensed with, and that thePerfoa then in Nomination should be elected a Member of the find Society, such Person so elected, shall be deemed and taken to have ben dedef by Bailot, and (half be admitted a Member of the £nd Sorietj, <a Payment of the Sum aforesaid.

IV. And Whereas certain Person s have been chosen Hsaanry

Members of the said Society, and it may be expedient that otam

should be chosen in future Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Number of such Members may be chosen a manner aforesaid, not exceeding Twenty such Members.

V. And be it further enacted, That at the General Court that shall be hoi den on the Third Saturday in February, in the Year Che thousand eight hundred and seventeen, there shall be ehofa t Pnr£-dent, Five Vice Presidents, Three Treasurers, Three Auditors, Tvehe Directors, Two Secretaries, One Under Secretary and TwoCbphir, : to serve for the Space of One Year only, to commence from the Twenty first Day of March next ensuing; and that the like Ekebot of the Officers aforesaid, shall be made at the said General Court Yearly, and in every Year; and in case any of the Offices ihechid shall become vacant by Death, Resignation or otherwifo, aether Person shall from time to time be chosen to serve in the Pbcrof foci Officer, during the Remainder of the Term for which the Fre&n whose Office shall have become vacant, was chosen, and nolosgtr; ad the President and Vice Presidents, Treasurers, Auditors and Secretaries for the time being, shall be Members of the said Committee over and above the T welve Directors to be elected as aforesaid; and also all such Members as shall have served the Offices of Pre&feot, Vice President, Treasurer or Secretary of the said Society; asd the Members of the said Corporation, assembled at any such General Court as aforesaid, or the major Part of them so assembled, shall hare full Power and Authority, in the Name of the said Corporation, aid on their Account, to apply and dispose of the Monies and Fuad< already given, and which shall from time to time be contributed acd given by any Person or Persons, on account of the said Society, and all other Monies and Funds belonging, or to belong to the fed hereby created Corporation, to and for the Purposes aforesaid, jdJ to or for any other Purpose, Matter or any thing relating to the same, and for the Benefit thereof, at their Discretion; and with and u&kr their Common Seal, to enter into any Covenants and Contracts for the Purposes aforesaid, and for any other Purpose or Purposes for the better effecting and carrying on the Uses and Designs aforefed; and to do, manage, tran fad and determine all such other matters af things, as shall to them, at any such Court, appear to be necefey or proper for effecting and carrying on the Purposes aforesaid; ad shall and may delegate such Power and Authority to the fold Cos-mittee of Directors, as they shall think necessary for the more speedy, easy and effectual Execution of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Members of the said Corporation, in a General Court assembled only, or the major Part of them, so as afoiefoid, to order and dispose of the Custody of the said Common Seal, and foe

fxo Use

i

A. D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

Cxxi.

747

measured; and in case it shall appear upon the Remeasurement of , f Deficiency »p-fuch Coals by such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter, as shall at- tf*p. ty m tend for die Purpose of remeasuring of such Coals, that such Coals PrQPorllon' do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then and in every such case, if such Coais hare been sold as and for Pool Measure, the Vender of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Fire Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every Fire Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Site Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such case such Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so found deficient the Sum uf Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; but in case any such Coals so remeasured and found deficient shall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Measure, then and in such case the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel so found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the By whom Ex-Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter appointed by peaces of Re-©r by virtue of this Act, and of the said recited Act, so remeasuring, e*furemeoi shall be paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so re- ue to measured by him, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron, and if upon any such Remeasurement the

whole of the Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then and in such case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in fcafe such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, pay the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency (nail not amount to One Bushel, then and in such case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Coals sold by herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to require Pool Measure any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure to be measured by the j

Bushel Measure previously to such Coals being loaded and lent away

in any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage form the Vender's pj^hafer. Wharf or Place of Sale, unless by the Desire of the Purchaser of any such Coals.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold or loaded to Coals sold by be sold as and for Wharf Measure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Wharf Measure Bushels, at or from any Place or Places within the Limits of tms £

Ad, shall be measured in the Presence of One of the said Labour- & t Lan<j coal rog Coal Meters to be appointed by virtue of this Act, by the Meter.

Bushel Measure heaped up as by this Act is directed, and the said Labouring Coal Meters, and every of them, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bushel or Bushels of any such Coals as shall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons to vending or contracting for the Sale of the said Coals, or so loading any such Coals for Sale.

XXL And be it further enacted, That if any such Labouring Meters ruffering Coal Meter shall wittingly or willingly fuller any Coals exceeding

Eight

186

66° GEO. III.

AJJ.uii

Ke&ion of Members.

Power to General Court to fill up Vacancies.

Committee may fofpend or remove Officers and Servants.

Officers to account, kc.

Officer not accounting or refilling to verify Accounts, Two Justices of Peace may enquire thereof on Oath of Witnesses and levy Money remaining due from such Officer by Distress.

of Directort, shall be decided by Vote; and in case of aolqub of Voices, the President or Chairman shall have the Casting Voi fare and except in the Case of the Election of Memben, as bed mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Memben of the la Corporation, at a General Court, or the major Part of them pda at such General £ourt, shall have Power from time to tiac, rx3i all times, to fill up any Vacancy or Vacancies of Pitfidest, Ve Presidents, Treasurers, Auditors, Directors, Secretaries, Depeti Secretary and Chaplains, and appoint such other Officers, Strati and other Persons, as they shall think necessary to employ fat tbt Purposes, and in the Execution of this Act; and from time to rat suspend or remove all such Servants, or other Perfooi, or tar c either of them, as they shall think fit, and appoint others bake Death, or such Suspension or Removal; and may out of the Moan to be received for the Purposes of this Act, make reasonableAllo* ances to all such Servants, and other Persons, for their Seniors; and that all and every such Officers, and Servants, and other PerfoN of every Description, shall from time to time, when thereunto rw^nredi by the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, makeand reader to the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, i true, end and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, Monies which he, (he or they, and every of them respeeWr, UL to that time have received, paid and disbursed, by virtue of tfeaM or by reason of their respective Offices; and in cafeeyM«j(b received, shall remain in their, or any of their Hindi, the dot fed be paid to the said Committee, or any Five or morr of tot, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the bat; ad in case any such Officer or other Person shall not make od rate or shall refuse to verify any such Account, or to make ay fab Payment as aforesaid, then any Two or more Justices of the Poet for the County of M'tddUfex % or for the City of Zsaiss, or fe such County as the said Society shall for the time being be fitwfc in, shall and may, upon Complaint to them, make Enquiry of d concerning such Default in a summary way, (u well by Cosfe&s of the Parties themselves as by the Testimony of One or imk credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath or Affirmation, which tk said Justices are hereby empowered and required to admmiik); d if it shall appear to such Justices, that any of the Monks that & have been received for the Purposes of this Act, shall ranis & from such Officer or Servant, such Justices may, and are ber^t authorized and required, upon Non Payment thereof, by Wrns under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels ot such Officer or Servant; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Serf can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Motet,the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Ctes*85' such Officer or Servant, or if it shall appear to such Mic* such Officer or Servant shall have refused, orwilfuDy negkW i render or give such Account, or to verify the same as afatW or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that my Boob, Papers or Writings relating to the said Corporation shall be id tit Custody or Power of such Officer or Servant, and he (hallbavr^ fiifed, or wilfully neglcded to deliver or give Sausfadko respedsq

it

I.D. 1816.

StfGEO.lIL

Cm

T*9

I!onfumer, and thereupon he, (he orthey isand are hereby required to

>ay to the Seller named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specified,

lod if the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning such Ticket shall Labouring Me-

ifter Payment or Tender of the Metage charged in pursuance of this tcr refusing to

(Va, retufe to deliver such Ticket as hereinbefore directed to the deliver Ticket to

barman or Person employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals arma"*

therein described, such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if Penalty.

tuch Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Carman not de-

Coals described in such Ticket, shall, after the same Ticket shall ^p^gc^et

have been so delivered to him by the Labouring Coal Meter coun- c a 1

terfigning the same, either alter or neglect, or refuse to deliver the

same Ticket to the Purchaser or Con turner therein named, or to the

Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead or drive

the Coals described in such Ticket, shall forfeit and pay, for every penalty.

such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Whai fingers Dealer in Coals shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or cause to be gw*'"* Bribes to given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meter Meters, or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Metage of Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Smiling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal or La- M*^" I#ctir" bowing Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed pursuant to this AS, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a false or counterfeited Tickets. Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman or other Person, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall take or receive from auy Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by the Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, or if such Principal Land or Labouring Coal Meter (h&U'WiUinely permit or suffer to be made false Measure of any Coals, or shall deliver a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall have not Seen measured, or (nail countersign any Vender's Ticket for any Coals, without having inspected such Coals, or without feeing and taking Care that the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, Stall have been first completely emptied out of and loaded from such particular Room or Rooms so fold, then and in every such case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever Serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Meter. Penaky.

XXV. And

739

56° GEO. III.

AJD.1I16.

C.xx, xxi.

Addon shall have arisen, and not elfcwhare; and the Defbdate: Defendants in such Action or Actions, may plead the Goal

Psnenl Issue. Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter m Evidence, it ay Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in primer and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appeartc have been so done, or if such Action or Suit shall aot be breast within the time before limited, or shall be brought in asy otter County or Place than aforesaid, then the Jury (hau find for tk Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffii shall becnar nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Adisa or Anions, or if a Verdict shall pass against: the Plaintiff or Roe-tiffs* or if upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given igadth Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall hue Tnhh Co ft 8, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fast, a ty Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colb in other da by Law.

[Public Act.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act M beteed

and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially takes Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

47 G. $. Seff«*-c*s68. § 78 — 9°-

Cap. xxi.

An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurenent teftfarr of Coals within the several Parishes in the County tf lying between the Parish of Saint Luke CMsea, uiAeMud of the River Colne, near Staines; and also between Lmdm^S: !: and the Mouth of the River Lee, near Blackball; and & rib the several Parishes in the Counties of Middlefe* sad Efa agoing to both Banks of the River Lee, and the Branco* thortct. between the River Thames and Edmonton. [21ft Msj iMj

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year i the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled A* JSjtt*4pealing the several ABs for regulating the Fend aaiDthx]^ 4 Coals within the Cities of London ana Westminster, ad Lite 4 thereof and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlefci, Surrrr, Kent, and Essex, and for making letter Provisim jot Atjat* 4 certain Land Coal Meters were continued or appointed lor tk

Purpose of admeasuring Coals within the City and Liberty d 4 Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy of Cornwall adjoin^

{hereto, and for the several Parishes of Smut Giles it tleFe& 4 Saint MaryAe-bone, and such Part of the Parish of Smt Ate 4 Holborn, as is in the County of Middlesex; and also for theGty 4 of London, and between Tower Dock and Ltnehouft

4 CoUnty of Middlesex; and also for the several Parimet of $*

Thorpe, Chertsey, Weybridge, Walton on Thames, Wtf M*q<

4 Thames Ditton, Kingston, Richmond, Mortlake, Barnet, Cp*»

4 Mitcham, Putney, Wandsworth, B aftersea, Lambeth, CkjfcW 4 Newington, Saint George in the Borough of Southwark, Jsauite 4 our9s, Saint Otave, Saint Thomas, Saint John, Saint Mirj Mifi*1 4 Bermondsey, and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County olStrm,

4 and certain Regulations were thereby made respeddng the Vend cj 4 Delivery of Coals fold within the same Phew rtfpe&mly: hi 4 Whereas the Regulations contained in the hid Act bw H 4 very beneficial to the Confamen of Coals tetfch

A. D. 1316*

56° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

751

such case every such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds* XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bufiiel shall be kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurement of any Coals fold within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respe£tive Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and EJfexy as is or are (ituate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which shall not be such Bufiiel as is described iu and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the speedy and effeOual preferring of the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for ascertaining the Coal Measure, and which shall not have been fird damped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Westmin-Jlery or at the Guildhall London, previously to the same being so kept or used, and that every such Buihel, previously to being so damped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and -Ufe with Iron or Copper Hoops, and shall be so damped or marked with a Steel Indrument on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every such Buihel shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of such Bufiiel all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such Bushel in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Bufiiel to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of Coals shall confid of Thirty fix of such Bufiiels so heaped, and so in Proportion for any lesser Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, shall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Bufiiel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Bufiiel as aforesaid, and so damped as aforesaid, or shall in anywise decrease or diminish any such Bufiiel damped as aforesaid, or shall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make use of in admeasuring of any Coals any Bufiiel other than such Bufiiel as aforesaid damped as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever shall in any manner decrease or diminifii any such Bufiiel damped as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respe£ttvely for every such Offence shall be committed to the House of Correction, by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure shall be difiatisfied with the Measurement which Audi have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehouse or

other

Penalty.

What Buihel Measure to re made use of.

il Ann. Stat. 3. C.17. S ii, I* To be stamped.

Vender, &r. using Buihel not stamped.

Penalty.

Dimiokhing

Buihel

Imprisonment

Venders, &c of Coals sold as Wharf MeaTure, if d Satisfied, may hgve them remaafored.

740

C. xxi.

56* GEO. lift

Principal Meter appointed.

His Majesty to appoint Principal Meter upoa any Vacancy.

Principal Coal Meter neglecting Duty.

Penalty.

Principal Meters nay be ra-elected when their time expires.

Principal Land Coal Meter* to take an Oath

A.D. H16.

II. And be it further enacted, That Abrahem Saderfa of th Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman Mbt, and is hereby nominated and appointed the Principal Land Coi) Meter for executing the Provisions of this Act, and theMamgr of the several Offices to be provided as aforesaid (Care and except he shall die or be removed from such Office by Hit Madly, b Heirs and Successors, which Removal His Majesty, hit Hein tsi Successors, is and are hereby empowered to make) until drM Day of June which shall be in the Year of oor Lord One tkukd eight hundred and thirty seven; and from thence to the End i tk then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case and whet ad» often as the said Abraham Sanderson, or any other Principal late Coal Meter to be from time to time appointed for the Psrpoid of this Act shall die, or shall be incapable of acting in the Ekodm of his Office, or shall be removed therefrom as aforesaid, ortbetnse limited for the Execution of such Office shall expire, tba k foil be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeifon, to Donate and appoint any other Person as Principal Land Coil Meter k tbt Room or Stead of every such Principal Land Coal Meter who Hull die, be so dismissed, removed or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or whose time limited for the Execntkn of b Office shall expire, and so toties quotici as often as anyfidk ak shall happen; and every such Person so to be nombtri or ip* pointed as aforesaid, shall be, remain and continue Pracpl Jdrtrr for the Execution of this Act, until the said First Day of /«. One thousand eight hundred and thirty seven, uoldsfeBk fboner removed or be incapable of acting in the Execntkn of b Office.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middbfc*, in Geaoal or Quarter Sessions assembled, and they are hereby authorized ud required to inquire into, and bear and determine any Compbot of Fraud or Misbehaviour, of the Principal Land Coal Meter far the time being for the Execution of this Act, in the same mm a they are by Law authorised to inquire into, hear and deterroine Mi: -demeanors; and if such Principal Coal Meter shall be found ph of any Fraud, Neglect or Miibehaviour, he shall forfeit md pay so the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and SucocOors, such Fix a such Court, before whom such Complaint shall be made, Hull W fit, not exceeding Twenty Pounds; together with such Codt a such Court shall think proper to award and direct, and such Pm-cipal Coal Meter shall be liable to be removed as hereinbefore sectioned.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whene?er the for which any such Principal Land Coal Meter shall hrc ke appointed shall expire, then and in such case nothing herein cafiati shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or pmtf. n such Principal Land Coal Meter, whose Term limited for tlx locution of his Office shall so expire, from being renomMni*reappointed to his Office of Principal Meter.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be cap»b of acting as Principal Land Coal Meter, in the Execution of tk Ad, until he shall have taken and subscribed before Two or*

t

A.D. 1T816.

56° GEO. III.

C.xjLu

753

I

I

t- I i ir

r-

t*

to any Penalty or Penalties in oeiped thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI* And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders Venders to d*-of» or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and lent as and for Wharf liver Tickets of Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the said Port w ur<*

of London, or within the said respective Cities of London or West* minster, or the rqspective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent or Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered, a printed Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered, the same Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or &

other Carnage, shall be (hot or delivered therefrom, and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following:

VENDER'S TICKET.

h fHere insert the Name of the Buyer] Take Notice'*

that you are to receive herewith [Here insert the Number \

Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, [Here insert the

Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, JTHere

insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals j ' and that by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign ' of King George the Third, the Carman is directed to deliver this

Ticket, before he {hoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Wag- gon, and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by

which the Carman is directed to measure gratis (under the Penalty

of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack which

< the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain

Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outside of

the Meafdre being the Extremity of the Base thereof* C. D>

1 [Here insert the Name of the Vender.] E. F, [Here insert the Name

of the Labouring Meter, in case of the Goals being sent from within

either of the DistriQs of the said rejhedive Offices] Dated [Here

< insert the Day of the Months and the Month arid Tear when such

Ticket was fgnedjy

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not deliver, or cause Vender not <fe* to be delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Pur- liverin8 Ticket, chafers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant of Servants before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, every such Vender or Venifers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of or other Person Peniity. attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden wkh any Carman noc de-fuctwCoals aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall nave been given by to Pur. or by the Direction of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the fhaOrT Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Vender or any Person by the Vender's Orders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or 56 Geo. III. 3 C to

^74*

Mot attending.

Penalty.

Labouring Meter* subject to the Controul of

Justices.

Coal Meters not to be interested in the Ssle of Coda.

Penalty on Principal Meter. Penalty on Deputy Meter.

Land Coal Meters may demand from Vender or Wharfinger a Sight of the Ship'* Certificate.

C.xxi. 56° GEO. III. AJD.1S16

Warehouse or other Place, or if Notice requiring the Attain of a Labouring Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Warehouse* other Place to be named in such Notice, for the Purpose of me furinjg or to fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Du required of Labouring Meters by this Act, shall be given a tl Office of the said Principal Land Coal Meter; and fuen Laboara Coal Meter or Meters shall not attend pursuant to any such Sobc within the Space of Two Hours from the giving of the (kr, a % do his or their Duty according to the true Intent and Meaner el this Act, then and in every such case every such LaboonBg Cal Meter, and the said Principal Land Coal Meter, shall for fiery fed Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That each and every Labourr Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent or Servant of the Principal Lacd Col Meter, for the Execution of this Act, shall be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction and Controul of the said Joffices of the Pace lor the County of Middlefcxt or for the County of EJex9 with their nr-spective Jurisdictions, in General or Quarter Semons afleobW, ud mall and maybe dismissed and suspended by such General or Quarter Sessions respectively, from the Execution and Emoluments of their said respective Offices, on Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, Neglect or other Mifbenaviour in the Management or Ex? cution thereof, all which Complaints shall and may be beard icd determined by the said Courts in a summary Way.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ff the Principal Land Coal Meter, or any of the Persons to t* essayed under him, shall at any time or times hereafter, during \k at as respective Continuance in Office or Employment as dbrrfad, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of itrCali whatsoever, otherwise than in the Discharge of hit or their fas! respective Offices, such Principal Land Coal Meter so oflbdi*g M. for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One badrtd Pounds, and such Deputy Coal Meter, and Labouring Coal Mete respectively, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the $aa of Fifty rounds, and being thereof respectively conrided before the said Court of Quarter Sessions for the said County of Mii&jn or Essex (according to the Jurisdiction), shall be diunzfTedfroaki or their laid respective Office or Employment, and be for ever It j abled from holding or executing the same or any otWonbuH Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals whatfoew, Id and to be sent in anyfWaggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, fa any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place or Places within the Links cl this Act, and also all Coals whatsoever fold and to be fest by Gar Labour, from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Dm Meter shall be ft&tioned, situate within such Limits or District, Mi previously to such Coals being so sent away, be carefully urfpe&d and examined by the Principal or One of the Labourhg Lad Col Meters, in order that such Principal or Labouring Land Coal Mai may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such CoabboJ sent away in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage!* are of the $d or Description mentioned in the Ticket or iTcxets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every vJ ders and Vender of such Coqfc to the Purchaser or PorcbMf

thereof.

A.D. 1816<

56° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

7 55

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall be dissatisfied with the Measure of any Coals fold or to be delivered within the Limits of this Act, or of the said recited Act, and sent to him, her or them, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall signify to the Carman, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, his, her or their Desire to have the Coala contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals remeasured, then and in every such case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, in which such Coals shall be brought, shall, and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the House, Lodging or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Qoals, and the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, until such Coals are remeasured; and if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or fpffer to be driven away, any such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, before the Coals contained therein shall be remeasured, without the Consent of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and in eveiy such case such Carman or Driver shall, for every fhch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, so desiring such Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be re-measured, shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required to fend or cause to be sent to the Vender or Venders of the said Coals, or to his, her or their Wharf, Warehouse or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are to be remeasured, and such Purchaser or Purchafer#, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any One of the Offices of the said Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the Offices of the Principal Land Coal Meters appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, of his, her or their Desire to have such Coals remea-

Coals sent by Land Carriage to be remeasured if desired by the Purchaser.

Carman driving away before Re. measuremenv

Penalty.'

Purchasers to.fend Notice to Meter's Office, if desirous to have Coals remeasured.

fared, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Labouring MeJ

Meters appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited ter to attend.

Ad, (not being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals

were originally measured, ) shall within the Space of Two Hours

next after such Notice in Writing, left at the Office of any such

Principal Land Coal Meter aforesaid, attend from such Office where

such Notice shall be fb left at the House, Lodgings or other Premises

of such Purchaser or Purchasers as shall be expressed in such Notice,

for the Purpose of reroeafuring the said Coals, and shall accordingly

remeasure the same in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, and

Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her or their

Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them shall

attend to fee the same remeasured; and in case such Vender qr Vender or Pur#

Venders, or Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Agent or duffer not si-

Servant, Agent# or Servants, shall not attend for the Purpose of

feeing such Coals so remeasured, then such Meter shall proceed on pr^Jday

the measuring of such Coals in his, her or their Abf#nce, and such

Meter shall, and be is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, to remeasure such Coals either by the distinct Sacks, fp as to ascertain the Cpntents of each par-

3 Q ticular

C. XSl.

66* GEO. in.

A.D. 1816.

Tee for Rentes-furemeot.

If Deficiency tppew.

Penalty on Vender.

Penalty on Vender.

Penalty on Me* ter.

Penalty on Coal Port en.

Penalty on Vender in proportion to Deficiency.

How far no Re-iHcaturement if snore than One back ftioU

ticular Sack of such Coals which shall remain in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or else to Hririeafure such Coals in such manner, and so as to ascertain the rfhole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and in case the Purchaser or Purchaser* of such Coals shall not either before or immediately upon the Arrival of such Meter signify or cause to be signtfied to such Meter his or their Option or Desire as to which of the said Two Ways he or they would wish such Remeasurement to be taken or made in, then and in every such case such Meter shall proceed to remeasure such Cosh in such manner, and so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and for such Re-meafarement such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Principal Land Coal Meter or Coal Meters of and fro the Office to which Notice shall have been sent as aforefasd. Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and in case, upon the Remeasurement of any such Coals which shall be so remeasured as to ascertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, it shall appear to the Meter so remeasuring the same, that any Sack or Sacks of such Coals shall not contain Three Bushels, then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall for every Sack of Coals that shall be so found deficient on such Remeasurement forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case upon the Remeasurement of any such Coals as aforesaid which fall be remeasured in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the same shall have been, sent taken together, it shall appear to such Meter as afoiefad that the Coals thus remeasured do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then if such last mentioned Coals shall haw been sold as and for Wharf Measure, the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wanting in Measure to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Coals shall be so remeasured, and the Labouring Meter tinder whose InspedBon the Coals were first measured shall, for every Bushel so deficient, forfeit and par the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and the Coal Porters who shall fore first measured such Coals for the Vender or Venders thereof shall, for every Bushel of Coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of Tv* Shillings and Sixpence; but if any such Coals so remeasured in tbr manner last mentioned, and so found to amount to left than tie Quantity for which the same were fold shall have been sold as and for Pool Measure, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, n case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels, and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, forfet and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every fork Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Forty Shillings*; and it case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldroas and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such case such Vender* Venders of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushd so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum i Five Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that no such Coals so fold as! sent shall be remeasured so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of fuchl Coals taken together, after more than One Sick of such Coals fhsl have been foot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Co

It rug*

a xxi.

757

riage into or upon the Premifea of such Purchaser or Purchasers, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Remea-furement of any Coals fold and sent as and for Pool Measure by any Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, and which Remeasurement shall hare been made in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, the Coals so remeasured shall be found to be less or more than at the Rate of Three Bushels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks specified in the Vender's Ticket of such Coals, then the Meter who countersigned such Vender's Ticket of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency or Excels shall exceed Four Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of such Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every such Bushel Co exceeding or so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the sum of Twenty Shillings.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be so made so as to ascertain the whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks sent taken together, of any fucL Coals fold and sent as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, the whole of such Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bu/hel, repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bu/hel, then such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purdiafers of such Coals; and if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be made so as to ascertain the Quantity contained in each and every of the particular Sacks sent, of airy Coals sold as and for Wharf or Pool Measure it shall be found that One fourth Part or more of the Nun> ber of the Sacks of such Coals fold and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bushels each respectively, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of the Remeasurement thereof; but if the Number of such particular Sacks so found deficient shall not amount to One fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of such Coals so fold and sent, then and in such case such Expences shall Ibe paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any such Notice as by this Act directed shall have been given by or on the behalf of any Purchaser or Purcha/ers, at any of the said Principal Land Meter's Offices, appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, requiring the Attendance of any Meter from any of such Offices, for the Purpose of remeasuring any Coals, fold either for Wharf or Pool Measure, theu, and in every such case, the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being at any of such respective Office or Offices, where such Notice shall have been given or sent, is and are hereby authorized and .required to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters, from his or their Office or refp$dive Offices, for the Purpose of making the Remeasurement, and such respective Labouring Meters, or Labouring Meter shall, and are, and is hereby required and authorized to remeasure any such Coals which they or be shall be so lent to remeasure, whether the Purchaser or Purchasers

3 C 3 of

In case of any Coals fold for Pool Measure proving deficient on such Reroea-furtmeot.

Penalty on Meter.

By whom the Expences of such Remeasurement are to be paid.

Principal Meters not fending a Labouring Meter to measure the Coals.

7*8

C.xxi.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Upon Notice,

Or Labouring Meter not attending.

Penalty. Purchaser ob-ftrufting Re-mealurement.

Penalty.

Carmen to be paid for being kept.

Regulations as to Coals sold by Weight.

Labouring Meter to attend the weighing, &c.

In what case Meter to countersign Ticket.

of such Coals shall, or not, be desirous of having such Remeafare-ment proceeded in, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any such Principal Land Coal Meter or Mctm, appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, after having received any such Notice as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse, within the Space of Two Hours after the Receipt of such Notice, to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters to the House, Lodging or other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers accordingly; or if any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters shall refuse or neglect to remeasure such Coals, then, and in every such case, any such Pro-cipal Land Coal Meter or Meters, and Labouring Laud Coil Meter or Meters, so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit nd pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any such Purchaser or Purchasers, or any other Person or Persons, shall prevent, obstruct or interrupt, or attempt to prevent any such Remeaforeraeat being proceeded in and made by such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters, sent by any such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters in cos-fequence of any such Notice, then, and in every such case, such Pnr-chafer or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons, so offending, ihH for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tea Pounds. '

XXXIX. Provided always, and he it further enacted, That when and as often as any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage shall be (lopped or detained for the Purpose or under Pretence o? readme* furing the Coals, or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of every fad Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, shall he entitled to the Sum of Three Shiflings per Hour, for every Hour the Cart shall be so detained, and so in proportion for any Fraction of an Hour over usd above the usual Cartage of such Coals, which Three Shillings^ Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals, in case the fan* or any Part thereof shall upon the Remeasurement thereof be sourd deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of such Coals, in case the same shall not he remeasured, or shall upon such Remeasurement be found to amount to the Quantity for which such Coals were fold.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Coals which shall be sold by Weight, at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place wish the Limits of this Act, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall be sold or weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weight con-fifling of One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupoife Weight, and Twenty such Hundred Weight shall be and he deemed and taken to be One Ton; and all such Coals so to be sold shall be weighed and loaded at such Wharf or Warehouse or other Place of Sale, u the Presence of One of the Labouring Land Meters to be appointed pursuant to this Act, and such Labouring Meter is hereby authorised and required to superintend and inspect the weighing and loading et all such Coals so sold by the Weight, in order Uiatfuch Meter may fee and be satisfied that in every such loading the full Weight of Coals is actually given, which shall he expressed in the Vender's Ticket, and such Meter may refuse to countersign the Vender'} Ticket of any such Coals, in case such Meter (half not fee that the full and proper Weight shall be given, according to the Quantity which shall he expreifed in such Vender's Ticket, but such Meter shall, and he is hereby required to countersign the same, in case tk

proper

AJX181&

58° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

759

proper Weight' shall be given according to such Quantity of* Coals expressed in such Vender's Ticket; and for such Infpfe&ion of such Coals lb sold by Weight there shall be paid by the Vender or Venders thereof, or by-the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Ware-, house or other Place from whence such Coals shall be sent, to the principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this. Ad,

Sixpence for every Ton of Coals so weighed under the Meter's In-. Fee to Principal fpe&ion, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than Meter.

One Ton, and such Sum of Money shall be repaid to such Vender or Venders by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XLL And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders. Vender'! Ticket of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals so sold by Weight within the, to be sent with Limits of this Act, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Pur- sold by chafer or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her or their Servant or Ser- Wels vants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloacted, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following; that is to say,

4 J^TR. A. 19. [Here insert the Name of the Buyer.] Take Notice,

1 That you are to receive herewith [Here insert the Number]

4 Tons [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, for inspeding which 1 Coals you are, in conformity to an Act of Parliament made in the 1 Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to repay 4 me the undersigned [Here insert the Name of the Seller] the Sum 4 of [Here insert the Amount of the InfbcQion Charge] being at and 1 after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold to and to be'' r

4 received by you herewith.'

( Signed) C. D. [Here insert the Name of the Setter A

(Counterfigned) E. F. [Here insert the Name of the Meter.]

And in case such Vender or Venders do not deliver, or cause to be Vender not de-delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid, and so countersigned by a Meter livering Ticket, as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals are unloacted, every such Vender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Penalty. Carman, Driver of or other Person attending any such Cart, Wag- Carman not gon or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals to whom any such del£crir'?j.ame Ticket shall have been given by or- by the Orders of the Vender, UIC a er' in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first re- ceived the same from the Vender or any Person by the Direction of the Vender) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be unloadedf such Carman, Driver or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all .Coals Cculs to be fcld whatsoever fold within the Limits of this Act, save and except only either by such Coals as shall be sold by Weight in manner aforesaid, shall be Weight, or by fold either by the Chaldron, such Chaldron to confiff of Thirty fix jj'en^j'*ldr011 of such Bushels so heaped up as aforesaid, or else by such Buihel as u aforesaid, or by the Half Buihel, Peck or-Half Peck, provided such smaller Ivteafure shall be some aliquot Part of such Bushel Measure, any thiag herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

3 C 4 XLIII. Pro-

GxxL

56s GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Vender notde. livering a Meter* Ticket with Wharf Measure Coals.

Penalty.

Sack* to be foaled and ranked.

DimenGons of 8ecks.

Vender, Itc. tiling Sacks not sealed, Icc. and not of proper 'DimenGons.

Penalty.

Pioviso.

Meter permitting Sacks to be used of too small Dimenfigns*

XXV. And be it further rafted. Hut if any Quantity whatever of Coals exceeding Eight Bushels fold, or to be sold, as and far Wharf Measure, shall be feat or driven in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or carried by Gang Labour, from any Wind, Warehouse or Place, fitoate within the Limits of this Act, witboa having been measured by such Bushel Measure as it directed and described by the said recited Act, or without such Meter's Ticket a aforesaid so signed and couoterfigned as aforesaid baaing been firi obtained, or if such Ticket as aforesaid shall not be delivered to the Pure loafer or Purchasers of any such Coals, before any Part of fodi Coals are (hot or delivered upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Ssa not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Sack shall be nod use of in the Delivery of Coals from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Baige or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place witbis the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of Lm-don and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or withh such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middltfa Surrey, Kent and Essex* as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, except such Sack flail be made of Linen, and shall have been first sealed and marked with White Paint in Oil, at Guildhall, London, or at the Exchequer Office, Westminster, by the proper Officer there, and shall at the time of making use of such Sack measure in the Inside thereof it least Four Feet and Two Inches in Length, by Two Feet and Ose Inch in Breadth; and no Sack shall be sealed or marked which flufl not, at the time of the marking or sealing thereof, measure in the In-fide thereof Four Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Inches in Breadth; and if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, shall use, or cause to be used, any Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coal* within the several and respective Cities, Liberties and Parts aforesaid, not sealed or marked as aforesaid, or of less Length at the time of using the same than Four Feet and Two Inches at the kaft, tn the Inside thereof, or of less Breadth than Two Feet and One loch at the lead, in the Inside thereof, then and in every such case every such Vender of, or Dealer in or Carrier of Coals, mail for every such Sack so unmarked, or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit tad pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings; and the Jtiftice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall take place shall cause every such Sack found unmarked or deficient, either in Length or Breadth, to be destroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be delivered by Gang Labour may be conveyed without the Use of such Sacks $ any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Labouring Coal Meter to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall use, or knowingly permit or suffer any Sack or Sacks to be made nfe of for the peafuring or carrying of Coals, of less DimenGons than such Sacks as are directed to be used for that Purpose by this Act, at any Jplace or Places within the Limits of this Act, then and ip every

56° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

751

'uch case every such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such D (Fence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bushel shall be kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurexnent of any Coals fold within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and WtfiminRcr, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middle-fen, Surrey, Kent and Ejsex, as is or are situate within the Didance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which shall not be such Bushel as is described in ana by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the speedy and effectual pre/erving of the Navigation of the River of Thames, by fopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Efiex, and for ascertaining the Coal Measure, and which shall not have been firit damped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at We/lmin-fler, or at the Guildhall London, previoully to the same being so kept or used, and that every such Bushel, prenoufly to being so stamped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper Hoops, and shall be so damped or marked with a Steel Indrument on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every such Bushel shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of such Bushel all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such Bushef in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Bushel to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of Coals shall confid of Thirty fix of such Bushels so heaped, and so in Proportion for any lefTer Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, shall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Bushel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Bushel as aforesaid, and so damped as aforesaid, or shall in anywise decrease or diminish any such Bushel damped as aforesaid, or shall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make use of in admeasuring of any Coals any Bushel other than such Bushel as aforesaid damped as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever shall in any manner decrease or diminish any such Bushel damped as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respectively for every such Offence shall be committed to the House of Correction, by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure shall be dissatisfied with the Measurement which shall have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehouse or

other

Penalty.

What Bushel Measure to »* made use of.

ia Ann. Stat. 1. c.17. §11, is-To be damped.

Vender, 8cc. using Bushel nefe damped.

Penalty.

Diminishing

Bushel

Imptifonment.

Venders, of Coals sold as Wharf Measure, if dfflatiefied, may hgve them retneafbrtd.

C.xxi.

56° GEO. III.

Mot attending.

Penalty.

Labouring Meters subject to the Coutroul of Just ices.

Coal Meters not to be mterefted In the Ssle of Coals.

Penalty on Principal Meter. Penalty on Deputy Meter.

Land Coal Meters may demand from Vender or Wharfinger a Sight of the Ship's Certificate.

Warehouse or other Place, or if Notice requiring the Attends of a Labouring Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Warehouse other Place to be named in such Notice, for the Purpose of tnt Turing or to fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Dr required of Labouring Meters by this Act, shall be gi?eB a d Office of the said Principal Land Coal Meter; and such Labors Coal Meter or Meters shall not attend pursuant to any foci STs6c within the Space of Two Hours from the giving of the fast, a* do his or their Duty according to the true Intent and Mo&ag oi this Act, then and in every such case every such Labouring C«1 Meter, and the said Principal Land Coal Meter, shall for every kb Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

X* And be it further enacted, That each and every Laiourrc Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent or Servant of the Principal Laud CaJ Meter, for the Execution of this Act, shall be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction and Controul of the said Just ices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for the County of EJe*, with their ns ipeftive Jurisdictions, in General or Quarter Semons afohW, cd shall and maybe dismissed and suspended by such General or Qwter Sessions respectively, from the Execution and Emoluments 5 tbcj said respective Offices, on Complaint and Proof of any Fraad, Dr-fault, Neglect or other Misbehaviour in the Management or locution thereof, all which Complaints shall and may be hard md determined by the said Courts m a summary Way.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, flat if tie hid Principal Land Coal Meter, or any of the Persons to be en^oyd under him, shall at any time or times hereafter, during b* aria respective Continuance in Office or Employment as afcrdsA, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of aarCml* whatsoever, otherwise than in the Discharge of his or their ted rr» spective Offices, such Principal Land Coal Meter so oftndiig £b0, j for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One bsfti Pounds, and such Deputy Coal Meter, and Labouring Cod Met* respectively, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and par tie Sol of Fifty Pounds, and being thereof respectively conriaed befog the said Court of Quarter Sessions for the said County of Mid&fti or Essex (according to the Jurisdiction), shall be diuni&dfoa or their laid respective Office or Employment, and be for ever it abled from holding or executing the same or any other aider tia Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoever, fod and to be sent in any|Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, fooq any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place or Places within the Limits s this Act, and also all Coals whatsoever fold and to be (cat by Gal Labour, from or over any Wharf or other Place where mylw Meter shall be (Utioned, situate within such Limits or DifkriftH previously to such Coals being so sent away, be carefully ufr&l and examined by the Principal or One of the Labourite LmACoj Meters, in order that such Principal or Labouring Land Coil M«s may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such Coalsbes sent away in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage V are of the Sa or Description mentioned in the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every Vf* ders and Vender of such Cods to the Purchaser or Porcbea

thereof

753

A.O.me. se° geo. hi. c-nfu

to any Penalty or Penalties in aefpeft thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithfhmding.

XXXI* And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders Venden to d*. of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf liver Tickets of Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or7 __

from any Wharf, Warehouse or otner Place within the said Port* u

of London, or within the said respective Cities of London or Wef* tninJUr9 or the rgspective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent or EJenf as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered, a printed Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered, v

the same Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or Purchaser* of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or 3*x

other Carnage, shall be (hot or delivered therefrom, and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following s

VENDER'S TICKET.

4 jyj R. A. B* [Here insert the Name of the Buyer] Take Noticed 4 that you are to receive herewith \Hcre insert the NumberJ

Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, [Here insert the 4 Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the'] Coals, f Here 4 insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals j

and that by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign

of King George the Third, the Carman is directed to deliver this 4 Ticket, before he (hoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Wag- gon, and that a Buftiel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by

which the Carman is directed to measure gratis (under the Penalty

of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack which

the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain

Three Bufiiels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outside of

the Meafdre being the Extremity of the Base thereof. C. Dm 4 f Here insert the Name of the Vender.] E. F. £Here insert the Name 4 of the Labouring Meter, in case of the Coals being sent from within 4 either of the DtJlriSs of the said reJheQive Offices.] Dated [ Here 4 insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such 4 Ticket wasfgned.]*

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not deliver, or cause Vender not <te-to be delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Pur- ll»tr*wf Ticket, chafers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant of Servants before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Vender or Ven4ers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of or other Person Penalty, attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any Carman not de-fuctwCoab aforesaid, to whom such Ticket (bill have been given by j^ke? to Purer by the Direction of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the du£eu Purchaser, shall (having so. first. received the same from the Vender or any Person by the Vender's Orders) rsfufe or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or 56 Gso. III. 3 C to

C.xxi.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 111^

Wharfinger, Sec.

obstructing

Meter.

Penalty.

Pool Measure Coala when Tent by Waggon.

Form of the Vender's Ticket to be sent therewith.

cording to the best of such MeterV Jadgfatent, that any Sack or Sacks used in loading any such Coals do not contain when loaded each the Quantity of Three Bushels of Coals, or in case such Meter shall observe that anj such Coals sold as the Coals of any particular Room or Rooms, mall not in fad be taken out of such particular Room or Rooms so fold or to be sold, or that the whole of the Coals contained in such particular Room or Rooms (hill sot be entirely emptied out of the same, then and in every such cafek M and may be lawful to and for such Meter to refuse to comtersgs the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or <n the behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of &ich Coals to thr Purchaser or Purchasers thereof $ and if any Wharfinger, Coal Ports or other Person or Persons, shall in any manner ob&rud, binds or prevent such Meter in or from the Performance of any such Duty or Duties so required of such Meter by this Act, then and in citrj such case every such Person so offending shall, for every such Ofocr, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Vesta or Vender of, or Dealers or Dealer in any Coals fold, sent or takes away, as and for -Pool Measure from any Ship, Veslid, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Act, and to be delivered to the Par. chafer or Purchasers thereof, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and be, (he and they is and are hereby required to debar, or cause to be delivered, a Ticket to the Purchaser or Pucbafa of such Coals, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, beta ay Pat of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other CaimgtM be (hot or delivered therefrom; and every such Ticket or Piptr UL be in the Words and Form following :

AIR. A. B. [Here tnfert the Name of the Purchaser] Tike Notice, that you are to receive herewith [ Here tnfert the AW her"] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals, [Hen aftrt the Number'] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals [Htrt tnfert the Number] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals, for inspeding the Loading and Quality of which Coals you are, oo the Receipt of this Ticket, in Conformity to an Act of Parbaaeot, made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to pay the undersigned E. F. [Here tnfert the None sj I the Vender] the Sam of [Here tnfert the Amount of the Cmfeo-fation direffed by this A3 to be riven to such Principal Meter j* the InfbeBion of such Coals, calculating the same as by thit At direded] being at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat sold to, and to be received by you herewith; and by the same Ad this Ticket is directed to be delivered to you before any of the Coals are (hot out of the Ckzt or Waggon, and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart orWagr, by which the Carman is directed to measure gratis, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, the Coals contained in any One Sack, which the Purchaser, or his Servant or Servants may reauire, wbck Sack is to contain Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of i Cone, the Height of such Cone to be at lead Six Inches, sad the Outside of the Measure to be the Extremity of the Base of.such Cone, and, that in case of your being dissatisfied with the Coals now sent, you are entitled by the same Ad to haw tk

«fame

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

755

XX3CIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Pur- Coal* Tent by chafer or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall Land Carriage be dissatisfied with the Measure of any-Coals fold or to be deli- jf defircTby'the vered within the Limits of this Act, or of the said recited Act, and purchafcr/ lent to him, her or them, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage,

/hall Signify to the Carman, or other Person attending such Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, his, her or their Desire to have the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals remeasured, then and in every such case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, in which such Coals shall be brought, shall, and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the House, Lodging or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Qoals, and the Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, until such Coals are remeasured; and Carmm driving if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or fpffer before Re-to be driven away, any such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, be- measurenQenK fore the Coals contained therein shall be remeasured, without the Consent of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and in evenr such case such Carman or Driver shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Pur- Purchasers to, chafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, so desiring such fend Notice to Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be re- ^eGrou^u^ meaftired, shall, and he, (he or they is and are hereby required tp fend have*Coals re-or cause to be sent to the Vender or Venders of the said Coals, or measured. to his, her or their Wharf, Warehouse or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are to be remeasured, and such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall, and he, ihe or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any One of the Offices of the said Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the Offices of the Principal Land Coal Meters appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, of his, her or their Desire to have such Coals remeasured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Labouring M«J Meters appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited ter to attend. Act, (not being the Meter under whose lnfpeftion the said Coa)s were originally measured, ) shall within the Space of Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing, left at the Office of any such Principal Land Coal Meter aforesaid, attend from such Office where such Notice shall be fi> left at the House, Lodgings or other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers as shall be expreUed in such Notice, for the Purpose of reipeafuring the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the same in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, and Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them shall attend to fre the same remeasured; and in case such Vender or Vender or Par-Vendere, or Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Agent or chaffr not ai-Servant* Agents or Servants, shall not attend for the Purpose of feeing such Coals £o remeasured, then such Meter shall proceed on the tfieafuring of such Coal9 in his, her or their Abf<?nce, and such - J Meter shall, and he is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, to remeasure such Coals either by the distinct Sacks, fp 3s to ascertain the Contents of eaf h par-

3 C 2* ticular

C. XXL

56° GEO. lit

AJUS1

the Intervention of a Meter.

Purchasers of Coals Cent by Water may nave the same remeasured, in case Fraud be fuf-pefted.

Lighterman, ftc. not leaving Lighter for that Purpose.

Penalty on the Owner.

Penalty on Lighterman. Notice of re-measuring by Purchaser, and thereupon Me* ter to attend.

or Purchaser* shall appoint, (provided such Landag Place or ] mises be not a Coal Wharf, or Place where any Meter shall by of this Act be stationed) or from having such Coals unloaded a livered at such Premises or Landing Place, either by Gang 1 or in any other manner, except in or by Meant of any Cart, gon or other Land Carriage, without the Presence, Iotemstu^j Xnfpeftion of any Land Meter, and without being subject or to the Payment of any Sum or Sum* of Money whatsoewr to m Land Meter for or in nefpeft of such Coal*; but in case fuchLiadqj Place shall be within the Limit* of this Act, and such Pardderte Purchaser* shall require the Care or Attendance of a Land Man) then he, /he or they shall have and be entitled to such Attndnfli upon fending Notice of such hi*, her or their Desire to the hid ftifl eipal or any other Land Meter's Office appointed by virtue of dl Act; and in such case such Purchaser or Purchafen ihaflpayai be charged for the Attendance of such Meter, at and after til aforesaid Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons md OaeV* of such Coal*.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Pnrtbafir of ay Coal* fold and sent to such Purchaser by any Ligliter, Barge orotkf Craft, from any Place within the Limits of this Act, or of the fat recited Act, shall think or suspect that the full and lawful Mnfaesf any such Coals has not been sent, and shall, before tfeLgkenni or other Person having the Care or Management of fad Ligliter, Barge or other Craft shall have delivered up to the Panhd3, or ts his, her or their Servant, such Ligliter, Barge or aricrCafc, md quitted the Charge thereof, and before Bulk mall be bcokad fad Coals, signify hi* or her Desire to have such Coal* remained, &ei and in every fudi case the Lighterman or other Person fax viflkds Ligliter, Barge or Craft in which the said Coals /kaQbebnwk, Zhafi either continue at the Landing Place or Premises of thr to* chafer of the said Coals, with the said Ligliter, Bam or ether Crrft, until such Coals are remeasured, or shall leave such Ligliter, Bate or other Craftfproperly fattened and made secure at fuchLaading Fin or Premises, or as near thereto as can be, and permit the faaefeta remain there until such Coals are remeasured, under the Panfry of Ten Pounds on the Owner and Proprietor, and Forty Shdfagi in the Lighterman or other Person sent with such Ligliter, Bap or other Craft; and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend orettfc to be sent to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or bar Wfaf, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are going to beifmafai, and also fend Notice in Writing thereof to any One of the Oioet of the Land Coal Meters appointed by or by virtue of tbs Ad, by the said recited Act, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or ok d the Labouring Meters for the Execution of this Act or the tit-cited A ft, as the case may be (not being the Meter under visit b-fpeftion any such Coals may have been originally loaded) !*«*> Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the Ok «f any such Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, attend from such Office where such Notice shall be so left to remeasure the said Coals, and shall accordsgb* measure the same with the Bn/hel Measure in the Preface«tk Vender and Purchaser of the said Coals, or their Agent* or Senxft if any of them shall attend for the Purpose of feeing such Cod*

15 meafsti;

A. D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

Cni.

747

measured $ and in case it shall appear upon the Remeasurement of Deficiencyp-

such Coals by such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter, as shall at-

tend for die Purpose of remeasuring of such Coals, that such Coals rQPorU011, do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then and in every such case, if such Coals have been sold as and for Pool Measure, the Vender of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such case such Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof $ but in case any such Coals so remeasured and found deficient shall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Measure, then and in such case the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel so found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the By whom Ex-

Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter appointed by pencei of Re-or by virtue of this Act, and of the said recited Act, so remeasuring, ^»ement shall be paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so re- ut 10*

measured by him, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron, and if upon any such Remeasurement the

whole of the Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then and in such case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in fcafe such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bnihel, pay the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then and in such case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Co*]* sold by herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to require Pool Measure any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure to be measured by the

Bushel Measure previouily to such Coals being loaded and sent away J in any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage form the Vender's^Purchaser. Wharf or Place of Sale, unless by the Desire of the Purchaser of any such Coals.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold or loaded to Coals sold by be sold as and for Wharf Measure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Wharf Measure Bushels, at or from any Place or Places within the Limits of tnis the'ltofeoce Act, shall be measured in the Presence of One of the said Labour- of t Land coal mg Coal Meters to be appointed by virtue of this Act, by the Meter.

Bushel Measure heaped up as by this Act is directed, and the said Labouring Coal Meters, and every of them, shall and may, and they

and he are and is hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bushel or Bushels of any such Coals as shall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons To vending or contrafting for the Sale of the fiud Coals, or so loading any such Coals for Sale.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Labouring^Offering Coal Meter shall wittingly or willingly fufifer any Coals exceeding

Eight

out without being measured.

Penalty.

Fee to Coal Meters for Wharf Measure Coals, and by whom paid.

Ticket to Carmen. Contents thereof.

Delivered to Carman by Labouring Coal Meter.

CL m

56° GEO- HL

AJXlsU

Eight Bushela, which shall be sold or loaded to be (bid as ad Wharf Measure, to be lent from any Wharf, Warehouse or o( Place within the Limits of his Office, without such Coals hi measured in the manner herein directed, and shall not give Isfca don thereof to the Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by virtue of this Act, within Two Days next after such Conk Aafl I been measured, then and in every such case such Labour^ ( Meter shall for ever thenceforth be rendered incapable of aflag a Labouring Coal Meter, and forfeit and pay any Sum aotoced ing Ten Pounds. "

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Sixpence! every Chaldron of Coals which shall be sold and delivered at ad Wharf Measure, at any Wharf, Warehouse or Place within l Limits of this Act, and so in Proportion for any greater or li Quantity than a Chaldron, shall be paid by the Occupier or Ocd piers of the Wharf, Warehouse or Puce from which such Coals d taken, or by the Seller or Vender of such Coals to the bid frinop Land Coal Meter for the Execution of this Act, and thereupon fudb Principal Land Coal Meter is hereby required to deliver, or aafe be delivered, to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carman who*cart, lead, drive or carry away the same, a Paper Writing, or Ti iigned by the Principal Land Coal Meter, and counterigned by tW] Labouring Coal Meter attending, and delivering the (tat, m wbkk shall be contained the Chridian and Surname or Names of tie refer- i tive Seller or Seliers, Vender or Venders, and also either tk Cfeifcn and Surname or Names, or only the Surname or Nun cldc hr-chafer or Purchasers, Consumer or Consumers of the said Coals u& the Quantity of such Coals, and the Day of the Week, Mold ml Year of the Delivery, and Admeasuremeut, and Amount of tk Met tage Charge, and the Names of the Carman or Persons employed cart, lead, drive or carry the same Coals, and also ftuD cosub Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, tlat if b % (he or they is or are dissatisfied with the Measure thereof, ad iul desire to have all such Coals remtasured, such Di(Tatis£a£boo ndbe expressed to the Carman, before more than One Sack of such Cods is (hot or unladen from the Waggon, Cart or other Carriage coo* veying the same; and that if such Purchaser or Porchafcnflall be so dissatisfied, and shall desire to have all or any of the partial Sacks remaining in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage remeasaud, so as to ascertain the Contents of each or any of such pvtiak Sacks, then that such Desire must be expressed to the Carman brim any of the Sacks of Coals which such Purchaser or Puicfca&n ki desire to have remeasured, shall he (hot or unloaden from tk Cat Waggon or other Carriage in which the Dame shall be feat; ubri said Ticket, being thus made complete, and Metage paid, kUk delivered unaltered by the Labouring Coal Meter, countn^ssg the same without Delay to the Carman or Person employed to art, cany, drive or lead the Coals described in such Ticket, to tkPar* chafer or Consumer therein named, which said Ticket unaltered, tk said Carman or Person therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals in such Ticket described, shall and be it hereby required to deliver to the respective Consumers or Pnrcha&n thorn named, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive tk Coals described in such Ticket for the Uie of such Pnchafo*

ConfuDff,

i

56*GEO.IIL

Cnt

749

Consumer, and thereupon he, (he or they is and are hereby required to .

pay to the Seller named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specified,

and if the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning such Ticket shall Labouring Me-

after Payment or Tender of the Metage charged in pursuance of this ter refuGng to

Ad, refuse to deliver such Ticket as hereinbefore directed to the deliver Ticket to

Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals Carrnao'

therein described, such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if Penalty.

such Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Carman not ds-

Coals described in such Ticket, shall, after the same Ticket shall

have been so delivered to him by the Labouring Coal Meter coun- to urc

terfigning the same, either alter or neglect, or refuse to deliver the

same Ticket to the Purchaser or Container therein named, or to the

Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in

such Ticket, such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead or drive

the Coals described in such Ticket, shall forfeit and pay, for every pena]Cy.

such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Whaifingers Dealer in Coals shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or cause to be giving Bribes to given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meter MeUrl*

or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Metage of ,

Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal or La- Me^rs isetir-bouring Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed pursuant to verinTfclfr this Act, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a false or counterfeited Tickets. Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman or other Person,

with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by the Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, or if such Principal Land or Labouring Coal Meter Ih&ll, willingiy permit or suffer to be made false Measure of any Coals, or shall deliver a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall have not seen measured, or shall countersign any Vender's Ticket for any Coals, without having inspected such Coals, or without feeing and taking Care that the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been firfk completely emptied out of and loaded from such particular Room or Rooms so fold, then and in every such case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever Serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Meter. Penalty.

XXV. And

C. xxL

56° GEO. III.

Vender not delivering a Meter'* Ticket with Wharf Measure Coals.

Penalty.

Sack* to be foiled and

Dimensions of socks.

Vender, fcc. using Sacks not sealed, Icc. and not of proper 'Dhneniioftt.

Penalty.

Proviso.

Meter permitting Sacks to be used of too small Dimensions.

XXV. And be it farther sanded, That if any Quantity erer of Coals exceeding Eight Bushels fold, or to be ibid, as asd Wharf Measure, shall be sent or driven in any Cart, Waggee other Carriage, or carried by Gang Labour, from any Wk Warehouse or Place, situate within the Limiu of this Act, wkbdl haring been measured by such Bufttel Meafare at it directed rod If scribed by the said recited Act, or without such Meter's Ticket I aforesaid so signed and countersigned as aforesaid haring ben ki obtained, or if such Ticket as aforesaid shall not be defivcnd to til Purcfyafer or Purchasers of any such Coals, before any Pwtof Wh Coals are (hot or delivered upon the Premiles of such Pnrdafcr nt Purchasers, then and in every such case the Vender or Vestal 4 such Coals shall, for every inch Offence, forfeit and pay wsj $m not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Sack shall be soh use of in the Delivery of Coals from any Ship, Veffd, Light*, fingv or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place vr£m the said Port of London, or within the said respediee Odes of Lm» don and Weshntnfter^ or the respective Liberties thereof, or with* such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Mtddkje* Surrey, Kent and EJfexy as is or are situate within the Difbaoesf Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, except such Sad til be made of Linen, and shall have been first sealed and auribed mtb White Paint in Oil, at Guildhall, London, or at the £idba|oer Office, Westminster, by the proper Officer there, sad Ad at the time of making use of such Sack measure in the Ln&fe tbtxeof it least Four Feet and Two Inches in Length, by Two Fed mb Ok Inch in Breadth; and no Sack shall be lealed or marked which til not, at the time of the marking or sealing thereof, measure in the In-fide thereof Four Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Inches in Breadth; and if any Vender or Vender* or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, Sufi use, or cause to be used, any Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Cods within the several and respective Cities, Liberties and Parts afbrc&d, not sealed or marked as aforesaid, or of less Length at the tint of using the same than Four Feet and Two Inches at the lease the Inside thereof, or of less Breadth than Two Feet and One loch at the least, in the Inside thereof, then and in every such case every such Vender of, or Dealer in or Carrier of Coals, mail for every inch Sack so unmarked, or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit mi pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less this Tweetf Shillings; and the Justice or Just ices before whom such Cosv&ot shall take place shall cause every such Sack found unmarked or de£» cient, either in Length or Breadth, to be destroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be delivered by Gang Labour may be m* veyed without the Use of such Sacks; any thing herds cosflti

to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it farther enacted, That if any LahonmgCul Meter to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall use, or kaowtif permit or fuller any Sack or Sacks to be made use of so»pieafuring or carrying of Coals, of less Dimensions than such Sich as are directed to be used for that Purpose by this Act, it wf ^Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, then and ip ever

fed

A.D. 1316,

55 GEO. III.

C.xxi.

751

r such case every such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such; Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Buihel shall be.kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurement of any Coals fold, within the said Port of Londoni, or within the said respedbve Cities of j London and West minder, or the respective Liberties thereof, or

within such Part or rails of the said respective Counties of Middle-r /ex, Surrey, Kent and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance f of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which ! shall not be such Bushel as is described in and by an Act made

in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, t intituled An Act for the speedy and effectual preserving of the Na-. vigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for afeeir-taining the Coal Measure, and which shall not nave been fird damped

or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Westmin-

Jler, or at the Guildhall London, previously to the same being so kept or used, and that every such Buihel, previously to being so damped

k' or marked, shall be fitted for Work and -Ufe with Iron or Copper r Hoops, and shall be so damped or marked with a Steel Indrument; on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every such Bushel: shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in " making use of such Bushel all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such 1 Buihel in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Bushel to be the Extre-: mity of the Base of such Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of; Coals shall confid of Thirty fix of such Buihels so heaped, and so

in Proportion for any letter Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealersf in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid,

shall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any '* Bushel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Bushel ? as aforesaid, and so damped as aforesaid, or shall in anywise decrease

or diminish any such Bufiiel damped as aforesaid, or shall permit his, t her or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whom-: soever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealers

in, or Vender or Venders of Coals so offending, shall forfeit and pay'for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty

Pounds; and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or ' Persons acting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make use of in admeasuring of any [ Coals any Bufiiel other than such Bushel as aforesaid damped as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or

Persons whomsoever shall in any manner decrease or diminifii any such Bufiiel damped as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Servant

f or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respectively for every such Offence shall be committed to the House of Correction, by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX. Provided alwayB, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure shall be difiatisfied with the Measurement which Audi have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehouse or

other

Penalty.

What Buihel Measure to rn made use of.

IX Ann. Stat. x. c.17. § 11, ix-To be stamped.

Vender, &c. using Buihel net damped.

Penalty.

Dimioitfiing

Bushel.

Imptifonment.

Venders, &c. of Coals sold as Wharf Measure, if dfflatisfied, may hgve them remsafered.

C. xxL

56* GEO. in.

AJL181

Notice of Delire of Remeafuie-

e for Remea-furement.

Excess of Quimii/.

Penalty.

Carman to carry a Buihel Me*-fore In his Cart.

To be provided by Vender, ficc. Carman not having such BuflieL

Penalty on Carman and Vender. Proviso for Coala carried in Bulk.

other Place of Sale within the Limits of this A 6b, by or ends l Inspection of the Labouring Land Coal Meter ftarioned or aItrad at such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, then and in everyth case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Vender or Veoderu or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before such Coals are fist any fa such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place of Sale, to fend, or ask be sent, to the Office of the Principal Land Coal Meter ford* E ecution of this Act, Notice in Writing, signifying the Defer of foe Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to fair foe Coals remeasured, and then and in such case such Principal Mete or One of the Labouring Meters of or from such Office, (not boa] the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals were onpal roeasured, ) shall within the Space of Two Hours next after fud Nfi tice in Writing left at such Office, attend to remeasure the said Case and shall accordingly remeasure the same. Sack by Sack, by & Buihel Measure, in the Presence of such Vender or Vender* of a Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, or his, her or their Agent or Servant, or Agents or Servants, and for such Remtafaxmest fed Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealer? in Coab (htU pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Principal Coal Meter the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and a ak n shall appear, upon such Remeasurement, that the Cods so renes. sured shall exceed the Quantity for which the same were hid, thn and in such case, if such Excess shall be equal or amosottpsr acred Two Buihels in any Chaldron so remeasured, the Meter wfofed an-fured such Coals (nail for every Buihel so exceeding fad Quaky as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Stuffings together with all the Expences of such Remeasurement.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Canon or Dmu of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with Cosh for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof say asy Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Cm* of Coals from any Ship, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from ary Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within* the said Port of IssJk, or within the said respe6bive Cities of London and Wefinvfn, or the respe6bive Liberties thereof, or within such Part or nru« the respedbive Counties of Middlesexf Kent, Surrey and Eftx % usir I are (ituate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles froea the Rcysf Exchange aforesaid, shall not have placed on some coofpcatf j Part of his Cart, Waggon or Carriage, a perfe6fc Buihel Meairr of the Form, Size or Dimensions, and lo damped or marked si hoes- before dire6bed, (which Measure shall be provided by the Voder Venders, Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of fad Cod} then and in every such case every such Carman or Driver of fad Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, not having such Bu&el Mob so placed therein or thereon, (nail, for every such Offence, fe& and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and the fair or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Caring such Coals, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tstaty Pounds: Provided always, that Coals which shall be carried or a* veyed in Bulk, or in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage bekadf to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, may be lo aninir conveyed without the Carman .being obliged to carry t faW Measure therewith, or any Person or rerfona being subject or I*

753

A. D. 1*16. $6° GEO. III. Cnd.

to any Penalty or Penalties in otfpeft thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders Venders to desc of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf l'*er Tickets of Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or M

from any Wharf, Warehouse or otter Place within the said Port ea u

of London* or within the said respective Cities of London or Wef-minster, or the r^spective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent or EJfen* as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered, a printed Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered,

[ the same Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, shall be (hot or delivered therefrom, and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following ;

VENDER'S TICKET.

B. [Here insert the Name of the Buyer"] Take Noticed

that you are to receive herewith [Here insert the NumberJ

Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, [Here insert the

f*Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, J'Here; 4 insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals >

f*and that by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign

' of King George the Third, the Carman is directed to deliver this

r*Ticket, before he (hoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Wag-

gon, and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by

'*which the Carman is directed to measure gratis (under the Penalty

of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack which

''*the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain

4 Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outside of the Meafdre being the Extremity of the Base thereof. C. Dm

4 [ Here insert the Name of the Vender.] E. F. [Here insert the Name 4 of the Labouring Meter, in case of the Coals being sent from within 4 either of the DistriQs of the fasd rejheffive Offices.] Dated [ Here 4 insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such \ 4 Ticket wasfgnea.]*

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not tlelivet, or cause Vender not <fe-to be delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Pur- liming Ticket, chafers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant of Servants before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Vender or Ven4ers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds 5 and in case the Carman, Driver of or other Person Penalty, attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any |Carl!n*rirno5 fuchwCoals aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall lave been given by xi*kef to Pur-or by the Direction of the Vender, in order to be delivered, to the chafer. Purchaser, shall (having so. first received the same from the Vender or any Person by the Vender's Orders) rtfufe or neglect to deliver such Ticket n aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or 56 Gxo. III. 31 to

C.xxi.

56° GEO. III.

JLDm

Penalty.

Carman required to measure One Sack

gietis in etch Cart

Carman driving Coals away without mcafuring the Sack.

to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of hi Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver or other Person atorehid, fkli, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not accc&g Ta Pounds.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tht dr Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other CarmgtUhvri Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Pimk&ri thereof by the-Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Deafen Sikh Coals, from any Ship, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, orknuy Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the said Port of Luky or within the said respective Cities of London and Wtjkofay or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Pats d the respective Counties of Middlefesc, Surrey, Kent udjE^asaar are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Ronl Exchange aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby dive&d to oeafsfr gratis, if he shall be required so to do, the Coals contra! is acy one of the Sacks contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, which may be chosen by the Purchaser orrurdufen of tk said Coals, or his or their Servant or Servants, or other Pafa or Persons ailing on the behalf of such Purchaser or PordBin, ri such Bushel Measure as aforesaid, in order that such Purchaser cr Purchasers may be better enabled to judge of the Neoefor of having the whole of such Coals remeanired in mam»$red«ik this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if oy Canoe or Driver of any Cart or Waggon or other Carriage ladoiahCoi for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Pordafaktk Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in fuchCoak, foc* Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or firomaiyWbi Warehouse or other Place within the said Port of Loader or da: the said respective Cities of London and 1Veftmlnfiery or tk rdpett* Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the (jud rdpecbtc

Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and Essex, as is or ire utuztr within the Diilance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Eick? aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to measure by the said Bushel Mo* sure, such Sacks of Coals in manner herein directed, whratkrara required by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or by & Tier or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Wok by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers to he measured, or if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or p* mit or fuflfer the said Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be dwe away without tneafuring in manner herein directed the hid fed* Corns, or shall hinder, obstruct or otherwise prevent the Pmckfr or. Purchasers of such Coals, or his, her or their Servant or Sena or any other Person or Persons whomsoever from meafunog&ki Bushel Measure, or all or any Sack or Sacks in such ha Ofc Waggon or other Carriage, then and in every such case hot & Carman or Driver so offending shall, for every such Offence, 'Ms Penalty on Car- and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds norkfsttafa man^and on Pounds; and the Vender or Venders of, or the Dealer or Deakrss 011 such Coals, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tvcy

Pounds, nor left thia Five Pounds.

xxxiv>

A'D'1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

755

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Pur- Coal* sent by chafer or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall Land Carr,^e be dissatisfied with the Measure of any Coals fold or to be deli- SdSSdCr/he vered within the Limit* of this Act, or of the said recited Act, and purcharcr.7 sent to him, her or them, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage,

shall signify to the Carman, or other Person attending such Cart,

Waggon or other Carnage, his, her or their Delire to have the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals remeasured, then and in every such case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, in which such Coals shall be brought, shall, and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the House, Lodging or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Coals, and the Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, until such Coals are remeasured; and Carm«n driving if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or fpfferway before Re-to be driven away, any such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, be- measurcmenty fore the Coals contained therein shall be remeasured, without the Consent of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and in every such case such Carman or Driver shall, for every (Uch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Pur- Purchasers to t chafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, so desiring such f«nd Notice to 'Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be re-measured, shall, and he, Ihe or they is and are hereby required to fend haveCCoals re-or cause to be sent to the Vender or Venders of the said Coals, or measured.

to his, her or their Wharf, Warehouse or Place of Abode, Notice in

Writing that the said Coals are to be remeasured, and such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall, and he,

she or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in

Writing to any One of the Offices of the said Principal Land Coal

Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the Offices

of the Principal Land Coal Meters appointed by virtue of the said

recited Act, of his, her or their Delire to have such Coals remea-

sured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Labouring MeJ

Meters appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited ter to attend. k

Ad, (not being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals

were originally measured, ) shall within the Space of Two Hours

rent after such Notice in Writing, left at the Office of any such

Principal Land Coal Meter aforesaid, attend from such Office where

such Notice shall be fb left at the House, Lodgings or other Premises

of such Purchaser or Purchasers as shall be expressed in such Notice,

for the Purpose of reroeafuring the said Coals, and shall accordingly

remeasure the same in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, and

Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her or their

Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them shall

attend to fee the same remeasured; and in case such Vender or Vender or Par-

Venders, or Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Agent or cha(5rnota

Serrant. Agents or Servants, shall not attend for the Purpose of feeing such Coals so remeasured, then such Meter shall proceed on pr(^<iy the measuring of such Coals in his, her or their Absence, and such -, '

Meter shall, arid he is hereby required, at the Option of the Pur-ebafer or Purchasers of such Coals, to remeasure such Coals either by the distinct Sacks, fp as to ascertain the Contents of eafh par-

3 C 2 ticular

C.xxi.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.M

fee for Remea-furemeoc.

If Deficiency appear.

Penalty on Vender*

Penalty on Vender.

Penalty on Meter.

Penalty on Coal Porters.

Penalty on Vender in proportion to Defi-c«ency.

How far no Re-tucalurcment if enore than One hack thou

ticular Sack of such Coals which shall remain in such Cart, % gon or other Carriage, or else to remeasure such Coals in such naira and so aa to afcertaui the vthole Quantity of such Coals cootabed all the Sacks taken together, and in case the Purchaser or Purciaf< of such Coals shall not either before or immediately upon the Ami of such Meter signify or cau(e to be signified to such Meter bs.their Option or Desire as to which of the said Two Ways he or & would wish such Remeasurement to be taken or made in, then»in every such case such Meter shall proceed to remeasure feckCotJ in such manner, and so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of fee Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and for such R< measurement such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay, or canfe to b paid, to the Principal Land Coal Meter or Coal Meters of ad free the Office to which Notice shall have been sent as afbteU, Sir pence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and m case, ope; the Remeasurement of any such Coals which shall be so rsaeafumi as to ascertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, i: ftzD appear to the Meter so remeasuring the same, that any Sack or Sodu of such Coals shall not contain Three Buffiels, then and a my such case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall for every Sack of Coals that shall he so found deficient on such Remeafaement forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; md a cafo upon the Remeasurement of any fuen Coala as aforeuid «W /btf be remeasured in such manner as to ascertain the whefoQnacifTtf such Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the im tod tar

been, sent taken together, it shall appear to such Meter ndorebd that' the Coals thus remeasured do not amount to the Qontti k which they were fold, then if such lad mentioned Coals ftuB tat been sold as and for Wharf Measure, the Vender or Vesden of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and also forfeit every CUdmo Coals so found deficient or wanting in Measure to and for the 11 of the Poor of the Parish where such Coals shall befereonft and the Labouring Meter under whole Infoe&km the Cask first measured shall, for every Buffiel so deficient, forfeit and the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and the Coal Porters who (foil ba first measured such Coals for the Vender or Venders thereof dull I every Bushel of Coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ti Shillings and Sixpence; hut if any such Coals so remeifared c i manner last mentioned, and so found to amount to left dm tj Quantity for which the same were fold shall have been fold ai sad k Pool Measure, then the Vender or Venders of such Cosh fciS. I case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Buffiels, and not exceed Td Bufiiels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, and pay for every Buffiel of Coals so found deficieat in ere?»Five Chaldrons and One V at the Sum of Forty Shittangs^ case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bu&efe»any Five Oddmi and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such cale such Vh& l Venders of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Seal Five Pounds: Provided neverthelefa, that no such Cosh so fold s sent shall be remeasured so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of (f Coals taken together, after more than One Sack of fuchGoak^ have been (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Cl

It1

56 GEO. III.

C.x».

7B7

riage into or upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithifcahding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Remea-furement of any Coals fold and sent as and for Pool Measure by any Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, and which Remeasurement shall have been made in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, the Coals so remeasured shall be found to be less or more than at the Rate of Three Bushels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks specified in the Vender's Ticket of such Coals, then the Meter who countersigned such Vender's Ticket of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency or Excess shall exceed Four Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of such Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every such Buihel so exceeding or so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the sum of Twenty Shillings.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be so made so as to ascertain the whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks sent taken together, of any such Coals fold and sent as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, the whole of such Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals; and if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be made so as to ascertain the Quantity contained in each and every of the particular Backs sent, of any Coals sold as and for Wharf or Pool Measure it shall be found'that One fourth Part or more of the Nunv ber of the Sacks of such Coals fold and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bushels each respectively, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of the Remeasurement thereof; but if the Number of such particular Sacks so found deficient shall not amount to One fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of such Coals so fold and sent, then and in such case such Expences shall (be paid and borne by the Pur* chafer or Purchasers of such Coals.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any such Notice as by this Act directed shall have been given by or on the behalf of any Purchaser or Purchasers, at any of the said Principal Land Meter's Offices, appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, requiring the Attendance of any Meter from any of such Offices, for the Purpose of remeasuring any Coals, fold either for Wharf or Pool Measure, then, and in every such case, the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being at any of such respective Office or Offices, where such Notice shall have been given or sent, is and are hereby authorised and .required to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters, from his or their Office or refppdive Offices, for the Purpose of making the Remeasurement, and such respective Labouring Meters, or Labouring Meter shall, and are, and is hereby required and authorized to remeasure any such Coals which they or be shall be so sent to remeasure, whether the Purchaser or Purchasers

3C 3 of

In case of any Coals fold for Pool Measure proving deficient on such Reroea-furement.

Penalty on Meter.

By whom the Expences of such Remeasurement are to be paid.

Principal Meters not fending a Labouring Meter to measure the Coals.

Upon Notice,

or Labouring Meter not attending.

Penalty. Purchaser ob-

ft ruling Re-tneal'urement.

Penalty.

Carmen to be paid for being kept.

Regulations as to Coals sold by Weight.

'Labouring Meter to attend the weighing, Sec.

fn what case Meter to coun* terfign Ticket.

C.xxi. 58° GEO. III. A.D. m

of such Coals shall, or not, be desirous of having such Remetfe*. ment proceeded in, any thing therein contained to the contrary & withfUnding; and if any such Principal Land Coal Meter or M&n, appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, after having received any such Notice as aforesaid, shall neglect or rtf&, within the Space of Two Honrs after the Receipt of such Noocr, to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters to t)te House, LodgK£ cr other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchafert accordingly; cr if any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters shall refuse or neghd a remeasure such Coals, then, and in every such case, any such Fri: -dpal Land Coal Meter or Meters, and Labouring Land Coil Meter or Meters, so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit ea pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any such Psrrker or Purchasers, or any other Person or Persons, shall pirrenr, ob* ftruft or interrupt, or attempt to prevent auy such Reneafare&rct being proceeded in and made by such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters, sent by any such Principal Land Coal Meter or Metos a ca> Sequence of any such Notice, then, and in every such case, facb Pjt-chafer or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons, so offending, hi for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tee Pounds.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, TLx when and as often as any Cart, Waggon or other Canine fail be flopped or detained for the Purpose or under Pretence ot rwfaa-furing the Coals, or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of fiery feci Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be entitled totfeeSsnef Three Shulmgs per Hour, for every Hour the Cart shall he fc k* tained, and so in proportion for any Fraction of an Hour owr ail above the usual Cartage of such Coals, which Three Shillings fer Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals, in case the feet or any Part thereof mail upon the Remeasurement thereof be fboad deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of such Coals, in afe the same shall not be remeasured, or shall upon such Remeaftuenat be i found io amount to the Quantity for which such Coals wot {old.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Coals which Hull be sold by Weight, at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place vid-i the Limits of this Act, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggon or I other Carriage to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall be sold j or weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weight csi- I fitting of One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupoife Weigh, and Twenty such Hundred Weight shall be and be deemed and ufcra to be One Ton; and all such Coals so to be sold shall bewugi*J j and loaded at such Wharf or Warehouse or other Place of Sale, j the Presence of One of the Labouring Land Meters to be aroeerrf pursuant to this Act, and such Labouring Meter is hereby autMord and required to superintend and inspect the weighing and loadugcf all such Coals so sold by the Weight, m order that loch Meter ray fee and be satisfied that in every such loading the full Weigh & Coals is actually given, which shall be expreifed in the Vender's Ticket, and such Meter may refuse to counterfoil the Vender's I Ticket of any such Coals, in case such Meter shall not fee tte tie 1 full and proper Weight shall be given, according to the QaBtay which shall be expreifed in such Vender's Ticket, but such Mw shall, and he is hereby required to counterfigu the same, in case tie

pup*

56° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

759

proper Weight* shall be given according to such Quantity of* Coals expressed in such Vender's Ticket; and for such Inspection of such Coals so sold by Weight there shall be paid by the Vender or Vend* era thereof, or by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Ware-hotife or other Place from whence such Coals shall be sent, to the principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act,

Sixpence for every Ton of Coals so weighed under the Meter's In-. pee to Principal fpeftion, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than Meter.

One Ton, and such Sum of Money shall be repaid to such Vender or Venders by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders Vender'* Ticket of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals so sold by Weight within the, to be sent with Limits of this Act, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Pur- by

chafer or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her or their Servant or Ser- Welg t# vants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloacted, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following; that is to say,

^' [Here insert the Name of the 1Buyer.'] Take Notice,

4 That you are to receive herewith I Here insert the Number]

4 Tons [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, for inspecting which

Coals you are, in conformity to an Act of Parliament made in the

Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to repay

me the undersigned [Here insert the Name of the Seller] the Sum 4 of [Here insert the Amount of the JnJjbe8ion Charge] being at and

after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold to and to be 4 received by you herewith.*

(Signed) C. D. [Here insert the Name of the Seller.1

(Counterfigned) E. F, [Here insert the Name of the Meter, ]

And in case such Vender or Venders do not deliver, or cause to be Vender not de-delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid, and so countersigned by a Meter Uvering Ticket, as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals are unloacted, every such Vender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Penalty. Carman, Driver of or other Penon attending any such Cart, Wag- Carman not gon or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals to whom any such del£er, r'?}.*me Ticket shall have been given by or* by the Orders of the Vender, 10 urc a cr* in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so firil re- ceived the same from the Vender or any Person by the Direction of the Vender) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be unloaded* such Carman, Driver or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. i Penalty.

XL 11. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all .Coal's Coal* to be told whatsoever fold within the Limits of this Act, save and except only either by such Coals as shall be sold by Weight in manner aforesaid, shall be Weight, or by fold either by the Chaldron, such Chaldron to consist of Thirty fix

of such Bushels so heaped up as aforesaid, or else by such Bushel as u aforesaid, or by the Half Bushel, Peck or Half Peck, provided such fmaUer Measure shall be Some aliquot Part of such Bushel Measure, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

3 C 4 XLIII. Pro-

760

C.xxL

36* GEO. ILL

A.D.M6.

The'faring up of different Sort* of Coals in a Ware-house not to be prevented, provided such Sorts be kept in dif-ferern Pareels, Jce.

Vender, ice. felling say undue Measure such Coals.

Penalty.

Provisions re* fpeding Coal Sheds or Ware* house* where Coals are fold in Quantities not exceeding H If Chaldron.

Mining Cuds.

IVovifa

Proviso fur the Sale of Coals already mixed.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it furtbet enacted, Thatnotbaf contained in the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, Audi extend or be taba or construed to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any fndi Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals within the Limits of tks A ft, from laying or (taring up for Sale in any Warehouse or Repository, or other convenient Place, any Quantities whatsoever of CoA of as many Sorts, Names or Descriptions as he, (he or tby faD respectively think fit, provided such different Sorts, Names or De» fenptions of Coals he respectively laid and kept in such Wsrtbonfc or other Repository in fep&rate and distinct Pareels, and whofir sa-mixed; and provided no such Coals he sold by any other than Wkrf Measure, or without the true Name or Names of every or any of fifth Sorts of such Coals as shall be sold and sent from any fseb Warn* house or other Repository being expressed in the Vender's Ticket to he sent therewith to any Purchaser or Purchasers; and if any foeh Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fhaS feB vesufe to he sold by any other than by Wharf Measure any Cork out of any such Warehouse or other Repository in which Two or more different Sorts of Coals may he stored or deposited, or shall not mkxt or cause to he inserted in the Vender's Ticket to be fat with fodi Coals the true Name or Names of each and every Soil of fsdCoak as shall be sent from or out of any such Warehouse, Repofiftxy or other Place, to any Purchaser or Purchasers, then, and a every oca case, every such Vender or Dealer so offending, shall, fernery (kb Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty ?*&» I

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tfatwrimg contained in the said recited Act of the Forty seventk Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, shall extend, or be ocs> (trued to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any Vender or Voder* of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals within the Limits of this Act, who shall keep any Coal Shed, Shop or Warehouse, where Cosh fell be j fold in Quantities not mater than Half a Chaldron, and where no Coals shall ever he fold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chl* j dron, from mixing or heaping up together, or causing to be miied or heaped up together in such Sued, Shop or Warehouse, aay Qua- I tity or Quantities whatsoever, of any and as many different Sorts, 'Names, or Descriptions of Coals, as he, (he or they, shall lefpe&hcfr j think fit, or from felling or causing to* he fold, such Coals when Jo mixed: Provided nevertheless, that such Coals, when so mixed, fk] be sold as, for and by the Name of 4 Mixed Coals, 9 and fhaO not be sold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, nor AaBbefefe at any other Place than at the Shop, Shed or Warehouse, what tbr lame shall have been so mixed.

XJLV. Provided also, and he it further enafied, Thit aotfcg contained in the said recited Act of the Forty feveoth Yetrsfde Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, shall extend, or be «* ftrued to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any Vender or Voder* of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals within the Limits of tbs Ad* from felling or causing to be sold, any Mixed Coals whitfeewt, which Ihrfl have been mixed at any time before the First Dsj of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: Provided severtWefe Chat such Coals shall be sold as, and for, and shall be deferibedatk

Ve*ri

56° GEO. III.

C.xxL

751

such case every such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bushel shall be kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurement of any Coals fold within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey f Kent and Essex) as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which shall not be such Bushel as is described in and bj an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the ffeedy and effectual preftrving of the Navigation of the River of Tnames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for afeer-Saining the Coal Measure, and which shall not have been fira stamped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Westminster, or at the Guildhall London % previoudy to the same being so kept or used, and that every such Bu(nel, previoudy to being so stamped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper Hoops, and shall be so stamped or marked with a Steel Instrument on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every such Bushel shall be Jtept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of such Bushel all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such Bushel in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Bushel to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of Coals shall consist of Thirty fix of such Bushels so heaped, and so in Proportion for any lefTer Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, shall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Bushel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Bushel as aforesaid, and so damped as aforesaid, or shall in anywise decrease or diminish any such Bushel damped as aforesaid, or shall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make use of in admeasuring of any Coals any Bushel other than such Bushel as aforesaid damped as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever shall in any manner decrease or diminish any such Bushel damped as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respectively for every such Offence shall be committed to the House of Correction, by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals (old as and for Wharf Measure shall be dissatisfied with the Measurement which flutll have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehouse or

other

Penalty.

What Bushel Measure to re made use of.

ia Ann. Stat. 3. c.17. \ 11, si. To be damped.

Vender, &e. using Bushel act damped.

Penalty.

Diminishing

BusheL

Imprisonmenu

Venders, Ac of Coals sold as Wharf Measure, if dfflatitfied, may hgre them remeafortd.

56° GEO. III,

AJXK16.

Cxxi.

Certiorai.

Summoning

Witnesses.

Witnef* not

appearing.

Penalty.

Witnef* refuting to be front, fcc.

Imprisonment.

Perjury.

Penalties above Twenty Pounds how to be re* covered.

quashed or vacated for waat of Form only, or be removed if

Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of Ha Majesty's Courts of Record at JVcftmiufler or elsewhere, any Laf or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandng.

XLVTII. And be it further enacted, That it fhaD and my It lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures shall be foed far, tv summon before him or them any Person or Persons who shall oar by the Complaint or Information made to him or them appeartoka necessary Witness as to the Matters thereby charged, to appor before mm or them at a time and Place to be fpedfied in the Summons, and in case such Person so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, then upon due Proof of the Service cf fad Summons in manner aforesaid, such Person so fununooed and ocf appearing in Compliance therewith, shall forfeit and pay the Sea of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manaer ad by such Ways and Means as is hereinfore directed as to other Ptuse; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Jsftkn to cause such Person to be apprehended by Warrant, under tie Had and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, and to be brought before him or them, and thereupon, whether such Perin shall appear upon Summons as aforesaid, or shall he apprehended as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may proceed to exaaise him or her upon Oath, as to the Matter of such Coophk or Is-formation, and in case such Person shall refuse to be fan or to answer, or to give Evidence therein, then and in every tach die it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, bystreet under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to conak tosh Person so refuting to be sworn, or to answer or to give Evidence u aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Corredhoa of the City, County or Place in or for which such Justice or Justices shall tten act, there to remain for any Space of time not exoeedng Three Calendar Months.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Pains upon his, her or their Examination upon Oath, before aay Justice « Justices of the Peace, acting in Execution of this Act, shall wftfuSy and corruptly give faife Evidence, touching any matter or (bag re. Uting to this A A, or if any Person or Persons shall take or auk any faife Oath or Affidavit, with respect to any matter ur dkg relating to this Act, every such Person so offending, and being <k> con vidted thereof, shall be, and is hereby declared to be failed acd liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law in Force ad Effect Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subjea id liable to.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by this Act k-posed for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, kU and may be recovered by A diion of Debt, BiU, Plaint or bkf& ation, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wtfiuftu wherein no Effoin, Protedbion, Wftger of Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by the Person or Persons who fhid inform and sue for the same within Three Calendar Months after tk Offence or Offences shall be committed, and One Moiety of a21 fcch Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures Hull be to and for the Use of Hi

Mtftfr,

753

A. 0.1316. 66°GEO. III. C.xsi

I

I

)

to any Penalty or Penalties in oefpeft thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders Venden to d*. of* or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf Tickets of

Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or Sk-r2r f from any Wharf, Warehouse or otter Place within the said Port ea u

of London, or within the said respective Cities of London or West* minster, or the r$spective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent or EJfejc, as is or are Situate within the Didance of Twenty She Miles from ths Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered, a printed Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered, the same Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be Shot or delivered therefrom, and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following:

VENDER'S TICKET.

M .. A. B. [Here insert the Name of the Buyer] Take Notice^

that you are to receive herewith [Here insert the Number]

4 Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, [Here insert the 4 Number1 Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, [ Here 4 insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals )

4 and that by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign 4 of King George the Third, the Carman is directed to deliver this 4 Ticket, before he Shoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Waggon, and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by 4 which the Carman is directed to measure gratis (under the Penalty 4 of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack which 4 the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain

Three Buihels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the OutSide of the Nfeafdre being the Extremity of the Base thereof. C. Dm 4 £ Here insert the Name of the Vender.] E. F. [Here insert the Name 4 of the Labouring Meter, in case of the Coals beingfent from within 4 either of the DifriQs of the said rejheffive Offices.] Dated [Here 4 insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such 4 Ticket wasfgned.]9

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not deliver, or cause Vender not ie-to be delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Pur- ll?erw* Ticket, chafers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant oj Servants before any Part of such Coals shall be Shot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Vender or Ven4ers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of or other Person Penalty, attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any Carman notde-fucluCoals aforesaid, to wnora such Ticket shall have been given by wCpur. or by the Direction of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the chtfcu Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Vender or any Person by the Vender's Orders) refute or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or 56 Geo. III. 3 C to

76*

Cni — xxtl

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

DonUeCofti.

Act not to alter or repeal 47 G.3. Seffx. c. 64.

Comnenee-neat oi Ad.

Public A ft.

51 G.3.C.195.

53 0.3.C.3*

M G.3. c. 3S.

51G. 3. e. aoe.

made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limbed far hriegsg the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other Comity tbs am aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and uppn such Verdjd* or if the Plaintiff or Piamdfi shall be nonsuited or discontinue nis, her or their Adkm or Sait, after the Defendant or Defendants shall hare appeared, or if upm Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Pbiacfit then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and hare such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defeadst hath for Costs of Suit in other cases by Law.

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing htki Ad contained shall extend, or be ccmftrucd to extend, toreped, dkr or vary any Part or Parts of the said recited Act of the fortr ferenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, bat tire tb said Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Peodtin and Forfeitures therein contained, shall be as good, valid and efeftuJ to all Intent! and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall coroner and take place from and after the First Day of Juut Ore thodaod eight hundred and sixteen.

LVI I. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Ad, and shall be judicially takes Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without beag fpccaUjr pleaded.

Cap. xxii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Tvs Acts of His present Majesty* for construoing an Harbour at PutUret, in Mount's Bay, in the County of Cornwall. [21ft Mey i&tL]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act to enlarge, amend and render more effedoal the Prcri&ou of an Act of His present Majesty, for paving and fighting the Citr of Hereford, and removing Nuisances therein; and for enabling the Corporation of the said City to fell and apply the Produce of certain Messuages and* Lands in establishing Market Places, and otherwise improving the said City. [21ft May 1816/

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of Hi present Majesty, for building a Church in and for the Pr& of Newrjt in the Counties of Down and Armagh.

*2lft JVfwy 1816.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for paving, lighting, deanfing and otherwise impro?iagtk Town of Weji Co<wes9 in the Isle of Wight, in the Comrd Southampton; and for establithing a Market within the fadTwa-

[21ft

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for paving and improving the Footways, and for cleaafag* lighting and watching the Streets and other Public Pillages £<? Places in the Town of Mellsham, in the County of Wiks.

[aill May 1816.j

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III. C.xxL 7*5

; 4 same remeasured by the Bushel Measure, provided you imme-1 4 diately, and before any more of the Coals than One Sack shall >

: 4 be (hot or delivered from the Cart, Waggon or Carriage in which

> 4 the same are brought, fend Notice in Writing of your Desire to

4 have the same remeasured to any of the Land Coal Meters' Offices ' 4 appointed by or by virtue of the said Act of the Forty seventh

4 Year, or the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of

4 King George the Third, also to the Vender or Venders of such e 4 Coals. C. D* \Hcre insert the Name of the Vender\ £ F. \_Here

4 insert the Name of the Meter, and the Office and Place where the i 4 Office is floated'}* Dated [Here insert the Day of the Months and i 4 the Month and Year when such Ticket was fgnedi9}

And in case such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Vender not He-

Coals, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as afore- liveriflS Ticket said, and so countersigned by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchaser 10 P"* or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from

; such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any such Coal9 as aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Vender or Venders.shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

: Ten Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver or other Person at- Carman not detending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any such liverinS Ticket.

: Coals as aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been given, by or by the Directions of the Vender or Venders, in order to be delivered: to the Purchaser, shall (having first received the lame from the Ven-, der or Venders, or any Person by the Order of the Vender or Ven-i ders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver or other Person aforesaid so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

' and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, What Sum of or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals, sold as and for Pool Measure, and M°ne75°* sent in.any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage from any Wharf, for infoediVc Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Act, or any Coals sold by*Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, and delivered by Gang Labour Pool Measure. from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Meter shall

be stationed, situate within such Limits; or the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, from or over which any such Coals shall be so sent, shall and such Vender or Venders, Dealer pr Dealers, or Occupier or Occupiers is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal Meter for the Execution of this Act, at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat so bought and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, as and for a Compensation for the Trouble of inspecting or superintending the Loading and fending away such Coals, and such Money shall be repaid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals to the Vender or Venders thereof.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Enabling Pur-herein contained shall extend, or be conffcrued to extend, to hinder or "Jp" prevent any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Coals, sold as and for Measure to have Pool Measure, from fending such Coals to the Premises of such Pur- such Coals deli-chafer or Purchasers, or to any Landing Place which such Purchaser vered without

C. xzxvi — xiii.

56s GEO. I£L

AD.M6

*7 G. o. c. il. 7 G. 3. c. 90. 34 Gw 3. c.91. ^tinned for5 Years, flic.

6 O. x. c. 7.

7 G.a. c.5.

9 G. 3. c.57. continued ai Years, &c. after Expiration of 35 G. 3. c.4».

ZS G.3. c. 77. 36 G.3. c.33. 45 G.3. c. 7a. so for as not herein repealed to remain.

J>P-3C*77. N4 Gv^. c. 170.

Ctf/. xxxvi.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of feed Acts for imposing and continuing a Duty of Two Pennies &&, or the Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling* upon every Scots Pei of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sate* brougot into, tapped or fold within the Town of Borrowfiownnefs and Liberties thereof in the County of Linlithgow* and for extending the same oier the Parish of Borrowftownneft; for repairing the Harboor of tie fud Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[31ft Afjy 1816.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of fereral Acts for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots* or One filth Fsrt cf 1 Penny Sterling* upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof; for fop-plying the said Town with Fresh Water; and for other Parpofo: therein mentioned. [31ft Mej i$i6.j

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for amending several Acts of His present Majestr* for improving the Drainage of the Middle and Sooth Leeds, Art of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level* ud other Lab therein mentioned; and for improving the Navigates of the Rim Ouze* in the County of Norfolk* and of the ieiriilmn communicating therewith. [31! Moj Ai6.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for building a new Parish Church and a Parochial Cfepd in the Parish of Saint Pancras* in the County of MuUkfix, and for other Purposes relating thereto. [31ft Mej 1816.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in the ftrifo of Huddersfield* in the Weil Riding of the County of York.

[31ft Me) 1816.]

Cap. xli.

An Act to enahie the Lord Provost, Magistrates and Comal of tk City of Edinburgh to carry into effect certain Purposes is regard to the Erection of a Chapel at the West End of Pmee't Stmt, and for effecting certain Improvements in the Neighbourhood

thereof* and in other Parts of the extended Royalty of tk fed City. [giftJKyrit&i

Cap. xln.

Air Act to alter and amend Two Acts of the Fifty third aid Fifty fourth Years of His present Majesty* for erecting and mautang a new Gaol and other Buildings for the County and City of £&-burgh s and to alter and amend Two Acts of the Forty third «cd Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty* in regard to theSttcte Labour of the Middle District of the said County.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO- III.

C.ni.

747

measured; and in case it shall appear upon the Remeasurement of such Coals by such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter, as shall attend for die Purpose of remeasuring of such Coals, that such Coals do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then and in every such case, if such Coals have been sold as and for Pool Measure, the Vender of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and not exceed Ten Btifhela in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such case such Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; but in case any such Coals so remeasured and found deficient shall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Measure, then and in such case the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel so found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act, and of the said recited Act, so remeasuring, shall be paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so re-measured by him, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron, and if upon any such Remeasurement the whole of the Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then and in fuen case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in tafe such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, pay the Expences of fuen Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bnfliel, then and in such case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be con ft rued to extend, to require any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure to be measured by the Bushel Measure previously to such Coals being loaded and sent away in any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage form the Vender's Wharf or Place of Sale, unless by the Desire of the Purchaser of any such Coals.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold or loaded to be sold as and for Wharf Measure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Bushels, at or from any Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, shall be measured in the Presence of One of the said Labouring Coal Meters to be appointed by virtue of this Act, by the Bushel Measure heaped up as by this Act is directed, and the said Labouring Coal Meters, and every of them, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bushel or Bushels of any such Coals as shall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons To vending or contrafting for the Sale of the fiud Coals, or so loading any fuen Coals for Sale.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Labouring Coal Meter shall wittingly or willingly fuller any Coals exceeding

Eight

If Deficiency appear, Penalty in Proportion.

By whom Ex-pencei of R*. measurement are to be paid.

Coals sold by Pool Measure not to be measured by Bushel, unless at Desire of Purchaser.

Coals sold by Wharf Measure to be measured in the Presence of a Land Coal Meter.

Meters suffering Wharf Measure Coals to be sent

C. ii — lvu.

5SAGEO.IIL

A-D.Uie;

13 G* x.

21 G.2.C.20. 12 G. 3. C. 110. 27 G*3» c. 73.

xi G.i. c. 10.

9 G.i.C'9* id €>. 3- «3-

30 G. 3*c*°3«

31 G.3.c.9^* repented,

25 G. 2. c. 22, ao O.a.c.93. 2SG.3.C.X12.

lO, 3.&59.

22 te 23 Car. 2. c.2. repeated at respedsihe Amount of the Sum paid by Bate.

40 G. 3t (I.) ju to making the Rates repealed.

Cap. li*

An Act for enlarging the Term and Power* of ficmal Act, Ink as the same relate to the Road* from Birmingham throagk IVtdncfbury, to High Bulien, and other Road* therein oeataod, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Siafird.

[31ft Mtj 181$.]

Cap. lu«

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from B'tQkfodt to Aleonbury Hill, and other Road* therein mentioned, a the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon (a) [31ft Mej 1816.]

Cap lui*

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and edugnf the Power* of several AA* passed Tor repairing the Roach fron Sbrewsbury through EUefmere in the County of Safy, and Overton in the County of Flint, to Wrexham in the Comity of Denbigh, and other Roads in the said A As mentioned, so hr a relates to the EUefmere DistriA of the said Road*. (4.)

[31k Maj rSi6.j

[.Additional Trufiees. Former Tolls to cease, mew Tebs greed]

Cap. liv.

An Act to amend an Act of the Second Year A Ha priest Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of debar of the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Wfm$gr % and another Act of the First Year of King James the Stand, for ercAing the said Parish. [20th Jw 1816.]

Cap. Iv.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Year* of the Reign of Ha Majdy King Charles the Second, for making the Minor of Pens Garden a Parish, and to enable the Parishioners of Seat Senior'; Southwark to raise a Maintenance for Miniftert, and for Repcn of their Church; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[20th Jwu 1816.]

Cap. Ivk

An Act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Sent b*C the Martyr, in Southwark, in the County of Strrtj; isd i other Purpose* relating thereto. [20th Jut iWJ

Cap. lvu*

An Act to explain and amend an Act of Hi* present Mijdy* k paring, cleaning, lighting and otherways improwing the Torn« Belfqft, in the County of Antrim, and for bettor effcdbg^ Purpose*. [2«h/nri8i^

Cf

A.D.ms.

S6tfGEO.IIL

C.xxl

U9

Consumer, and thereupon he, (he or they is and are hereby required to .

pay to the Seller named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specified,

and if the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning such Ticket shall Labouring Me-

after Payment or Tender of the Metage charged in pursuance of this ter refuting to

Act, retufc to deliver such Ticket as hereinbefore directed to the ^1^rickctt0

Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals arman'

therein described, such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if Penalty.

such Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Carman not de-

Coala described in such Ticket, shall, after the same Ticket shall Jjj1

have been so delivered to him by the Labouring Coal Meter coun- c 1

terfigning the same, either alter or neglect, or refuse to deliver the

same Ticket to the Purchaser or Conlumer therein named, or to the

Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in

such Ticket, such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead or drive

the Coals described in such Ticket, shall forfeit and pay, for every penajty.

such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Whaifingers Dealer in Coals shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or cause to be giving Bribei to given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meter Meters.

or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Metage of Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Smiling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal or La- Meters rtctiv-bouring Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed pursuant to

this Act, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a false or counterfeited Ticket*. Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman or other Person, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall take or receive from aay Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals sold by the Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Corns sold by Weight, or if such Principal Land or Labouring Coal Meter (hallawiUingly permit or suffer to be made false Measure of any Coals, or shall deliver, a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall have not seen measured, or (nail countersign any Vender's Ticket for any Coals, without having inspected such Coals, or without feeing and taking Care that the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been firfb completely emptied out of and loaded from such particular Room or, '

Rooms so fold, then and in every such case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Meter. Penalty.

XXV. And

£lxiiL

£8° GEO. III.

4JX1U&

j3 0.3.c. 1^4.

550.3. «. 184.

(u.

repealed.

Power to stop up Pert of Narrow Wall.

in veiled the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling in the Par 1 chafes of Reduced Bank Annuities, in the Names of the Trusta 4 mentioned in the said stated Ad: And Whereas an Act wa

passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of Hit pnk 4 Majesty, intituled Am A3 for altering, enlarging and tsin&ti k 4 Powers of an Act of His present Mqjefy* for bml£nf a Briip 4 over tie River Thames, at tie PrecinS of the Savoy, «r not lienunto; and making Roads and Avenues to eommuuicaig tbtmtib, k

tie Counties g/'Middlesex and Surrey: And Whereas the fadCofr

pany have proceeded in the Execution of the (even! Works bjthe ' laid recited Acts authorized, and have completed the Arches of tie 4 said Bridge: And Whereas it is expedient for the Pnroofa of tie 4 said Acts, that Part of a certain Road or Street called Norm 4 Wally near the Abutment of the said Bridge, in the County of 4 Surrey, should be flopped up, and that a more direct Comminbtia

should be made from or near a certain Street or Road called the

Commercial Road lying on the Eastern Side of the intended Road

from the said Bridge, to the Obelisk in Saint Gtorre't in

the said County of Surrey^ to that Part of the said Street or Read

called Narrow Wally which lies on the West era Side of 1 cetaa 4 Mouse, Slaughter House and Yard, in the Occupation of Hauler 4 Everardy by a new Road to be made by the said Ompayfortk

Purpose, and also that the said Company fhonld have ft*er to

4 make an Archway over Part of the said new Road; vditisitfo 4 expedient that some of the Provisions of the said or ok of

them, should be altered and amendedMay it tfendbf? pbfe Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enactedVjThe King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice asd Cori&t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ndnjrioi Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, fd much of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Rdp of His present Majesty as enads, that nothing therein or ia tk fid recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of Hi* puiffit Majesty contained, should extend or be deemed or conftraedtooted to enable the said Company of Proprietors to stop up or obftred tie Way or Street called Narrow Wally in the Parish of Stitt Min Lambethr in the County of Surrey, shall be and the ftme u hetebr repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pt> prietora shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to stop up that Part of the present Road or Way Narrow Wally which lies between the Eastern End of the isstoi new Road by this Act authorized to be made, and the Westerck' or Side of the Premifea belonging to or occupied by Afaw JEverarJ. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall a# or be confirmed to extend to authorize, empower or enable rtt d Company of Proprietors to stop up, obstruct or alter any ftiti$ said Street or Way called Narrow Wall, except only fociArt*1 herein particularly mentioned and specified, and within the L*5 prescribed by this Act, any thing herein contained to the cow! thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided also, that herein contained shall extend or be construed' to extend to enable said Company of Proprietors to stop up that Part of the to^or Way called Narrow Wall, hereinbefore mentioned, wd

la

A. D. 1316.

751

66 GEO- III. C. xxu

such case every such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fire Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bushel shall be kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurement of any Coals fold within the said Port of London, or within the said respe£bve Cities of London and Wefmindert or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and Essex, as is or are situate within the Didance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which shall not be such Bushel as is described iu and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the speedy and ejfectual preferring of the Na-uigation of the River of Thames, by fopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for ascertaining the Coal Measure, and which shall not have been fird damped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Westminster, or at the Guildhall London, previously to the same being so kept or used, and that every such Budiel, previously to being so damped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper Hoops, and shall be so damped or marked with a Steel Indrument on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every such Budiel shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of such Budiel all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such Buffiel in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Budiel to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of Coals shall confid of Thirty fix of such Bushels so heaped, and so in Proportion for any lesser Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, shall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Budiel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Budiel as aforesaid, and so damped as aforesaid, or shall in anywise decrease or diminish any such Budiel damped as aforesaid, or shall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make use of in admeasuring of any Coals any Bushel other than such Budiel as aforesaid damped as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever shall in any manner decrease or diminidi any such Bushel damped as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respectively for every such Offence shall be committed to the House of Correction, by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure shall be dissatisfied with the Measurement which dull have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehouse or

other

Penalty.

What Bushel Measure to re made use of.

ia Ann. Stat. a. c.17. § 11, 10. To be stamped.

Vender, Ac. using Bushel n<X> stamped.

Penalty.

Diminishing

BusheL

Imprisontnent.

Venders, ftc. of Coala sold as Wharf Measure, if dfflatisfied, may hgve them remsafcred.

772

C.bdii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.H1&

Raid to be aside

according co Plan, dec. lodged with the Clerk of the Peace.

Miftaket in Schedule not to affect the Pur-pefes of this Act

Compensation for Buildinga required for New Rood.

and it shall also be lawful for the said Company, and for their Engineer, or Surreyor or Surveyors, and Workmen, from time to tise to enter upon the Lands and Premises through which or whoropn such Road or Alterations is or are intended to be made or pit, and also upon any adjoining Lands or Grounds, and to Me os: such Road or. Aiterations, in such manner as the said Coapmy, or their Engineer or Surveyor, shall think necessary or proper, witboct being deemed a Trefpafler or Trefpaffers, and without being (atjed or liable to any Fine, Penalty or Punishment for entering or css-tin uing upon such Lands or Premises respectively, for uy d it Purposes of this A A; and if any Person shall puQ up, tarn or destroy, any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out U I Road or Aiterations, every Person so offending dull forfeit ad pir for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

V. And Whereas a Map or Plan, and Book of Referac^ dr- feribing and delineating the intended new Road from the Cmuml 4 Road to.Narrow Wall aforesaid, and the Premises oatmed and ' contained in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, hive badeposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said Conntyof Be it therefore further enacted. That the said Map or Phn, and Book of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the lad (H of the Peace, to the end that all Persons intended therm nar a all seasonable times have Liberty to insped and penile tk be, and take Conies or Extrads thereof, at their Wul and Pfcafare, paying to such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One SkEagiorewy such lnfpedion, and after the Rate of Sixpence foreitn Wy two Words of such Copies or Extrads of the said Book oiU-rence; and that the said Company in making the said Rod Mb* deviate more than Five Yards of Three Feet each from the Ibe described in the said Map or Plan, without the Confieot and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Bodies Poke, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Pimifis such Deviation shall be made.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the fad Company shall have full Power and Authority to make and cdba the said Road hereby authorized to be made, and may purchase sod take Possession for the Purposes of the said recited Acts ud thisA& of any of the Lands, Grounds, Housest Buildings, Tenements d Hereditaments set out or mentioned and described in the Odd Fas and Book of Reference, or in the Schedule to this Act annexed, sc: -withstanding the Name or Names of any Person or Perfoos feS* may have been omitted or mistated, or incorre&ly spelt in the hd I Book of Reference or Schedule, in case it shall appear to any T« i or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of frrm, ri be certified by Writing under their Hands that such Error,

or incorreffc Description proceeded from Mifkake.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said CompanybH make Compensation to the Owners and Occupiers of the bd Buildings required to be taken down for the Purpose of maiangthe said New Road herein authorized, in lieu of the bid Pvt of AW Wall to be flopped up, for the Value of such Buildings only; d also for any incidental Damage to be fufbtined by the ukifig d using thereof, in manner diie&ed by the said recited Act«tt Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, in respect of Hosb

66° GEO. III

C< % &

753

to any Penalty or Penalties in trfpeft thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders Vender* to di*> of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf liver Ticket* of Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the said Port ea ure*

of London, or within the said respective Cities of London or Wef- tntnfitr9 or the rqspective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent or Essex, as is or are Situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from tho Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchaser8 thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered, a printed picket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or

1 other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered,

1 the same Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or

Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants* f before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or i other Carriage, shall be (hot or delivered therefrom, and every fu^h

- Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following:

VENDER'S TICKET.

- ! m* B. [Here insert the Name of the Buyer] Take Noticed 4 that you are to receive herewith [Here tnfert the NumberJ Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals, [Here tnfert the

c 4 Number] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals, f Here

. 4 tnfert the Number] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals }

c 4 and that by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign

4 of King George the Third, the Carman is directed to deliver this

; 4 Ticket, before he (hoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Wag-

4 gon, and that a Buftiel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by \ 4 which the Carman is directed to measure gratis (under the Penalty

4 of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack which 4 the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain 1 4 Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outside of

4 the Meafdre being the Extremity of the Base thereof. C, D.

[ 4 [ Here tnfert the Name of the Vender.] E* F. [Here tnfert the Name

4 of the Labouring Meter, in case of the Coals being sent from within ' 4 either of the DtftriQs of the said respeQive Offices.] Dated [ Here

4 tnfert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such 4 Ticket was fgncdjy

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not delives, or cause Vender not r to be delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Pur- llferiD8 Ticket, chafers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant of Servants before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Vender or Venifers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of or other Person Penalty.

attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any Carnwn not fuchwCoals aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall nave been given by Ticket to Pur* or by the Direction of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the chafer, i Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Vender ! or any Person by the Vender's Orders) rtfufe or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or 56 Geo. III. 3 C to

774

ChdiL

Ajm

06° GEO. III.

Company may exchange certain Lands with the Duchy of Cornwall

this Act ill the actual Possession or Occupation of the hid trio*

gular 5lip or Piece of Land, and of the said other Land adjomiij,

4 as also of the said Wharf so respectively purchased of the lad 4 Principal, Fellows and Scholars, and of the said Jokn Hakn 4 Beaufoy, and Thomat James9and Jervoi/e Clerks Jerxuft Efqwe

as aforesaid: And Whereas a Part of the said tmogolv Slip ar 4 Piece of Land will be required for the making and eoaftrotef tie 4 intended New Road mentioned in this A A, from the RoadoSed 1 the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall aforesaid; and it wfl&

4 be convenient and ueceflary that the said Company of IVopritton

should retain a certain other Part of the said triangular Slip, of the Breadth of One hundred and eleven Feet Sii Inches fitn 4 East to West, extending from the North End thereof to the hod 4 intended New Road, from the Commercial Road to Afarrar IW 4 aforesaid, and that the same should be vested in the said Coapasj 4 of Proprietors and their Successors; and the said Coupuy of 4 Proprietors have proposed to convey to His said Royal Highnds 4 the Prince of Wales % in exchange for the Land so to be retard 4 by them as aforesaid, certain Parts of the said Wharf so pomhaled 4 of the said Jervoije Gierke Jervoi/e Esquire, and of the hid Mcf 4 fuage or Tenement and Yard, which they have given Nodoe of 4 their Intention to purchase as aforesaid, containing Forty time Reel 4 and Six Inches in Breadth from East to West; and also the Site of 4 that Part of the said Street or Way abutting there* aid tie

4 Narrow Wall9 to be stopped up as aforesaid, to be vested kHk 4 Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Hein and tain 4 Dukes of Cornwall, to be and remain Part and Parcel of the Sad 4 Duchy of Cornwall, as an Equivalent for those Parts of the hid 4 triangular Slip of Land, so to be vested in the Bud Company of 4 Proprietors as aforesaid, to which Proposal of Exchange Hit hid 4 Royal Highness, with the Advice of his Council, ham agreed; '

Be it therefore further enacted, That His said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales as Duke of Cornwall or his Sucafforforthetnoe being, shall and may and he is hereby authorized and eaponoed, in consideration. of the said Exchange, Transfer and Aigeaent hereinbefore mentioned, to assign and transfer to the said Coinpay of Proprietors and their Successors all such Parts of the find tens* gular Slip or Piece of Land as may be required for making and con* structing the said intended New Road from the said CommmsUUd j ta Narrow Wall aforesaid, and for any other Purposes of the hid Company; and the said Company of Proprietors shall and may ad they are hereby authorized and empowered to retain to the hid Cub* pany of Proprietors, and their Successors, out of and from the hid triangular Slip or Piece of Land so agreed to be veiled in His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Successors Duka of Cornwall, so much and such. Parts thereof as are hereinbefore motioned and proposed to be so retained; and the said Company of Proprietors shall and may and they are hereby authorized and rc* guired to purchase, convey, assign and transfer to His said Royal Highness the Prince of Walest nis Heirs and Successors Duka of Cornwall^ to be and remain thenceforth for ever Part and Pared of the said Duchy of Cornwall, and subject to the like Rcrerter, Elate and Interest in or to the King or Queen for the time being, and his qr her Heim and Successors, lb much and fuQh Put of the said

Wharf

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

755

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Pur- Coals Tent by chafer or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall Land Carnage be dissatisfied with the Measure of any-Coals fold or to be deli-

vered within the Limits of this Act, or of the said recited Act, and purchaser.X lent to him, her or them, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage,

shall Signify to the Carman, or other Person attending such Cart,

Waggon or other Carnage, his, her or their Desire to have the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals remeasured, then and in every such case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, in which such Coals shall be brought, shall, and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the House, Lodging or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Coals, and the Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, until such Coals are remeasured; and Carmsn driving if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or fpffer iWay before R«-to be driven away, any such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, be- metfurenQcn^ fore the Coals contained therein shall be remeasured, without the Consent of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and in eveiy such case such Carman or Driver shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.'

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Pur- Purchasers to.chafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, so desiring such ftnd Notice to Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be re-measured, shall, and he, (he or they is and are hereby required to fend have Coal*

or cause to be sent to the Vender or Venders of the said Coals, or measured. to his, her or their Wharf, Warehouse or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are to be remeasured, and such Purchaser or Purchafer#, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall, and he,

(he or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any One of the Offices of the said Principal Land Coal Meter appoiuted by or by virtue of this Act, or of the Offices of the Principal Land Coal Meters appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, of his, her or their Desire to have such Coals remeasured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Labouring Meters appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited ter to attend.*Ad, (not being the Meter under whose lnfpedion the said Coals were originally measured, ) shall within the Space of Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing, left at the Office of any such Principal Land Coal Meter aforesaid, attend from such Office where such Notice shall be £0 left at the House, Lodgings or other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers as shall be expressed in such Notice, for the Purpose of reroeafuring the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the same in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, and Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them shall attend to fire the same remeasured; and in case such Vender or Vender or Pwr* Venders, or Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Agent or chartr not at-Servant, Agents or Servants, shall not attend for tlje Purpose of feeing such Coals so remeasured, then such Meter shall proceed on pr<£*dy the meaforing of such Coals in his, her or their Absence, and such

Meter shall, and he is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, to remeasure such Coals either by the diftintt Sacks, so as to ascertain the Contents of each par-

3 Q % ticular

Clxiil

56° GEO. ni

A.D.M6

Prsmifts late of Meflr*. Phelps and Company may be taken.

Satiifaction to be made in grots Sums.

Incapacitated Persons empowered to convey Leads to the Company by Conlent,

XI. And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act enaflrf, that nothing therein contained should extend or be conftrned to a* 4 tend to enable the said Company of Proprietors to take or de ct 4 otherwise to intermeddle with any Wharf, Road, Houses, Biddags, Grounds or Premises in the said Parish of Saint Mary Lemkth, n 4 the said County of Surrey, then in the Occupation of Ssusti 4 Phelps y Richard Troward, and Abraham Bracebrtdge, trading 4 under the Firm of Phelps and Company, without the Coabt in 4 Writing of the said Samuel Phelps, Richard Trowari and Birds* 4 Bracebridge, first had and obtained for that Purpose: AndWkrcu 4 the said Company of Proprietors have obtained the Cosiest s 4 Writing of Sir William Paxton, Knight, Sir Charles CscimE, Baronet, and Charles Greenwood, Esquire, (in whom the fere 4 Premises have become vested for all the Estate and Inferrs, ktr 4 of the said Samuel Phelps, Richard Troward and Abraham Bractbridge therein, ) authorizing them the said Company of Proprietor!

4 to take and use for the Purposes of the said recited Act ad thk 4 Ad, so much and such Part of the said Houses, Buildings, Groaads 4 and Premises as are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, sad iHo 4 all that Piece or Parcel of Ground formerly called Heorods Wharf; 7 Be it therefore further enacted. That the said Company of ftc-prietors shall have full Power and Authority to take and deb sod of the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds and Premises, c$ ait motioned in the said Schedule to this Act, and that the fed free or Parcel of Ground formerly called HeamPs Wharf fall he feiyd to such and the same Powers and Provisions as the same ws& bit been subject to, under or by virtue of the said recited Afb, « either of them, in case no such Consent as aforesaid had bra oak requisite by the said first recited Act: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors shall not be subject or liable to take or use any greater Part of the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds and Premises, than as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That Satisfaction for any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be used or taken for the Purposes or under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, or for my Injury or Damage that shall be done or occasioned in carrying the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, into Execution shall be made in the manner directed by the said first recited Act, with respect to any Lands taken or used, or any Injury or Danagt done in the Execution of the same Ad, except only that the Sam-fadion to be made for any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buddart, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall hereafter be taken or okd for the Purposes or under the Provisions of the said recited Aftiad this Act, or any or either of them, shall always be made by tk Payment of a Sum of Money in gross, and not otherwise; andtfat so much of the said recited Acts, or either of them, as directi fed Compensation to be made by an Annual Rent or Annual Piysxsi, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Company of Proprietors, that it will be more coorakst and advisable to vary, alter or improve any Part of the Roads by tk said recited Acts and this Act authorized to be made, or the Accdfc or Approaches to the said Bridge, or either of them, or soy Road

.. or

56° GEO. III.

C.xxt.

757

riage into or upon the Premifet of such Purchaser or Purchaser*, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Remea-furement of any Coals fold and sent as and for Pool Measure by any Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, and which Remeasurement shall hare been made in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, the Coals so remeasured shall be found to be less or more than at the Rate of Three Bushels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks specified in the Vender's Ticket of such Coals, then the Meter who countersigned such Vender's Ticket of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency or Excess shall exceed Four Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of such Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every such Bushel Co exceeding or so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the sum of Twenty Shillings*

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be so made so as to ascertain the whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks sent taken together, of any such Coals fold and sent as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, the whole of such Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Buftiel, then such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals; and if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be made so as to ascertain the Quantity contained in each and eveij of the particular Sacks sent, of any Coals sold as and for Wharf or Pool Measure it shall be found that One fourth Part or more of the Nunv ber of the Sacks of such Coals fold and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bushels each respectively, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of the Remeasurement thereof; but if the Number of such particular Sacks Co found deficient shall not amount to One fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of such Coals so fold and sent, then and in such case such Expences shall (be paid and borne by the Pur* chafer or Purchasers of such Coals.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any such Notice as by this Act directed shall have been given by or on the behalf of any Purchaser or Purchasers, at any of the said Principal Land Meter's Offices, appointed by or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, requiring the Attendance of any Meter from any of such Offices, for the Purpose of remeasuring any Coals, fold either for Wharf or Pool Measure, then, and in every such case, the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being at any of such respective Office or Offices, where such Notice shall have been given or sent, is and are hereby authorised and .required to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters, from his or their Office or respective Offices, for the Purpose of making the Remeasurement, and such respective Labouring Meters, or Labouring Meter shall, and are, and is hereby re* quired and authorized to remeasure any such Coals which they or be shall be so sent to remeasure, whether the Purchaser or Purchasers

3 C 3 of

Iq case of any Coals fold Tor Pool Measure proving deficient on such Reroea-furetnent.

Penalty on Meter.

By whom the Expences of such Remeasurement are to be paid.

Principal Meters not fending a Labouring Meter to measure the Coals.

776

Power to make an Archway over the New Road.

Committee may agree for PaiLtge of Persons for Three Years, and UTue Tickets.

Lending

Tickets.

Penalty.

Notice of Payment of Toll to be given on a Board.

Defacing Notice.

Penalty.

Toll Collectors to put up their Names.

Cotied on offending.

C.lxiii. 56° GEO. III. AJX IS1 d

XV. And Whereas in order to make a gradual Afcest to th

said Bridge on the South Side thereof, without defraying or a c commoding the free PaiTage of Persons, Horses and Carnages riss c the said intended Road hereby authorized to be made from die b 4 Road called the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall afereiridl i

will be necessary that an Arch should be con&ruded or at 4 over the said intended Road, and under the afcendhg An 4 or Road to the said Bridge on the South Side thereof^ Be i therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfrlto for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby an rized and empowered, at their own proper Coda and Charges, a make or cause to be made an Arch or Archway otct or upon the fa intended Road, of a Width not being lefsthan Twenty 6x Feeta the Bottom or wide ft Space thereof, and of a Height boag not ' than Twenty four Feet above the .Level of certain Lais case Prince9s Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the Corner cf Surrey

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority to contract or agree with any Person or Persons for hit, her or their fr^e Passage over the said Bridge, and along the fold Reads, for mr time or times not exceeding Three Years, at any one font fee feci Sum as to the said Committee shall seem meet, and therrspeo teMar One or more Ticket or Tickets to such Person or Perioe % la enaUr him, her or them to pass Toll free over the foid Bridge, ml aloag the said Roads, for the time for which such Contract hs&Vnt has made; and if any such Person or Persons shall lend or traits fodk Ticket for the Use of any other Person or Persons, and whereby such other Person or Persons shall under colour of feck Ticket pass over the said Bridge, or through any Turnpike or Toll Bar upon any of the said Roads Toll free, such Person or Fnrfaas fc> offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Son not exceeding Forty Shillings, for th&Ufe of the foid Company.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the foid Coopaay lei! and they are hereby directed and required to canfe Notice to be given by or upon a Board, to be coastantly affixed on the From of all the Tarapikes or Toll Houses to be eroded on or near the (rid Bridge, in large legible Characters, that the Payment of Toll at m one Turnpike or Gate shall free and exempt the Person or Perfoi paying the same from Payment at any other Turnpike or Gate, fir or in respect of passing once over the foid Bridge; and if my ftrfo or Persons shall deface or obliterate any Part of the Notice os fori Board, he, (he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pajm Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every To# Caflriter appointed either by the said Company of Proprietors, or byaj Lessee or Lessees under them, to collect the Tolls payable a ay Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of the find itetri Acts or this Act, shall and he is hereby required to place iris Ck£ tian and Surname, painted on a Board in argibfe Charadent»tbf Front or on some other confjpicubus Part of & Toll HoofeorM Gate, immediately after his coming on Duty, and shall coatmae tk some so placed during the whole time he shall be upon fodiDttf; and if any Colk&or of the said Toils Ball not place forik Board

afoidrid.

56° GEO. III.

759

C.xxi.

proper Weight* shall be given according to such Quantity of' Coals expressed in such Vender's Ticket; and for such Inspection of such Coals so sold by Weight there shall be paid by the Vender or Venders thereof, or by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Ware-, hotife or other Place from whence such Coals shall be sent, to the principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Act,

Sixpence for every Ton of Coals so weighed under the Meter's In- Fee to Principal fpe&ion, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than Meter.

One Ton, and such Sum of Money shall be repaid to such Vender or Venders by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders. Vender'* Ticket of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals so sold by Weight within the, to be sent with Limits of this Act, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Pur- ^k/old by chafer or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her or their Servant or Ser- WtlB r' vants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloacted, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following; that is to say,

MR- [Here insert the Name of the Buyer.] Take Notice,

That you are to receive herewith [Here insert the Number]

4 Tons [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, for inspecting which

Coals vou are, in conformity to an Act of Parliament made in the 1 Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to repay

me the undersigned [Here insert the Name of the Seller] the Sum

of [Here insert the Amount of the InJpeQion Charge'] being at and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold to and to be

received by you herewith.'

(Signed) C. D. [Here insert the Name of the Seller.]

(Counterfigned) E. F. [Here insert the Name of the Meter.]

And in case such Vender or Venders do not deliver, or cause to be Vender not <fe-delivered, such Ticket as aforesaid, and so countersigned by a Meter Uvering Ticket, as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals are unloacted, every such Vender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Penalty. Carman, Driver of or other Person attending any such Cart, Wag- Carman not gon or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals to whom any such dcl£er, r*?J.ame Ticket shall have been given by or by the Orders of the Vender, urc ar' in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Vender or any Person by the Direction of the Vender) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be unloacted, such Carman, Driver or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.Penalty.

XLI I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all .Coals CqjJ* to be sold whatsoever fold within the Limits of this Act, save and except only either by such Coals as shall be sold by Weight in manner aforesaid, shall be Weight, or by fold either by the Chaldron, such Chaldron to consist of Thirty fix n e/^Jaidron of such Bushels so heaped up as aforesaid, or else by such Bushel as u aforesaid, or by the Half Bushel, Peck or Half Peck, provided such {mallei Measure shall be Some aliquot Part of such Bushel Measure, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

3 C 4 XLIII. Pro.

C. lxiii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 18H

of Sewers for certain Kent.

bid Company of Proprietors to stop up, alter, vary or with any Sewer or Drain without the Leave and Coolest of Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from East in the said County of Surrey, to Raven/bonu in the County rent9 for that Purpose first had and obtained.

XXII. And Whereas the said Bridge when completed wul*a Work of great Stability and Magnificence; and fbch Wot 4 are adapted to transmit to Posterity the Remembrance of git 4 and glorious Achievements? And Whereas the bid Compel 4 are delirous that a Designation shall be given to the bid Bnd 4 which shall be a lading Record of the brilliant and derifire V 4 tory achieved by His Majesty's Foroes, in c&nrundioQ with dm 4 of his Allies, on the Eighteenth Day of June One thoobad 6§L 4 hundred and fifteenBe it therefore further enacted, That 6m and after the passing of this Act the said Bridge shall be catted mi denominated The Waterloo Bridge, and shall ceale to be crikd by th Name of The Strand Bridge; and the bid Company baS alb, fan and after the passing of this Act, be called by the Nine and Styli of 4 The Company of Proprietors of The Waterloo Bridge/ sod by that Name shall have perpetual Succefiion and a Commas Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be.sued, and also fhaO md cay have full Power and Authority to purchase Lands, Tesesests and Hereditaments to them, their Successors and Affigm, for the Use of the said Bridge, Roads or other Works by thrisd noted Acts and this Act authorized to be made, and for the (even! other Per-pofes in the said recited Acts and this Act mentioned, wfthaut marring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes o! hkottsab , and aHo to fell any of the Lands, Tenements or HeffdAnemt pir-chafed for the Purposes aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes u i they had been originally named and styled in the bid first reeled Ad, The Company of Proprietors of The Waterloo Brid$toi shall, from and after the passing of this Act, ceale to be cdbd n 4 The Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge/ sadhJ

prinmvofthe °* cea^e to ^ue an<* by Name of 4 The Company of Ptt-

The Bridge to be called ' The Waterloo Bridge, and the Company to be styled 4 The Company of Proprietors of the Waterloo Bridge.*

And Qullceafe to be called and sued as The

pnetors < Strand Bridge.

I

Appointing additional Commissioners.

4 prietors of the Strand Bridge Provided always, that noihi$ herein contained shall extend to annul or affect, or be conftnsd annul or affect, any Act or Acts heretofore done by the bid Company, or any Suit or Suits brought by or again! the bid Coe->any, or any Purchase or Sale of Lands by the bid Compsty rr 'uch Alteration of their Name and Style; but that all Proaefci whatever commenced or pending in their original Name acd Str> may be continued in fuph Name and Style, notwithfUnding the P?> vision hereinbefore contained for the Alteration thereof, or in it Name and Style hereafter to be used by the bid Camper, virtue of this Act, as to the Committee of the bid Compasr ta' seem meet.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That Sir Jofoh iydm Torke Knight, James Brogden Esquire, Sir Benjamin Blotmfrd Knight, and the Reverend John Rush9 shall be, and they are hersfcy constituted Commissioners for executing the several Powen in sad by the said recited Act of the Forty niuth Year of His present Majestr specially provided and directed to be executed, in addition to t* Commissioners nominated and appointed by the bine Act; sod ur said Commissioners hereby nominated shall be and they are herefa

arvdbi

1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. Ixiii.

781

ed with all the Functions, Powers and Authorities by the said d A A given to the said Commissioners therein mentioned, and be subject to all the Restrictions, Clauses, Provisoes and tments in the same Ad contained in relation to the said Com-ners.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts of 49 G.3. c. 191. orty ninth and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty, and 53 0*3* c. 184. id every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, Provisions,

ilations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things onfC*

soever therein contained, so far as the same were in force at

ime of passing this Act, and also so far as the same are not

?f$ly altered or repealed by this Act, shall extend and be con-

d to extend and operate, and be in full Force and Effect, with

& to all matters and things to be done, or which may arise in

Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same and

f of them were repeated and reenacted in this Act, and were

: Part thereof; and the same recited Acts and this Act shall, as

1 matters and things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be construed

>ne Ad.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of obtaining For defraying passing of this Act shall be paid by the said Company out of Expences or first Monies arising or to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts

)f this Act, or any of them, or now in the Hands of the said ipany.

[XVI. And be ft further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed Public Act. taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice 8 such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially ided.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

County. Number on Plan. DESCRIPTION of PROPERTY.

I. Shed

9 2. Yard, &c.

>« W 3- Sewer -

g p* 4* Lately a Shed, now

a pulled down, lately

co Me(Tr9. Phelps and

u. 0 X w Co.

a95- Yard extending*}

6 northward to Nar->

a row Wall - - j

6. Shed - Ditto

|cg 7- Small Dwelling House

8. Public House and Yard, White Swan -

OWNERS.

OCCUPIERS.

Strand Bridge Company«--- Ditto

Archbishop of Can- terbury; Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Esquire, .Leaseholders -

Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Esquire.

- - - Ditto

.....Ditto.

--Ditto -

- - - - Ditto -f Archbishop of Can-*} 4 terbury 5 Whitbread > (.and Co. Leaseholders J

Thomas Vince..James Bone.

George Pitman.

782 C.Iriii — lxvi. 56° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE — continued.

AJ).\8I6.

"O .

5

la

k.

f-}x

ww

Aq4

<t>-

>?*0

3*

?3

CO

2 5

£1

I 8

DESCRIPTION

of

PROPERTY.

IO.

11.

12.

*3

I4.

x5*

16.

7-

28.

29.

and

29.

Public House and Yard, Salutation

Small Dwelling House

- - - - Ditto - Ditto -

- - - - Ditto -Narrow Wall -Lime Tree Court Small Dwelling House

House, Shop, Slaughter House9 and Yard

UUK

Dwelling House and Garden

Yard and Ground, late Phelps and Co.

OWNERS.

Archbishop of Can-1 terbury; Barclay and > Perkins, Leaseholders J Archbishop of Can- terbury; Executrix of the Rev. Joshua Winter, deceased, Jordan Kempfter, and Maria Wright, Leaseholders J --Ditto -

- - - Ditto -

- Ditto -

--- Ditto -

--- Ditto -

(Archbishop of Can-1 terbury; Strand Bridge Company, Leasehold era - -j

Archbishop of Can- terbury; Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Esquire, Leaseholders

OCCUPIER!

Widow Brom.

Strand Bridge Company.

--- Ditto.

Edward Frith-Mary Onto.

Empty.

r Aland* j

(fremi

Strand hn&g*' Compsay. \

Unoccupied.

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for improving the Port and Harbour of IFatetfirdiadb other Purposes relating thereto. [loth Jam

Cap. lxv.

An Act for establishing a New Church, called the Church of Smt Marl, situate in the Town and Parish of Liverpool\ in the Coogtr Palatine of Lancqfter. [20th Jam ni]

' Cap. kvL

% 0.3. c. 83. An Act for the better Relief and more effeduaQy employing ti* Poor of the Township of Shardloeu and Wthu> in the County of Derby, and the sevend Parities and Places therein mentioned c the said County, and in the Counties of LeiceMer and Nottkrhe*

[20th Jm 181&]

Cep

56° GEO. III.

Cxxl

763

Majesty, his Heir* and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof f together with Double Costs of Suit) shall be to and for the Use of Double Cofti. the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

JLI. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be Dtirefc not unmade for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this lawful for want Ad, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Form* Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trefpafler or Tref-. pallets, on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress or the Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trefpafler or Trefpaflers, ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satitfadion for the 1'pecial Damage sustained in any Action on the case.

JLI I. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders Form of Con-against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the vision* Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence again! this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet,

IDE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

A. B, is convicted before me,

4 One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

[Here fyecify the Offence, and the time and

Place when and where committed, eu the case may he"] contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty (ixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [Here insert the Title of this Act.J Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first

above written.*

LIII- And be it further enacted, That no Plaiptiff or Plaintiffs Plaintiff not to shall recover in any Action, to be commenced again! any Person or recover after Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice Renderof in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Amends» Twenty one Days before such Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or his, her or their Attorney, by or on the behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, (he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Limitation of Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing Allions, done in pursuance of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise $ and if any such Action or Suit Audi be brought before Twenty one Days' Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction

made

Chutiii.

56° GEO. UI.

A.D.I31*

lxxiii.

An Act for establishing and regulating a Fund for the Widsn Children and Relatives of Officers or Persons belonging to the D< partment of Customs in England. [aid Jw* 1816.

CertainOfficer*

of Curatis to elect a Committee for the Fannation and Regulation of the Fund.

Committee to led a Chairman*

Committee in Rales to specify the Power of the

&C.

TT 7 HERE AS the Establishment and Regulation of a Fax! in

W the conditional Benefit and Relief of the Widow ad

Children or other Relatives of the established Officers, Cfcrb or ' other Persons employed in the Department of the Caicos n

England would be highly beneficial; but the lame cannot be dec*

ually made without the Aid of Parliament Be it therefore eac*l by The Ring's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adnceiri Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Coausoss, a this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of tie fax. That all the established Officers, Clerks and other Periods permaady employed in the Department of the Customs in the Port of Ltd*, who mall have signed a Notice in the Form in the Schedile to this Act annexed, marked A., signifying that they accede to the Contribution of Poundage authorized by this Act, in aid of the gmeraJ Purposes of the Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund, sod tbli have delivered such Notice to the Person to be appointed by die Commissioners of the Customs to receive the* same, fall meet oo (sx Day and at some Time and Place to be appointed for that Popok by the Commissioners of the Customs, and which the said Coasufinm of the Customs, or any Four or more of them, are hereby required to appoint within Fourteen Days after the passing of fa Act* sad to cause Seven Days' Notice to be given of fuen Day, Tax sd Place, in such manner as they shall deem expedient and fo&iett; and the senior Officer in the Department present at such Meeting shall be the President and Chairman of such Meeting, and bait tlx casting Voice in case of Equality of Votes at such Meeting; id tfe Officers and Persons present at such Meeting shall elect andDomimt: Twelve Persons superintending in the said Department, or bong Principals of Offices, and not being Clerks, as a Committee for tie Formation of the Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund; which hid Committee shall elect and nominate a President or Chairman, and OuT forthwith proceed to consider and make and arrange such Roles mi ! Regulations for the Establishment and Formation of a Fond fix tix Benefit of the Widows and Children or other Relatives of the Ei*> j lished Officers, Clerks other Persons belonging to or employed k the Department of the Customs in England, and the regulating tk Conduit and Management of the said Fund, and rafsing, collt&Lj and receiving the Subscriptions and Contribution of Powdigt neceffiury for forming such Fund, and paying all Anuuities and Chis thereout, and making Tables of Rates of Subscription to ad Payments out of such Fund for that Purpose, and also the Numbered Description of Directors, Trustees. Auditors, Secretary or other Officers necessary for managing and conducing the said Fund, asd the Collection and safe Custody of the Monies from time to time to be raised and subscribed, and the Interest and growing Produce irifisg therefrom, and paying all Sums to be paid thereoat according to such Rules, Regulations and Tables; and it fhaQ be lawful for the j laid Committee in such Rules and Regulations to Specify therefpe&ne I

PbWTTi

A. D. 1816.

56'GEO.IIL

C. xxyu — ray.

766

Cap. xxvii.

An Act to repeal a certain Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for establishing a Ferry acroft the River Thame* at Woolwien, in the County of Kent. [21ft May l8l6«J

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for repairing and altering the Parish Church of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex9 and for making further Provision for the Rector of the said Parish, [21ft May 1816.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Peak For eft to Beards and from Peak Fore/l aforesaid, to or near to Woodlands* all in the County of Derby. [21ft May 1816.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from near Gatton Lodge, in the County of Surrey* to Povey Croft* in the said County. (b) [21ft May 1816.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Roads leading from the Town of Leominster* in the County of Hereford. (a) [21ft May 1816.]

[Additional Trustees One Toll to cease* and Two full Tolls granted.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Lyme Turnpike Road in the Parish of Gittjybam* to Sidmouth, in the County of Devon. (b) [21ft May 1816. j

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Bowesf in the County of Tort, to join the Great North Road, near Sunderland Bridge^ in the County of Durham. [21ft May 1816. j

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Fam-borough, in the County of Kent* to Riverhill in the Parish of Sevenoaks in the said County. (6) [21ft May 1816. J

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for altering and amending several Acts in regard to the Duty of Two Pennies Soots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer fold in the City of Edinburgh and Places adjacent.

[31ft May 1816.]

Cap.

55 G.3.C.18. as limiting the DifUoce for carrying Pastengen, fcc. acroft the River to Two Miles, repealed.

40C.3. c.65. continued.

53. 3.0.13.

W G. a. c. 4. >3 G. 3, 0.91. 36 G. 3. c. xti repealed.

3 O.3.C.5.

9 G. 1. c.i4* 25 G. % . c.9.

38G.3.C.54*

786

C. lxxiii.

56° geo. ni.

AJ).15!6.

Poundage not to extend to Day Pay, Coco pen-fctton or Superannuation XU tournee.

Officer*, ftc. giving Notice, may decline the Contribution of Poundage.

Officers, See. declining Contri-

te make such Contribution, in manner directed by this Act; ad such Contribution shall be afiefied for the first Eight Quarters, to be reckoned from the Commencement of such Contribution, or the* forth from the First A fie Ament of every Officer, Clerk or other Person as aforesaid, appointed after the passing of this Act, to the said Department of Custoras, in respect of whom the hid Coctrih-tion of Poundage is hereby declared to be, and thereafter to coeti: se to be compulsory, at the Rate of Two pence in every Poosd ter-ling, and in every fra&ional Part of a Pound Sterling, and for every succeeding Quarter, the Sum of One Penny in every Pound Stasng, and in every fra&ional Part of a Pound Sterling; Provided 1H0, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or becodbrali; extend, to authorize the taking any such Contribution of Poundage out of the Day Pay Allowance of any Person or Personswhatever, employed in the Department of the Customs, or to the Salary or Sum awarded by way of Compensation or Superannuate to m Officers, Clerks or other Persons, who belong or may haiebdx^d to the said Department; and the First Contribution shall be nM levied, collected and deduced out of the Salaries payable at tic Quarter next ensuing and immediately after the Rahfbtion ad Confirmation of such Rules, Regulations and Tables, as afort&d; and all such Money, which shall be so collected, shall be pod over to such Person or Persons, or^ to such Account as fell be specified in such Rules and Regulations, in relation to Coctrikioo of Poundage to such Fund; and thereafter all such CoBtnbataiQ to such Fund shall be raised, collected, paid over, laid out, accosated for and applied according to such Rules and Regulations.

V. And Whereas certain Officers, Clerks or other Perfoes the

may have belonged to the said Department, before the paSsg of

this Act, mayobjed to the said Quarterly Contribution of Yowbpi Be it therefore enacted, That every Officer, Clerk or other Fertx who may object and decline to make such Quarterly Contiibuhoo of Poundage shall and is hereby required to give Notice thereof in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked B., which fobs shall be signed by him j and if the said Officer, Clerk or other fek shall be employed in the Port of London, he shall address the (3sd Notice to the Secretary or other Officer of the said Fund appointed to receive the same, within One Calendar Month at the farthef after the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Sobfcripdoo hi have been approved and ratified as aforesaid; and if the said OJfo j Clerk or other Person shall be employed at an Out Port, orO*t or Place attached thereto, he shall address the said Notice to thcCi lector or Comptroller at the Out Port to which he dullornffc attached, within Two Calendar Months at the farthest after tfc Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription flail b* been approved and ratified as aforesaid, which Notice the CoStf* and Comptroller, so receiving the same as aforesaid, dull fortfcb transmit to such Secretary, or other Person as aforesaid; aadiiD* fault of such Notice being so duly given by such Officer, Cki# other Person either in London or the Out Ports, be shall bethel and adjudged to be, and thereafter to continue liable to such Contribution of Poundage to the said Fund as aforesaid*

VL And be it further enacted, That every Officer^ Clerk*#}* Person so giving Notice, and declining the f^Quarte^Ccoto^

of

1.D.18I6'

56° GEO. III.

C. lxxiii.

787

if Poundage to the said Fund, shall be and it hereby declared to be vbolly incapable of becoming a Subscriber to the said Fund at any uture Period, save and except according to the Terms and Conditions ontained in the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subfcrip-ion approved and ratified as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges and Ex-jences arising out of or incident to the passing of this Act, shall le paid from time to time out of the first Monies which shall be raised, evied and collected for such Contribution of Poundage as aforesaid, ogether with all such Sums as may have been advanced, or may >e due and owing for any such Costs and Expences, in case any such Honey shall have been advanced, or may be due and owing.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall and nay, if they shall deem it expedient, admit any Person to be a Sub-criber, and to participate in the Benefits of the said Fund, who may loid the Situation of a Supernumerary Officer or Clerk in the said Department; and the respective Nominees of every Supernumerary )fficer, Clerk or other Person so admitted as aforesaid, shall, and are tereby declared to have, and thereafter to continue to have, to all Intents and Purposes, the same and the like Interest in the said Fund, nd in the Advantages thereof, as if the said Supernumerary Officer, 21erk or other Person had been permanently eltablished in the said Department, under and subject in every respect to the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription approved and ratified is aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall andr nay, if they shall deem it expedient, admit any Person or Persons o be the Nominee or Nominees of any Subscriber to the said Fund vho may not be a Relative or Relatives of the said Subscriber; and he said Nominee or Nominees so admitted as aforesaid shall, and are icreby declared to have, and thereafter to continue to have, to all Intents and Purposes, the same and the like Interest in the said Fund, nd in the Advantages thereof, as if the said Nominee or Nominees tad been a Relative or Relatives of the said Subscriber, under and ubje& in every respect to the Rules and Regulations approved and atified as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That an Order for Payment of Honey addrefied to the Receiver General of His Majesty's Customs, >r to the Collector and Comptroller of any Out Port for the time teing, by any Officer, Clerk or other Person employed in the said Department, and under his Hand and Signature, shall be a sufficient )rder, Warrant and Authority to the said Receiver General, and Ilolle&or and Comptroller, and who are hereby thereupon required o pay, from time to time, the Sum declared and specified in Words t length in such Order, as the Quarterly Amount of Subscription, >r the Amount of other Monies due and owing by the said Officer, Dlerk or other Person, to and on the behalf of the said Fund; and he said Sum, so declared and specified in such Order, shall be deduded tom the Salary due and payable to the said Officer, Clerk or other ?erfon at the Quarter or Quarters as set forth in the said Order, and hall be paid over to such Person or Persons, or to such Account at hall be lpecified in such Rules and Regulations, approved and ratified it aforesaid; provided that the said Order or Orders shall be delivered to the Hud Receiver General, Collector and Comptroller, Three Days

SE 2 at

button incapable of becoming Subscribers, except according to Rules, Sec.

Expences paid out of Poundage.

Directors may admit Supernumerary Officers or Clerks.

Directors may admit Nominees of Subscribers, though not Relative!.

Order on Receiver General and Collector, and Comptroller, sufficient Authority to them for Payment.

788

C. lxxiu.

56° GEO. III.

A J). 1816.

Annuities not to be arguable, or attacliable, or liable to the jus mariti of any Hufbsml a Widow or other Claimant may many.

Directors to bo sued in the Name of their {Secretary.

at the lead prior to the Day on which the said Quarterly Salary Bui be due and payable.

9 XL And, in order to ensure to the Widows of the Subscribers,

' or any other Claimants on the said Fund, the full Benefit intended by9this Act, as alimentary Provision for the Widows or other Chumaoti 1 entitled thereto Be it further enacted, That no Annuity or Sam of Money payable to any Widow or other Claimant under my of the Provisions of this Act shall be assignable, except with the Per-mission and Approbation of the said Directors, or any Three crane of them, or liable to be affected by Arrestment, or otherwise attachable by any Creditor, or be subject to the jut mariti of any Hufts&d with whom any such Widow or other Claimant may intermarry, or bt fubied in any manner to any Debts, or Deeds, or Controul of aay such Husband, but the same shall be paid to each Widow or other Claimant entitled thereto, upon her own Receipt only, notwithfhadtsg such Arrestment, Attachment or Marriage.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors may fie and be sued for or concerning any thing to be done by virtue or it pursuance of this Act, or of the said Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription, approved and ratified as afioresaid, is the Name of their Secretary for the time being; and that no A&xo or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Command of or agaaft tbr said Directors, in the Name of their Secretary, shall abate or he continued by the Death or Removal of any such Secretsy, aor by the Act of such Secretary, without the Content of the tad Diredan, or any Three or more of them, but that the Secretary fee d* to being to the said Directors shall be deemed to be the Plaintif or Defendant, as the case may be, in every such Action.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Subfaiber to the said Fund, under the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription, approved and ratified 2S aforesaid, shall cease to befog to the said Department of Customs, from whatever Cause arising, provided the said Subscriber shall continue to pay Quarterly the find Contribution of Poundage to the Amount due and payable at the time of

feription, to con- his ceasing to belong to the said Department or Customs, under the tinue a Member, Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription, the fiid Subscriber so leaving the said Department frail, without any Hinder-ance whatever, retain his Intpreft in the said Fund, and contour to be a Subscriber to the said Fund, and be deemed to belong to the same, and his Widow, Children and other immediate Relatives, ai the 1 case may be, shall enjoy all such and the like Benefit therefrom, according to their respective Claims, under the said Rules, Regulations isd Tables of Rates of Subscription, as fully in any respect as if he bd !

continued to belong to the Department of Customs.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Profits, Dividend!, i Interests and annual Proceeds which shall from time to time arifc free'the Funds and Securities belonging, or which shall at any time befog to the said Fund, shall from time to time be applied to and hr the Uses, Ends, Intents and Purposes in this Act mentioned, or accocdfeg i to the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription approved and ratified as aforesaid, and to or for no other Use, Intern or Purpose whatsoever.

XV* And be it further enacted, That a Report of the Aeeoosts bf the said Fund (foil on or before the First Day of Sffttwier a

tnrj

U a Subscriber leaves the Customs, and continues to pay his fot Rate of Poundage, and kit rated Sub-

Profits and Dividends to be applied to Benefit of Fund only.

Directors, See. to Repott

AJM816. 56° GEO. III. C.Ixxiw.

every Year be deposited in some convenient Place at the Custom House in the Port of London* which the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Four or more of them, are hereby required to appoint to be the Omce of the Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund, for the Perusal of each and every Subscriber who may demand the same at any convenient or appointed Hour, for the Space of One Galen* dar Month from the said First Day of September*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall, and they are hereby declared to have the full, entire and exclusive Controul and Management of and over the said Fund, and every thing relating thereto, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, under andlubject to such Prorifions, Directions, Regulations and Reftric-toons, as may have been made in that behalf; and it shall be lawful for such Directors, if they shall at any time after any such Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription shall have been made think it necessary, from time to time to alter any such Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates-of Subscription, and to make any new and additional Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription which may appear to be e(Tential or expedient for the better Regulation, Management and Controul of the said Fund: Provided always, that no such Alterations of any Rule, Regulation or Table of Rates of Subscription already established, or new Rule, Regulation or Table of Rates of Subscription shall be valid or effectual or enforced, until the same shall have been approved by such Subscribers to the said Fund as may be qualified for that Purpose, and in the manner set forth in the Rules and Regulations in force at the time, and by the Commissioners of the Cuitoms, or any Four or more of them, and ratified and confirmed by such Judge or Baron as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being fpecully pleaded.

SCHEDULE A.

T A. Bn do hereby certify to you. That I accede to the Quarterly Contribution of Poundage authorized by an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in aid of the general Purposes of the " Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund.9*

An B.

Dated ai8 .

SCHEDULE B.

J A. Bn do hereby certify to you, That I decline acceding to the Quarterly Contribution of Poundage authorized by an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in aid of the general Purposes of the " Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund.99 A. B.

Dated 18 .

G*on

7S9

on ift September in every Year.

Directors to have full Management of the Fund, and to alter and make new Rule*, See. upon certain Conditions.

Proviso.

A & to be a Public Aft-

3 E 3

790

C.faody — lxxviii. 56° GEO. III.

i

j» O.3. c.ebuui.

ax O.3. c. 79-39*40 G % 3. clxlii.

13 G.3. c.15.

47 G. 3. SeflT. a.

c. UviiL

8a.

AJD.Mll

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for amending an Act of the Fifty second Year of H# prefen t Majesty for regulating the Police of the City of lit-burgh and the adjoining Distrifctg, and for other Purposes rte? thereto. (£) [22d June 1816.J

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Rod from Borrowjlounnef* by the West of Linlithgow, and by hr* phichen, Bathgate and Whiteburn, to the Contes of the Cooooty of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhousebum; and for makisg ud maintaining a certain Road from Borrowjlwnnefs to the so Avon (b) [24th JwM'j

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts, is the City and County of the City of Br\stol, and the liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Glouceflcr and Somerset. [25th Jm iSi6.j

Cap. Ixxvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Tinr-teenth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Ton od.Parishes of Gruvcfend and Milton, in the County of Ken, act for the better Assessment and Collection of the Poor totoisd other Rates within the Parish of Gravesend. [26th Jm

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admcafurement ad Defier of Coals within the several Parishes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent. [26th Jwu 1816.]

' TT 7 HERE AS by an Act passed in the Forty ferrotb Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act ferrt-9 pealing the several Acts for regulating the Vend and Dtfoxrj if

Coals within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Lite 1 thereof, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middled, Sonrr,

Kent and Essex, and for making better Provtjion for tbejne, cer-

tain Land Coal Meters were continued or appointed for the Pur- pose of admeasuring Coals within the City and Liberty of Iff9minster, and for that Part of the Duchy of Cornwall adjobeg

thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the FA

Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andm

Holborn, as is in the County of Middlesex / and also for the Citjrf

London, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, ifl tk

County of Middlesex; and also for the several Parishes of Efteh9Thorpe, Chertsey, IVey bridge, IValt on on Thames, Wefi Meulfot9Thames Ditton, Kingston, Richmond, Mortlake, Barnet, Cny

don, Mitcham, Putney, Wandf&orth, Battersea, Lambeth, Clrl9church, Newington, Saint George in the Borough of Souther!*9Saint Saviour's, Saint 6lave, Saint Thomas, Saint John>

Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and Saint Mary, Rotherhhix* h9the County of Surrey, and certain Regulations were thereby made9respecting the Vend and Delivery of Coals fold within Ac fa*

1 Places

56° GEO, III.

a Ixiii.

771

Road or Way hereinafter authorized to be made and constru6led in lieu thereof shall be passable for Carriages and Passengers along the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as that Road to be

Part of the said Road or Way called Harrow IVallt hereinbefore de- !"?*

scribed, shall be Hopped up by rirtue of the Provisions of this A 6k, "* "P0*

in respe6k thereof, that Part of the same, which will lie on the Well

Side of the intended Road from the said Bridge to the Obelilk, shall be and become veiled in His Grace the Arcnbilhop of Canterbury and shall be thenceforth Part and Parcel of the Possessions of the See of Canterbury, but subject to be occupied by the LefTees of the adjoining Lands until the Expiration of their Leases; and that Part of the same which shall lie on the South Side of so much of the Wharf called HearnPs Wharf, as lies Eallward of the said Bridge, shall be and become veiled in the said Archbishop, and shall be thenceforth Part and Parcel of the PolTessions of the said See, but subject as uforesaid, and also with, under and subjefl to all such and the same Powers and Provisions as the same would have been subject to under or by rirtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, in case the same had been included in the Schedule to the said firH recited Act i and that Part of the same which shall lie on the Site of the said intended Road from the said Bridge to the Obelilk, and on the South Side of the Wharf belonging to the Company, formerly the Property of Jervoife Clerk Jervoise, shall thenceforth be and become veiled in the said Company, and the Residue thereof shall be conveyed by the said Company to and become veiled in His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales as Duke of Cornwall, and shall thenceforth be Part and Parcel of the Ell ate of the Duchy of Cornwall called Prince9i Meadows, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Power to make prietors shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, a New Road, to make and conllrud fin lieu of that Part of the said Street or and take Lands. Way called Narrow Wall by this Act authorized to be Hopped up)

a Road or Way of the Width of Thirty Feet and no. more, from or from near to a certain Road called the Commercial Road, at or near where the said Road adjoins the said Street or Way called Narrow Wall, on the EaHern Side of the intended Road leading from the said Bridge to the Obeli/k in Saint George's Fields, to or near that Part of the said Street or Way called Narrow Wall, on the Wellern Side of the said intended Road from the said Bridge to the Obelilk aforesaid, which adjoins or is near to the WeHem Part of the said House, Slaughter House and Yard, in the Occupation of Alexander JSverard, in manner described and delineated in the Map or Plan hereinafter mentioned; and it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, to take and use the several Lands, Grounds, Houses, Tenements and Hereditaments mentioned and specified in4 the Schedule to this Act annexed, for the Purposea of the said recited Acts and this Act, and for completing the several Works in the said recited Acts and this Act mentioned, first making Compensation for the same in manner dire6led

by the said first recited Act or this Act, and subject to the Provisions and Regulations concerning the Purchase of Lands and Hereditament* contained in the said first recited Act, except so far as the said Provisions and Regulations are repealed or altered by this Act;

3 D 2 and

T92

C. lxxviii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.U16.

Manner of Election.

Principal Coal Meter punishable by Justice* in Sessions for Neglect.

Peualtf.

Labouring Meters subj«& to

the time limited for the Execution of such Office shall expire, tin upon the happening of any such Vacancy, it shall and ray be hr* ful to and for the Churchwardens as hereinafter mentioned, or tk major Part of them, in manner hereinafter directed, to ekd, mbih* ana appoint any other Person to be and aft as Principal Lad Col Meter in the Room or Stead of every such Principal Lad Col Meter who shall die, neglect or mifeonduft himself, or becoo; isci-pable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or whose tine jotd for the Execution of his Office shall expire, and so totiu ywte, a often as any such case shall happen; and every such Person lotsk nominated and appointed Principal Land Coal Meter for (neb Leu in the said County of Kent, in the Room or Stead of any fu& other Principal Meter, shall be elested, nominated and appointed br such Persons, and in manner and Form following; that is to say, the Churchwardens of the several and respective Parishes within tk limits of this Act, shall, by Notice in Writing, specifying the Oca-(ion, and signed by Two or more of the Churchwardens of tk lid Parishes, and left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of each such Churchwarden, as soon as the same can be done after acy such Vacancy shall happen, be summoned to meet and assemblea: the said Principal Land Coal Meter's Office, or at the said fabordi-nate Office appointed by the said Principal Land Coil Meter, <: Twelve of the Clock at Noon on a Day to be mentioned in tk k' Notice not exceeding Seven Days from the Date thereof, at riri Meeting some Person shall be chosen and appointed to faced to tk Office of Principal Land Coal Meter for the Limits aiu&d, ad such Person shall at the Hour of One of the Clock o( ikDiy be elected by the Majority of Perfoos, being Churchwardens of tk said Parishes, as shall be then and there assembled, and such Perkis when so elected shall be and is hereby declared to be Principal Lacd Coal Meter for putting this Act in Execution within the fool Pantiles aforesaid; and every such Person so to be elested, noBBtrd or appointed as aforesaid, shall be, remain and continue Pricpl Land Coal Meter for the said several Parishes until the M Dty of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty seven, uolefs k fall sooner die, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for tk Justices of the* Peace for the said County of Kent % in Gtnenl cr Quarter Sessions assembled, and they are hereby authoring cd required to inquire into, and hear and determine any Oomphis of Fraud or Misbehaviour of the Principal Land Coal Meter for tk time being for the Execution of this Act, in the same manner atky are by Law authorized to inquire into, hear and determine Mi&-meanours; and if such Principal Land Coal Meter shall be bed guilty of any Fraud, Neglect or Misbehaviour, he Ml fork# pay for the Use of His Majesty, his Hein and SuccefEors, fc Fine as such Court, before whom such Complaint shall be mak, bo think fit, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with fucbCds as such Court shall think proper to award and direct; and in case of .a second Offence, the said Justices shall be empowered tormwvetk said Principal Land Coal Meter, and to order the Appcuntmest of another in his Stead, to be elected in manner directedby thisAi

V. And be it further enacted, That each and every Labouri? Land Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent or Servant of the pnndpil L

16 Cod

86° GEO. m.

77S

A*

C. Ixifi.

Buildings and Premises required to be taken and used for the Puf-pofee of the same Act; and upon Payment or Tender of the Amount of such Compenfatiop for such Buildings, and the said Damage, the same, and every Part thereof, together with so much of the Site thereof as shall be necessary and sufficient for making and constructing such New Road, shall be and become veiled in and be the Property of the said Company.

VIII. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefient Majesty, after reciting, that in the making and coastrutiing of the Road, leading from the South Foot of the said intended Bridge, a small triangular Slip er Piece of Ground would intervene between the said Bridge Road and thfe Estate of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wale* as Duke of Cornwall, called Princes Meadowi; and that His said Royal Highness had consented to give up and agreed to assign to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, all the Land which should be required out of the said Estate for the making and constructing the intended Road leading to Stamford Street, without receiving any Compensation or Payment for the Value of the same, in confiaeration that the said Company of Proprietors should purchase the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land which would so intervene between the said first mentioned Road and the said Estate called Prince'/ Meadow*$ and assign the same, without any Compensation or Payment for the Value thereof, unto His Royal Highness the Prince of Wale*, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall; it was further enadtedj that the said Company of Proprietors should and might, and they were thereby authorized and empowered to purchase the said triangular Slip- or Piece of Land thereinbefore mentioned, being of the Length of Nine hundred and sixty four feet, or thereabouts, on the West Side thereof, and of the Breadth of One hundred and sixty Feet, or thereabouts, at the North End thereof; and to assign the same and every Part thereof unto His Royal Highness the Prince of Wale*, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, thenceforth to be and remain for ever Part and Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall: And Whereas face the passing of the said recited Act His Royal Highness the Prince of Wale* hath entered into a Contract for the granting of One Lease or several Leases of the said Estate called Prince9s Meadowt, and of the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land, fox several Terms for Years in the said Contract mentioned, of the Parcels respectively: And Whereas the said Company of Proprietors, in pursuance of such Agreement, and under the several Authorities in the said recited Acts contained, have purchased of the Principal, Fellows and Scholars of Jejus College of Queen Elina-beth's Foundation* within the City and University of Oxford; and of John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thoma* James, their several Estates and Interests of and in the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land, and other Land adjoining thereto; and they nave also, under the like Authorities, purchased of Jcrvo'tfc Clerke Jervoife Esquire, a certain Wharf fronting the River Thame*, and have given Notice of their Intention to purchase a Messuage or Tenement and Yard, both adjoining to the said Estate called Prince* Meadow*, and ex* tending from the said triangular Slip of Land to the River Thoma /. and the said Company of Proprietors are at the Time of passing

3 D 3 MthSL

C. lxxviii.

56° GEO. III.

AJX1816.

Labouring Coal Meters to attend their Stations.

Notice

Not ittending, &c.

Penaky.

Coal Meters not to be interested iu Sale of Coals*

Penalty.

Punishment.

Land Coal Meters may demand from Ven-

sped and measure, or fee measured or loacted, all such Coals bet wen

Buyer and Seller, and execute such other Duties as are by Lrw

required to be done by a Labouring Land Coal Meter, vithrct

Favour or Hatred., So help me GOD.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said several Land Coal Meters, shall and they are hereby required to zsex it the several Wharfs, Warehouses and other Places, at whaca be cr they shall be Rationed from time to time by the said Principal Lad Coal Meter, each and every Day (Sundayst Good Friday, ChrJ-mas Day and Fall or Thanksgiving Days by ProclamHt»a olr excepted) in each and every Year from the Twenty fifth March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, from the Hoar of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening; iri from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty £hb Dis of March, from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour of Six in the Evening; and if upon Notice being given to tnr Inch Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters so (tattooed, or Notice being left in Writing at his or their Office or Offices, or Place cr Places of Abode, to attend at any Wharf, Warehouse or other P!*: ; to be named in such Notice, within the Limits of his or their Satie: or Stations for the time being, in order to measure or fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required by this Act to be done by any Land Coal Meter at any such Wharf, Waehouse or other Place, or if Notice requiring the Attendance of a Labour* ing Land Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Wantorit or other Place to be named in such Notice^ for the Purpose of meaibag or to fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty reqmied of Labouring Land Coal Meters by this Act, shall be given at tbs Office of the said Principal Land Coal Meter, or at the hid fiiber-dinate Office; and if such Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters shall not attend pursuant to any such Notice within the Space of tour Hours from the giving of the same, and do his or their Duty 1 according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then asd b'every such case every such Labouring Land Coal Meter hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fire; Pounds.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the hid Principal Land Coal Meter, or any of the Persons to be employed under him, shall at any time or times hereafter, during his or their respective Continuance in Office or Employment as afordad, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of any Cods whatsoever, otherwise than in the Discharge of his or their hid it* spective Offices, such Principal Land Coal Meter so offending IsS, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Or hundred Pounds, and such Deputy Coal Meter, and Labouring W Meter respectively, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit ari any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and being thereof respectiriy convicted before the said Court of General or Quarter Seta, shall be dismissed from his or their said respective Office or Employment, and be for ever di&bled from holding or executing the lame or any other under this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoever feU and to be feet or taken away in any Waggon, Cart or other Cr-

dpi

56° GEO. III.

C.briiL

775

Wharf of the Breadth aforesaid; and also the Site of that Part of the said Street or Way called the Narrow Wall, hereinbefore described, abutting thereon at aforesaid; and also so much and such Part of the hud Messuage or Tenement and Yard as aforesaid t Provided always, that the said several Parcels of Land so to be transferred and assigned to and retained by the said Company of Proprietors respectively, shall be freed and discharged of and from all Contracts or Agreements entered into by His said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and the said Land so to be conveyed and aligned to His said Royal Highness in lieu thereof shall be liable to and charged with all Contreds or Agreements entered into by His said Royal Highness, to which the said Lands so to be assigned to or retained by the said Company of Proprietors are now liable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That His laid Royal Highness Enabling the the Prince of Woks, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, Prince of Wales shall and may and he and they is and are hereby empowered to make

Leases and Grants, or to enter into any further Contract or Con- &c tracts, for granting One or more Leases of all such Parts of the said exchange, triangular Slip as mall not be transferred and assigned to and retained by the said Company of Proprietors j as also of the said Wharf and Land so to be purchased, conveyed and assigned to His said Royal Highness as aforesaid $ and His mid Royal Highnefs? his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, and the King or Queen for the time being shall have the same and the like Powers and Authorities in respect to the feed Grotmd or Site so veiled in him and them by force of this Act, as he now hath, or he or they shall or may have, under add by virtue of all or any of the several Acts of Parliament made and palied, one in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to make Leases, Copies and Grants of Officer,

Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness* s Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for the other Pur* poses therein mentioned / another, made and passed in thie Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Royal Highness George Primes of Wales to grant Ltafes of cerfaitt Lands and Prendfes called Prince's Meadows, in the Parifk of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of Hie Jdid Royal Highness*$

Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purtofe of building thereon; and the Other, paded in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, Ptjfftd in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to grant Leases of certain f+and* and Premises called Prince's Meadows, in the Parifk of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal HtghneJPs Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purpose of building thereon.

X. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act or in the Lands belonging

said recked Acts contamed shall extend or be construed to extend to to ofCan"

authorise or empower the said Company to take or use any Lands

or Hereditaments belonging to the See of Canterbury, until ihe^ Cogpcgfetioabs shall have made Competition for the same in manner directed by the made, ftc. find recited Acts or this Act, sese and except only in such manner and for fitch Purports ad the said Company any lawfully take and u$ the (ante, or any Part thereof? by virtue of any Lease or Leafei already granted or hereafter to be granted by the said See.

3Di*XI. An*

Vender, &c. using Sacks of improper Di-tnenfions.

Penalty, fcc.

Coals delivered by Gang Labour need not be put into such Sacks.

What Bushel Measure to be made use of.

12 Ann. Scat. 2. c.iy. § iit ia.

Dealers, tc. using other Bufcel.

Penalty. Servants, &c. of Dealer using other Bushel.

C. Ixsrviii. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 18H

t

and Two Inches in Length by Two Feet and One Inch is Brail and no Sack shall be sealed or marked which shall not, attbetf of the marking or sealing thereof, measure in the Inside thereof Fa Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Isck in Breadth; and if anj Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dah in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, shall use or cause to be used a Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coals within thekmaia respective Limits aforesaid, not sealed or marked as afort&d, or a less Length at the time of using the same than Four Feet ad Tws Inches at the lead in the Inside thereof, or of lefa Breadth the Tws Feet and One Inch at the lead in the Inside thereof, then as is every such case every such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer« Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals shall, for every such Sax so unmarked or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit and psy any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and the Jafbce or Mxts before whom such Con vision shall take place, shall cask every fori Sack found unmarked, or deficient either in Length or Breadth, to be destroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be dcfivwtd by Gang Labour may be conveyed without the Use of such Sacks; asy thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV* And be it further enacted, That no Bofhel ftafl be kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurement of aay Cosh fold within the Limits aforesaid, which shall not be fuchBdbdunit-feribed in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Rag* of Her late Majesty Queen Antu> intituled An Act fir theJfiAjad effectual prefer vine of the Navigation of the River of Ttaary, i« flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagestan, a tbs County of Essex, and for afccrtAmng the Coal Meojwre, sad which shall not have been first stamped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at /iVeflmitflcr, or at the Guildhall, Lambs, previouily to the same being (o kept or used; and that every such Bushel, previously to being so damped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper Hoops, sad shall be so damped or marked with a Steel Indrument on the uppermot Irci or Copper Hoop; and that every such Bushel shall be krpt without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of fud Bushel all Coals shall be duly heaped up in such Bushel in the Fora: of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at kaft Six Index and the Outside of the Bushel to be the Extremity of the Btfe or such Cone; and that each and every Chaldron of unis flail co*£l of Thirty fix of such Bushels so heaped, and so in proportion for any lefTer Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, shall keep or mb use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Bushel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Bushel as afloitfiud, «d so dampt as aforesaid, or shall in any wise decrease or dinuuft aay such Bushel dampt as aforesaid, or mall permit his, her or ther Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealen in, or Verier or Venders of Coals fb offending, shall forfeit and pay, for every fad Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if ay fed Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or urisr the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders shall make use of, in admeasuring of any Coals, aay JkAel other

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. lxiii.

777

or Streets communicating therewith respectively, in such manner that any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, may be wanted, which are not contained in the Schedules to the said recited Acts or this Act annexed, or any or either of them, or in any or either of the Maps or Plans in the said recited Acts or this Act mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to carry into Effect such Variations or Aiterations, upon their obtaining the Consent of the several Owners and Occupiers, and other Persons or Parties interested in the said last mentioned Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, and all and every Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Pofiefiion, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy or otherwise, and all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees or Feoffees in Trull for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Ceftuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Person or Persons, and all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein; and all other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered to give such Consent, and thereupon to sell and convey the same, and every Part thereof, to the said Company, in like manner as if such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments had been contained in the said Schedule to this Act annexed.

' XIV. And Whereas several Parts of the Lands and Heredita-

ments which are or will be required for the Purposes of the said

recited A 61s and this A A are of Copyhold or Customary Tenure,

and Doubt8 have arisen as to the manner in which such Copyhold < or Customary Lands and Hereditaments should be conveyed to the

said Company of ProprietorsBe it therefore further enacted. That any such Lands or Hereditaments which are of Copyhold or Customary Tenure mny be surrendered into the Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors of which the same are respectively holden, to the Use of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns; and the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors (nail, if they shall think fit, be thereupon admitted to hold the same unto the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, according to the Cul-tom of the said Manor or Manors, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that if the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the time being of such Manor or Manors, shall be desirous that such Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, mall be enfranchised, Satisfaction shall be made in relpe& thereof; and such Lands and Hereditaments shall be conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, in Fee Simple, in the same or the like manner as any other Lands or Hereditaments to be taken or used for the Purposes of the said A61a.

XV. And

Conveyance of Copyholds.

Proviso for Enfranchisement.

C.lxiii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Power to make an Archway over the New Road.

Committee may agree for Pjtf of Persons for Three Yeats, and issue Tickets.

Lending

Tickets.

Penalty.

Notice of Payment of Toil to be given on a Board.

Delacing Notice.

Penalty.

Toll Collectors to put up their Names.

XV. And Whereat in order to make a gradual Ascent to tk

said Bridge on the South Side thereof, without destroying or is.

commoding the free Passage of Persons, Horses and Ctrriageialoof

the said intended Road hereby authorized to be made from the hid < Road called the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall aforehid, it«will be necessary that an Arch should be constructed or ended

over the said intended Road, and under the ascending Aiwa c or Road to the said Bridge on the South Side thereof; ' Bek therefore further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to act for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at their own proper Coils and Chvgts, fc make or cause to be made an Arch or Aren way over or upon the fud intended Road, of a Width not being lefsthan Twenty fix Feet it the Bottom or widest Space thereof, and of a Height being not lth than Twenty four Feet above the Level of certain Lands called Prince*s Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the Couatyoi Surrey.

XVI. And be R further enacted. That the Committee of tk said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority to contract or agree with any Person or Persons for his, her or thar free Passage over the said Bridge, and along the said Roads, for aiy time or times not exceeding Three Years, at any one thus for such Sum as to the said Committee shall seem meet, and thereupon to Ik One or more Ticket or Tickets to such Person or Persect, to enable him, her or them to pass Toll free over the said Bridge, and aloag the said Roads, for the time for which such Contract Hull have bees made; and if any such Person or Persons shall lend or traisfer fueli Ticket for the Use of any other Person or Persons, and whereby such other Person or Persons shall under colour of such Tick pass over the said Bridge, or through any Turnpike or Toll £v upon any of the said Roads Toll free, such Person or Personj h offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sun aot exceeding Forty Shillings, for th& Use of the said Company.

XVII. And be it further entiled, That the said Company kB and they are hereby directed and required to canfe Notice to be given by or upon a Board, to be constantly affixed on the Front of all the Turnpikes or Toll Houses to be erected on or near the ini Bridge, in large legible Characters, that the Payment of Toll at nj one Turnpike or Gate shall free and exempt the Person or Period paying the same from Payment at any other Turnpike or Gate, for or in respect of passing once over the said Bridge$ and if any Porfos or Persons shall deface or obliterate any Part of the Notice oq such Board, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay as? Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Toll CoBe&r appointed either by the said Company of Proprietors, or by say Lefiee or Lessees under them, to collect the Tolls payable at aay Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of the said recited Ada or this Act, shall and he is hereby required to place hia Out dan and Surname, painted on a Board in kgibie Chamder* id the Front or on same other confpicubus Part of & Toll Houseor Toll Gate, immediately after hia coming on Duty, and dull continue tk same (b placed during the whole time he shall be upon such Duty; and if anyCoUt&or of the said ToUa shall Act pfeot feak Board a

drift

Collectors of*

1816.

56° GEO. III.

Chxvffi

799

Person attending such Cart* Waggon or other Carriage laden Cinnan, fc&noe any such Coals as afore said, to whom such Ticket shall have

given, by or by the Directions of the Vender or Venders,

: r or Dealers, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall,

ng first received the same from the Vender nr Venders, Dealer

talers, or any Person by the Order of the Vender or Venders,

jr or Dealers) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the

hafer or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Ser-

or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or de-

red from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such

tan. Driver or other Person aforesaid so offending (nail, for every

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders What Sum of

r Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, Money to bo

sent in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, from any Wharf,

ehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Act, or any Coat* sold by

Is sold as and for Pool Measure, and delivered by Gang Labour Pool Measure.

\ or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Coal Meter I be Rationed, situate within such Limits; or the Occupier or rupiers of any such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, from or r which any such Coals shall be so sent or taken away shall, and It Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or Occupier or Occurs, is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal ter for the Execution of this Act, at and after the Rate of One illing for every Five Chaldron and One Vat so bought and sent to^to Principal: Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, as and for a Compensation for Meter* i Trouble of inspecting or superin ten ding the loading and fending ay such Coals, and such Money shall be repaid by the Purchaser Purchasers of such Coals to the Vender or Venders, Dealer or alers thereof.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Enihling Pur-

rein contained shall extend or be conftraed to extend to hinder or chafers cf Coals

event any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Coals, sold as and forj°!d Pool

wl Measure, from fending such Coals to the Premises of such ^Coals^e^*

irehafer or Purchasers, or to any Landing Place which such Pur- nvere<j without

taler or Purchasers shall appoint, (provided such Landing Place or the Intervention

remifes be not a Coal Wharf, or Place where any Meter shall by of a Meter.

rtue of this Act be stationed, ) or from having such Coals unloaded

id delivered at such Premises or Landing Place, either by Gang

abour or in any other manner, except in or by Means of any Cart,

t/aggon or other Carriage, without the Pretence, Intervention or

afpe&ion of any Land Coal Meter, and without being subject or

able to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money what foe ver

) any Land Coal Meter for or in respect of such Coals j but in case Fes for Attend-

ich Landing Place shall be within the Limits of this Act, and such ance of Meter.

'urchafer or Purchasers shall require the Care or Attendance of a

-rand Coal Meter, then he, (he or they shall have and be entitled to

uch Attendance, upon fending Notice of such his, her or their

pefue to the said Principal. Land Coal Meter's Office or to the

aid subordinate Office, and in such case such Purchaser or Pur-

ihafers shall pay and be charged for the Attendance of such Land

Coal Meter, at and after the aforesaid Rate of One Shilling for

wry Five Chaldron and One Vat of such Coals.

XIX. And

C.lxxviiL

t6n GEO. III.

A.D. 1S1*.

Carman to carry a Bushel Mea* fora io his Cart.

Stamped, Jtc.

Penalty oa Carman. Penalty on Vender, prorifo.

Venders to de-hirer Tickets of Cods sold by Wharf Meafore.

Form.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Dr^ of any Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, loaden with Coals for Si: t or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, birr Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Cr-riers of Coals from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Cnr. or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within tie Lsna aforesaid, shall not hare placed on some conspicuous Part of his Can, Waggon or other Carriage, a perfect Bushel Meafore, of tie Fern, Size or Dimensions, and so stamped or marked as berabeforr directed, (which Measure shall he provided by the Vender or Yewen of, Dealer or Dealers in or Carrier or Carriers of such Coal*, ) for and in every such case every such Carman or Driver of fads Cm, Waggon or other Carriage, not having such Bushel Meaforeiz placed I therein or thereon, shall for every such Offence forfeit azi \ pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the Vender or Vender* of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals, foil forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Proridfi always, that Coals which shall be carried or conveyed so Bdk, or n any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage belonging to the Pnrthafrr or Purchasers of such Coals, may he so carried or conveyed without thr Carman being obliged to carry a Bushel Measure therewith, or ary Person or Persons being subject or liable to aiiy Penalty or Penal: ?' in refoe& thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Voder? of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Cnh, or iron any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the Limits afanfe?, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, from air Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and arc required to deliver or cause to be delivered a printed Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver or other Person shall and is required to de-liver or cause to be delivered the same Ticket so received from sech Vender to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, for or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Cook cootasd in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be (hot or ddnerri therefrom$ and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following:

VENDER'S TICKET.

Mr. A* B. [Here insert the Name of the Buyer.]

1 T\A KE Notice, That you are to receive herewith [Here isfin tie

Number ] Sacks of [ Here insert the Name of the] Coals [Hr?

insert the Number'] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coal'

[Here insert the Number] Sack.6 of [Here insert the Nametf thj

Coals $ and that by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of so Reign of King George the Third, [Here set forth the Tub ft tfo AS] the Carman is directed to deliver this Ticket before he ioofc < any of the Coals out of his Cart, Waggon or other Carrage; sd

that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart, Waggon or other Carnap,

by which the Carman is directed to measure gratis^ under tie

Penalty of Twenty Pounds, the Coals contained so any One Sack«which the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack is to ? contain Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Oet-

<£de

D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. lxxviii-

801

side of the Measure being the Extremity of the Base thereof.

C. D. [ Here in/ert the Nam of the Vender] E. F. [.Here insert the Name of the Labouring Meter in case of the Coals being Jent from within the DistriS of the said Office. J Dated [Here jnf*r* be Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such Ticket was fgned.f

nd in case any such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealert, shall c deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid to the irchafer or Purchasers of such Coals, or to hit, her or their Ser-nt or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or livered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such ?nder or Venders, Dealer or Dealers shall for every such Offence rfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in case e Carman, Driver of or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon other Carriage, laden with any such Coals aforesaid, to whom such icket shall have been given by, or by the Direction of the Vender or coders, Dealer or Dealers, in order to be delivered to the Purcha-, shall (having so fir (I received the same from the Vender or Ven-rs, Dealer or Dealers, or any Person by the Vender's or Dealer's rders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the jyer or Buyers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or rvants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered >in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman, river or other Person aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit d pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Car-an or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with oals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers ereof by the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such oals, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or om any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, within the Limits afore-id, shall and he is hereby directed to measure gratis, if he shall be quired so to do, the Coals contained in any One of the Sacks con-ined in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, which may be losen by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or his, her - their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting on te behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, with such Bushel Mea-ire as aforesaid, in order that such Purchaser or Purchasers may be itter enabled to judge of the Necessity of having the whole of ch Coals remeasured in manner directed by this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Driver : any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with Coals for Sale,

to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers by the Vender or enders of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, Vessel, .igliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or ther Place within the Limits aforesaid, shall neglelt or refuse to easure by the said Bo(hel Measure such Sack of Coals in manner irein directed, when thereunto required by the Purchaser or Pur-wafers of such Coals, or by his, her or their Servant or Servants, or : her Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such urcbafer or Purchasers, to be measured, or if any such Carman or hirer shall drive away, or permit or suffer the said Cart, Waggon r other Carriage to be driven a^ray without measuring, in manner

86 Gto. III. S F herein

Vender not delivering Ticket,

Penalty.

Carman not delivering Ticket to Purchaser.

Penalty.

Carman required to mealure One Sack, gratis, in each Cart.

Carman driving CojI* away without measuring the Sack.

Peaalty.

Purchasers of Coals foot by Water may have the same remea-forad.

Lightermaa*leaving or not securing Craft.

Penalty on Owner.

Penalty on Lighterman.*Purchaser to fend Notice to Meter's Office of remeasuring.

Meter to attend.

Deficiency found oti Remeasurement.

Penally on Vender.

Ctonriii. O.III. A.D. 1S16.

herein directed, the bid Sack of Coal& or shall hinder, obstruffer otherwise prevent the Purchaser or Purdiafera of such Coaii.oria, her or their Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Personi whom foe ver, from measuring the bid Bushel Measure, or ill or nj Sack or Sacks in such his Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, thesai in every such case, every such Carman or Driver so offendag M lor every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceediig Tm Pounds; and the Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers kbek Coals shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Ponds XXIII* And be it further enacted, That if any PurchafadaT Coals fold and sent to such Purchaser by any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, from any Place within the Limits of this Act, shall think or suspect that the full and lawful Meafore of my fodb Coals has not been sent, and shall, before the Lighterman or otkr Person having the Care or Management of fuchShip, VeftJ, Ligkaf Barge or other Craft, have delivered up to the Purchafier, or io &> her or their Servants, such Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, and quitted the Charge thereof, and before Bast fci be broken of such Coals, signify his or her Desire to base bdi Cods renieasured, then and in every such case the Lightrrma or other Person sent with the Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or Craft ia whicl the bid Coals shall be brought, shall either conunuest tbr Lwfef Place or Premises of the Purchaser of the bid Coals, rift the hid Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, until such Coast or rr-measured, or shall leave such Ship, Vessel, Tigliter, Bailor other Craft properly fallened and made Secure at such Lao&og Hamor Premites, or as near thereto as can be, and permit the fimefo to m main there until such Coals are remeasured, under the Pemky of Ten Pounds on the Owner and Proprietor, and Forty SUDhns on the Lighterman or other Person sent with such Ship, Vdfci, Lifter, Barge or other Craft; and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend or cause to be sent to the Vender or Dealer of the fudCod % or to his or her Wharf, Notice in Writing that the bid Cods ut gomgto be remeasured, and also fend Notice in Writing thereof to the Once of the said Principal Land Coal Meter, or to the said futardmsle Office, and thereupon the Principal Land Coal Meter, or Ose of the Labouring Meters, as the cafejnay be* (not being the Meter safer whose Inipe&ion any fuclt Coals may have been ongjosBy loacted, ) shall, within Four Hours next after such Notice in'Wrinagkfc sc either of the said Offices, attend from such Office where inch fibdoe shall be so left to remeasure the said Coals, and shall acoordqgk it-measure (he same with the Buihel Measure in the Preface in the Vender or Dealer and Purchaser of the said Coils, or thor Agnus or Servants, if any of them shall attend for ihe Purpose of £eag such Coals remeasured, and in case it shall appear upon the Rom* furement of such Coals, by such Principal oh Labouring Cod Near as shall attend lor the Purpose of remeasuring of foa Cosh* that such Coals do not amount to the Quantity for which they*bld, then and in every such case, if such Coals have bees fold aimdfer Pool Measure, the Vender or Venders of. Dealer or Men* sids Coals shall in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four BdMw mi not exceed-Ten BuiheUin any Five Chaldron gndOar Vrt sHCmh so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every BdhclofCoikfctaftdt* fleient in every Five Chaldron and One Vat any Sfasot«*fag

- 8* Forty

56° GEO. III.

C. Ixvii — IxxiL

78»

Cap. lxrii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts for 13 O.1. g 15. repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcefer and Warwick, 15*'

so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Broomfgrove G* c'2

to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making continued.*a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley. (a)

Qaoth June 1816.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. Half Toll over on Sunday. Additional Trustees, J

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, for 7*8 W. 3. amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the c-County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford, is.

in the County of Norfolk. (a) [20th June 1816. J »o 0.3. c. 16.

7 G. 3. c. 76. 3aG. 3. c. ux. continued.

Cap. Ixix.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 29 G. a. g 8s. Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repair- 16 3. g 83.

ing the Road from the North End of the Town of Derby, in the 35G*3«* County of Derby, to Sbejfield, in the County of Took, and from Duffteld to Wirkfworth, in the County of Derby. (a)

[20th June 1816.]

[Former Tolls between Duffield and Sheffield repealed, and new Tolls granted. New Trustees. ]

Cap. lxx.

An Act for making and maintaining Highways, Roads, Bridges and 15 G.3. c.63. Ouays, and for regulating Ferries in the Shire of Argyll; and for 39*40 G. 3. altering and repairing certain Military and other Roads, Bridges and Quays in the said Shire, and in the Parish of Arrtchar, and rePcaled' Shire of Dumbarton. (a) [20th June 1816«3

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for altering and improving Part of the Turnpike Road, leading from the City of Dublin, to the New Packet Harbour of Howth, for the Conveyance of His Majesty's Mails; and for amending the several Laws relating to the said Road.

[20th June 1816.]

[New and additional Tolls.]

Cap. txxii.

An Act for continuing and amending Four Acts passed in the Reigns 'of their late Maiefties King George the First and King George the Second, and of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Luton to West wood Gate, in the County of Bedford, and from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, (a)

[20th June l8l$0 [Former Tolls repealedt and new Tolls granted. J

Cap

a6 G.3. c.30.

28 G. 3. c.48.

29 G. 3. g 24-31 G. 3. c. 50. 3»G.3.c.3J. 33 G. 3. c. 20. 38 G.3. C.4X.

45 G. 3. c. 43.

46 G.3. c. 134.

13 G. I. c.17.

16 G. a. c. 23.

17 G. a. c.42. 13 G. 3. c 72. 35 G. 3. g 163. continued.

Penalty.

Coal Meter's Payment for Wharf Mealure Coals.

Principal Meter to deliver to Vender, &c. a Ticket.

The Contents of such Ticket.

If Purchaser desire to have particular Sacks re-measured, Proceedings.

In what case Metage to be paid to Vender.

C. lxxviii. 56° GEO. I1L A.D. lift

dered incapable of acting as a Labouring Coal Meter, sad fork and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coala which shall be sold and delivered, ts act for Wharf Measure, at any Wharf, Warehouse or Place vithnlh Limits of this Act, and so in Proportion for any greater cr leh Quantity than a Chaldron, shall be paid by the Occupier or Osa-piera of the Wharf, Warehouse or Place from which fud Cob are taken, or by the Seller or Vender of such Coak to the fed Principal Land Coal Meter for the Execution of this Act, ui thereupon such Principal Land Coal Meter is hereby required tode-liver, or cause to be delivered, to every Seller of such Coals, ortk Carman who shall cart, lead, drive or carry away the fuse, a Paper Writing, or Ticket, signed by the Principal Laud Coal Meter, d countersigned by the Labouring Coal Meter attending and during the same, in which shall be contained the Christian aid Sutsnr or Names of the respective Seller or Seliers, Vender cr Voders, Dealer or Dealers, and also either the Christian or Surtax or Names of the respective Seller or Seliers, Vender or Veoders, and also either the Christian or Surname or Names or only the Sumac or Names of the Purchaser or Purchasers, Consumer or Gafsaen of the said Coals, and the Quantity of such Coals, and the Day of the Week, Month and Year of the Delivery, and AdnaferaBcir, and Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Nanw of the Caraan or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the hat Gob, ad also shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchiienoi&iui Coals, that if he, (he or they is or are difiatisfied with the Maine thereof, and shall desire to have all such Coals remeasured, fochDtf-satisfadion must he expressed to the Carman, before more tin Ok Sack of such Coals is (hot or unladen from the Waggon, fart or other Carriage conveying the same; and that if fuchPutcWrror Purchasers shall be so diifatissted, and shall desire to bare all or ay of the particular Sacks remaining in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage remeasured, so as to ascertain the Contents of each or acy at such particular Sacks, then that such Desire must be eipdrd to the Carman before any of the Sacks of Coals which such Purchaser or Purchasers shall delire to have remeasured, shall be (hot or o-loaden from the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the fox shall he sent; which, said Ticket, being thus made complete, ad Metage paid, shall he delivered unaltered by the Labouring Co! Meter, countersigning the same ^without* Delay to the Carman or P* son employed to cart, carry, drive or lead the Coals defenbed ia Id Ticket, to the Purchaser or Consumer therein named; whichft Ticket unaltered, the said Carman or Person therein named to he employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals in such Ticket £ Scribed, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respect* Consumers or Purchasers therein named, or to their Agent er Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in TuchT&t for the Use of such Purchaser or Consumer, and thereupon Ifck or they is and are hereby required to pay to the Seller named a U Ticket, the Metage therein lpecified, and if the Labouring Gal fr ter countersigning such Ticket, shall after Payment or Tender of the Metage charged in pursuance of this Ack, refuse to delrier tfj Ticket as hereinbefore directed to the Carman or Person capM

>D.1816

56* GEO. lit

CJxxviii.

805

cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals therein described, such La*

oring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

f Sum not exceeding Fire Pounds; and if such Carman or Person Carman refuting

iployed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals described in such to deliver Tickat

cket, shall, after the same Ticket shall have been so delivered to to purclwJ'tr'

n by the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning the same, either

er or negle£t, or refuse to deliver the same Ticket to the Purchaser

Consumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall

'.end to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, such Carman or

nrfon employed to cart, lead or drive the Coals described in such

icket, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not Penalty.

ceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Wharfingtn sealer in Coals shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or cause to giving Bribe* to; given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meter, < leter or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward r Gratuity whatsoever over and above Sixpence per Chaldron erein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Aetage of Coals measured by the Buffiel, or over and above the )ne Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat of Coals fold ly Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, every such Person o offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum Penalty, tot exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXX. And be it Further enacted, That if any Principal or La- Meter* recciv-wuring Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, a false or counter- x^ket*"8 fcited Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman or other Person, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Mooey, Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat of Coals sold by the Pool Measure, for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, or if such Principal Land or Labouring Coal Or permitting Meter shall willingly permit or suffer to be made false Measure of f*lfe Meefure to any Coals, or shall deliver a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of* mad*c* Cods, the who!* of which he shall have not seen measured, or shall couBterfign any Vender's or Dealer's Ticket for any Coals, without having inspected such Coals, or without feeing and taking care that the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been first completely emptied out of and loaded from such particular Room or Rooms so fold, then, and in every such case, every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever Serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Penalty.

Meter.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Quantity what- Vender for not soever of Coals exceeding Eight Bethels, fold or to be sold as and"

for Wharf Measure, shall be sent or driven in any Cart, Waggon or whaif other Carriage, or carried by Gang Labour from any Wharf, Ware- Measure Cod*.

3 F 3 house

80S

C.lxsviiL

56° GEO. III.

A.D.U1&

Pcukj.

Meter permitting Seeks to be used of too ftnall Dimensions.

Penalty.

Venders of Coals sold as Wharf Measure, if dif-satished, may have them re-measured.

Notice by Yen* der.

Meter to at* tend, fee.

Fee for Remee> furtmenu

Excess.

Penality.

Coeli sent by Land Carriage to be remea-ibred, if desired,

or Place, fitDate within the*Limits of this Act, wuhottbnq been measured by such Bufttel Measure as is directed anddefoibet by this Act, or without such Meter's Ticket tt aforesaid, so fyed and countersigned as aforesaid, hatring beta first obtained, or i such Ticket as aforesaid shall not be delivered to the Purchaser cr Pure haters of any such Coals, before any Part of such Oak m (hot or delivered upon the Premiles of such Purchaser or Psrdakrv then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of, Dak «r Dealers in such Coals shall, for every such Offence, forfeit ad py any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if uy Liborog Coal Meter to be appointed purfuaot to this Act, flail ofe, v knowingly permit or suffer any Sack or Sacks to be made dr of for the measuring or carrying of Coals of lets Dianfem the such Sacks as are directed to be used for that Purpose by tka Act, at any Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, tk ad in every such case, every such Labouring Coal Meter shal hr any such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding FiwPwk.

XXXIII. Provided always, aftd be it farther etuded, Tbstif any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coah (old as and for Wharf Measure shall be difiatisfied with tie Mn/woot which (halt have been made of anr such Coals at any Wharf, Ware-house or other Place of Sale within the Limits of this A4 bror under the Inspection of the Labouring Land Coil Meter hook or attending at such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, tixi in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for lack Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before such Cohwict away from such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place of Safe, to W, or cause to be sent, to the Office of the Principal Liad Col Mete for the Execution of this Act, or to the said fubordmte OSe, Notice in Writing fiunifying the Desire of such Vender* Vain of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to hive such Cosli rtsaW and then and in such case such Principal Metrr, or One of the Labouring Meters of or from such Office, not bring the Mete under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally snW, shall, within the Space of Four Hours next after such Notice a Writing left at such Office, attend to remeasure the hid Coals, sc shall accordingly remeasure the same, Sack by Sack, by tk Bok Measure, in the Presence of such Vender or Venders of or Dob or Dealers in such Cools, or his, her or their Agent or Stnai, <* Agents or Servants, and for such Remeasurement such Vender cr Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals shall pay, or anse to be paid, to the said Principal Coal Meter the Sum of Sixp«r for every Chaldron of Coals so remealured, and in case it W appear upon such Remeasurement that the Coals so retncifarrd U

exceed the Quantity for which the same were fold, then aodnhd case if such Excels shall be equal or amount to or exceed Tu Buihels in any Chaldron so reineasured, the Meter who M odd such Coals (nail for every Bushel so exceeding such Qouttj* aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shulingi together sd all the Expences of such Remeasurement.

XXXIV* Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thatif*1 Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servmt orScroft shall be dissatisfied with the Measure of any Cosli fold or to fe

deW

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. lxiii.

777

or Streets communicating therewith respectively, in such manner that any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, may be wanted, which are not contained in the Schedules to the said recited Acts or tills Act annexed, or any or either of them, or in any or either of the Maps or Plans in the said recited Acts or this Act mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to carry into Effect such Variations or Aiterations, upon their obtaining the Consent of the several Owners and Occupiers, and other Persons or Parties interested in the said last mentioned Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, and all and every Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy or otherwise, and all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees or Feoffees in Trull for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and SuccelTors, but also for and on behalf of their Ceftuique Trulls, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Person or Persons, and all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein; and all other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity what soever is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered to give such Consent, and thereupon to sell and convey the same, and every Part thereof, to the said Company, in like manner as if such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments had been contained in the said Schedule to this Act annexed.

XIV. And Whereas several Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments which are or will be required for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act are of Copyhold or Customary Tenure, and Doubts have arisen as to the manner in which such Copyhold 4 or Customary Lands and Hereditaments Should be conveyed to the said Company of ProprietorsBe it therefore further enacted, That any such Lands or Hereditaments which are of Copyhold or Customary Tenure mny be surrendered into the Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors of which the same are respectively holden, to the Use of the said Company of Proprietors, their SuccelTors and Assigns $ and the said Company of Proprietors or their SuccelTors mail, if they shall think fit, be thereupon admitted to hold the same unto the said Company of Proprietors, their SuccelTors and Assigns, according to the Cul-tom of the said Manor or Manors, any Law or Uiage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that if the said Company of Proprietors, or their SuccelTors, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the time being of such Manor or Manors, shall be defi-rout that such Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, mall be enfiranchifed, Satisfaction shall be made in respect thereof; and such Lands and Hereditaments shall be conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, in Fee Simple, in the same or the like manner as any other Lands or Hereditaments to be taken or used for the Purposes of the said Acts.

XV. And

Conveyance of Copyholds.

Proviso for En-franchiseraent.

808

C. lxxviii.

58" GEO. III:

AJ3.1W.

Fee to be paid by Purchaser for Remetfurement.

Deficiency appearing on Re-measurement.

Penalty on Vender.

If Cosh fold for Wharf Measure. Penalty.

Penalty on Labouring Meter.

Penalty on Coal Porters.

When Deficiency, and Coals sold as for Pool Measure. Penalty on Vender.

Penalty.

Proviso.

Meter his or their Option or Desire as to which of the fad Two Ways he or they would wish such Remeasurement to be tiknor made in, then and in evenr such case such Meter shall proofed is remeasure such Coals in such manner, and so as to afeertso tb whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks tab i together, and for such Remeasurement such Purchaser or Porctdai I shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Principal Land Coal Mac or.Coal Meters, of and from the Office to which Notice fai for been sent as aforesaid. Sixpence for every Chaldron of Cask fb remeasured; and in case, upon the Remeasurement of aar fad Coals which shall be so remeasured as to ascertain the Cootentsdf each particular Sack thereof, it shall appear to the Meter so re. measuring the same, that any Sack or Sacks of such Coaii fhAnot contain Three Bushels, then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall for every Sad of Coals that shall be so found deficient on such Rcmeafarawt forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in dr, upon the Remeasurement of any such Coals as aforesaid, which Hall be remeasured in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the same {ball have been sent taken together, it shall appear to such Meter as afmrfad that the Coals thus remeasured do not amount to the Qtanbry far which they were fold, then if such last mentioned Cods hS be been sold as and for Wharf Measure, the Vender or Vndm of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay for ewy Bushel of Coals found deficient any Sum not exceeding lings, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coala so found or wanting in Measure to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Coals shall be so remeasured, and the Labouring Mete under whose Inspection the Coals were first measured shall for every Bushel so deficient forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Titbit 1 Shillings; and the Coal Porters who shall have first meafum) fuel Coals for the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers thereof, M for every Bushel of Coals so wanting forfeit and pay any Sob Ml exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence; but if any such Coals so remeasured in the manner last mentioned, and so found to amount to less than the Quantity for which the same were fold, shall hate bees sold as and for Pool Measure, then the Vender or Venders of, Dcikr, or Dealers in such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Five ChaMrot and One Vat so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Based of Coals so found deficient in every such Five Chaldron and One V* any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case such Defkbcy shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldron and OneVxfc retaeasured, then and in such case such Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every to Bushel so deficient in every such Five Chaldron and One Vat aj Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided nevertheless, thit so such Coals so fold and sent shall be remeasured so as to afttrtsa the whole Quantity of such Coals taken together, after more tk One Sack of such Coals shall have been (hot or debvered foi such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage into or upon the Ma of such Purchaser or Purchasers, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

' XBVIW

56° GEO. III.

C lxxiir.

789

A&A816.

every Year be deposited in some convenient Place at the Custom on i ft September House in the Port of London, which the Commissioners of the Cuf« in every Year* toms, or any Four or more of them, are hereby required to appoint to be the Omce of the Customs Annuity and benevolent Fund, for the Perusal of each and every Subscriber who may demand the same at any convenient or appointed Hour, for the Space of One Calendar Month from the said First Day of September

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall, Diwftont© and they are hereby declared to have the full, entire and exclusive foil M«n-Controul and Management of and over the said Fund, and every ^Sd^nd tu thing relating thereto, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, under alter and make and Tubjed to such Provisions, Directions, Regulations and Reftric- new Rule*, &c. lions, as may have been made in that behalf; and it shall be lawful upon certain for such Directors, if they shall at any time after any such Rules, ConAt, 00fc Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription shall have been

made think it necessary, from time to time to alter any such Rules,

Regulations and Tables of Rates-of Subscription, and to make any new and additional Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription which may appear to be efiential or expedient for the better Regulation, Management and Controui of the said Fund:

Provided always, that no such Alterations of any Rule, Regulation Proviib. or Table of Rates of Subscription already established, or new Rule,

Regulation or Table of Rates of Subscription shall be valid or effectual or enforced, until the same shall have been approved by such Subscribers to the said Fuad as may be qualified for that Purpose, and in the manner set forth in the Rules and Regulations in force at the time, and by the Coromissioners of the Customs, or any Four or more of them, and ratified and confirmed by such Judge or Baron as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Act to be a and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice Public Aft-of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE A,

T A* B. do hereby certify to you, That I accede to the Quarterly X Contribution of Poundage authorized by an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of "the Reign of His present Majesty, in aid of the general Purposes of the " Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund."

A. B.

Dated.18 .

SCHEDULE B.

T A. B. do hereby certify to you, That I decline acceding to the x Quarterly Contribution of Poundage authorized by an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in aid of the general Purposes of the< Customs Annuity and Benevolent Fund." B*

Dated 18 -

G*p.

3 E 3

Or Labouring Meter refuting te rtnaeafure.

Penalty.

Pordufer ob-ftruding Reroea-furtment.

Penalty.

Carmen to be paid fur being kept.

Rate of Payment.

Regulations ante Coals sold by Weight

lafpe&ion of Coals.

Fee to Principal Meter for in-*-td»on of Is.

CtnviiL

56* GEO* Hi.

aj), m

Notice aft aforesaid, shall negfefe ot cefofe, within tif&tti Four Hour* after the receipt of such Notice, to feod tLfeuw Meter or Meters to the House, Lodging or other FnibifU Pnrchafer or Pardnitn accocdingly, or if any I*boang Ld Cool Meter or Meter* fhiU refoie or negfeft to kaaSm fa Coala, then and in every such case the Principal or Subordn* Land Coal Meter, or Labouring Land Cool meter or then, b offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit: and pay any ha at exceeding Site Pound*; and if ant such Paeclmfe orFknUe^ or any other Person or Persona, shall pretest, obfatd aiftenp, or attempt to prevent any such Remeafnrement bring preceded* and made by such Labouring Coal Meter or Metera, lent by the hi Principal or Subordinate Land Coal Meter, in ca&uuaaidm such Notice, then and in every such case such Partner or Par-chafer*, or other Person or Person* so offending, fall ferneryfbdi Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tei Fomk

XXXIX. Provided always, and- be it further Tkt via madia* often aft any Cart, Waggon or other Cmriage shall he topped or detained for the Purpose or under Pretence of reneifamg fe Coal*, or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of eiery fad Cat Waggon or other Carriage, shall'be eatitfed to thoSnof Ibn {Mailings per Hour, for every Hour the Cart (Ml befedetmri, fed! fa in Proportion for any Era&ion of an Hoar, oKrrifa the ufoal Cartage of such Coals, which Three Shfegi ktBmr shall be paid by the Vender of or Dealer in the WCofeafe the same or any Part thereof shall upon the RemeakRanttbmri be found deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of fodbCfe, in case the same shall not he resaeaiured, or fall upas ifa measurement he found to amount to the Quantity fer rife to Coala were fold.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Coals which JUlbtUd by Weight, at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place mthii tk Limit* of this Act, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggo* or cfa Carriage to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall be sold tr weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weiribtooaihu of One hundred and twelve Pound* Avoirdupoise, and Tweity fa Hundred Weight shall be deemed and taken to be One Too; nd all such Coal* so to be sold shall be weighed sod loaded ft fa Wharf or Warehouse, or other Place of Safe, in thePrefewrofOft of the Labouring Land Coal Meter* to be appointed purfgpttoM Act, and such Labouring Land Coal Meter it hereby aifaiw and required to superintend and inspedi the weighing and feafegri all such Coak so told by Weight, in order that Inch Mew m fee and he fetiafied that in every such Loading th» M ^cvI*Goal* is actually given, which shall he exprefirainfaVirDOT* Dealer's Ticket, and fitch Meter may refute to coM!e7?J? Vender's or Dealer's Ticket of any such Coals, in case Ml not fee that the full and proper Weight shall he ing to the Quantity which shall he expended in ffa Dealer's Ticket, but such Mdter shall, and he i* hereby

eouoterfign the same, in case the proper Weight (bill be fag to such Quantity of Coals' expressed in such Vender^ r?wfeati; and for such Inspefeaoo of such Coafe fe foM2* be paid by.tba, Vqider 1tr Y&dtr % JPfetf#

56° GEO. III.

<7. lxiii

781

refled with all the Functions, Powers and Authorities by the said cited Act given to the said Commissioners therein mentioned, and all be subject to all the Restrictions, Clauses, Provisoes and nadlments in the same Act contained in relation to the said Com-issioners.

XXIV. And be it further enadfeed, That the said recited Acts of e Forty ninth and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty, and 1 and every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, rrovisions, egulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things hatsoever therein contained, so far as the same were in force at ie time of passing this Act, and also so far as the same are not : p ref sly altered or repealed by this Act, shall extend and be con-rued to extend and operate, and be in full Force and Effect, with fpefl to all matters and things to be done, or which may arise in ie Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same and rery of them were repeated and reenacted in this Act, and were ade Part thereof; and the same recited Acts and this Act shall, as > all matters and things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be construed i One Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of obtaining nd passing of this Act shall be paid by the said Company out of ie first Monies arising or to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts r of this Act, or any of them, or now in the Hands of the said !ompany.

XXVI. And be il further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed nd taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice f as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially (leaded.

49 3» c.191.

53 G. 3.e. 184. and chit Ad to be construed at one Ad.

For defraying Expence* of Ad.

Public Act

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Parish and County. 35 8 DESCRIPTION of PROPERTY.

1. Shed

3? .. 3. Yard, Ac.

3* Sewer -

PQ at So! 4* Lately a Shed* now

<5 P pulled down, lately

MelTrs. Phelps and

>0 ei Co.

< § S' Yard extending'}

So northward to Nar->

row Wall - -j

5-s 6. Shed - Ditto

<.s 7- Small Dwelling House

& 8. Public House and Yard, White Swan -

OWNERS.

OCCUPIERS.

Strand Bridge Company - - Ditto

{Strand Bridge Company.

- - Ditto.

Archbishop of Can-" terbury; Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Esquire, Leaseholders -

Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Esquire.

- - - - Ditto

- - Ditto.

- - - Ditto -- - - - Ditto -T Archbishop of CanO < terbury; Whitbread > (.and Co. Leaseholders J

Thomas Vince..James Bone.

George Pitman.

C. lxxviiL

S5°GEO.IIL

LMs.

The (taring of of different Sorts of Coals in a Warehouse not to be prevented, provided such Sorts be kept in different Parcels.

Such Coals not to be sold otherwise than h v Wharf Measure. end with the Names of each Son expire (Ted in the Ticket.

Penalty.

Provisions re-(peding Coal Sheds or Warehouses where Coals are fold in Quantities not exceeding One Half Chaldron.

Proviso for Coals to be sold by the Name of " Mixed Coals.*

Act not to prevent Sale of Coals already

Such Coals to he described as Warehouse CoaU.

Fines and Penalties not exceeding Twenty Pounds to be recovered before

XLIII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That vrtw herein contained shall extend, or be taken orconftruedtoeitr<ic at to hinder or prevent any such Vender or Venders of, or Deakroi Dealers in Coals within the Limit! of this Act, from layn? cr storing up for Sale in any Warehouse or Repofitorj, orotbcrc» venient Place, any Quantities whatsoever of Coals of amurSorti, Names or Descriptions as he, (he or they shall respectn'JH'ssi fit, provided such different Sorts, Names or Deforiptiosi i Guii be refpodtively laid and kept in such Warehouse or other Repertory in separate and di&intt Pareels, and wholly unmised; s&dpnr^ no such Coals be sold by any other than Wharf Measure, or tsW the true Name or Names of every or any of such Sorts of fodiCsb as shall be sold and sent from any such Warehouse or other Repofitorr being expressed in the Vender's Ticket to be sent themnthtoxT Purchaser or Purchasers, and if any such Vender or Venders, c Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be (old byasy ocher than by Wharf Measure any Coala out of any such Wadwde or other Repository in which Two or more different Sorts of Cotkuj be ffored or deposited, or shall not insert or canfe to be inserted is the Vender's or Dealer9! Ticket to be sent with such Coals the true Name or Names of each and every Sort of such Cosh as lull be sent from or out of any such Warehouse, Repository or other Suce, to any Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every fnefi ale ftej such Vender or Dealer so offending, shall, for every such Osext, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty P«ak XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, TVtwding herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, ton to hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dolma Coals, within the Limits of this A A, who shall keep any Shed, Shop or Warehouse, where Coals shall be sold in Quantities not grater than One Half Chaldron, and where no Coals shall ever be foldh any Quantities exceeding One Half Chaldron, from mixing or bopeg up together, or causing to be mixed or heaped up together m loch Shed, Shop or Warehouse, any Quantity or Quantities ibufotw, of any and as many different Sorts, Names or Defcripboos of Cads, as he, (he or they shall respectively think fit, or from (dlog or causing to be sold, such Coals when so mixed: Provided oevertbekk, that such Coals, when so mixed, shall be sold as, for and by theKusr of " Mixed Coals, 99 and shall not be sold in any Quantities excee&g Half a Chaldron, nor shall be sold at any other Place than ai tk Shop, Shed or Warehouse, where the same shall have been femed XLV. Provided also, and be it further eoacted, That wttaf herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of or Detlrr or Data in Coals within the Limits of this Act, from felling or cn % t#b fold any Mixed Coals whatsoever, which shall have been mini* any time before the passing of this Act: Provided nevertheWi, tit such Coals shall be sold as and for, and shall be defaibedith Vender's or Dealer's Ticket to be sent therewithal and for adty the Name of " Warehouse Coals."

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Pemba* Forfeitures by this Act imposed, f the manner of levying indite vexing whereof is not qtberwife hereby directed, ) not exceed Twenty Pounds, shall be sued for within One Cakmdar Month

ifwr

A.D. 181&

56° GEO. in.

C. lxifi.

Buildings and Premises required to be taken and used for thi Puf-pofes of the same Ad; and upon Payment or Tender of the Amount of such Compensation for such Buildings, and the said Damage, the same, and every Part thereof, together with so much of the Site thereof as shall be necessary and iufficient for making and constructing such New Road, shall be and become vested in and be the Property of the said Company.

VIII. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, after reciting, that in the making and construtikg of the Road, leading from the South Foot of the said intended'Bridge, a small triangular Slip or Piece of Ground would intervene between the said' Bridge Road and the Estate of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wale* as Duke of Cornwall\ called Prince9! Meadows; and that His said Royal Highness had consented to give up and agreed to assign to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, all the Land which should be required out of the said Estate for the making and con-ftruding the intended Road leading to Stamford Street, without receiving any Compensation or Payment for the Value of the same, in confiaeration that the said Company of Proprietors fhduld purchase the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land which would so intervene between the said first mentioned Road and the said Estate called Prince9s Meadows, and assign the same, without any Compensation or Payment for the Value thereof, unto His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs' and Successors Dukes of Cornwall; it was further enactedj that the said Company of Proprietors should and might, and they were thereby authorized and empowered to purchase the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land thereinbefore mentioned, being of the Length of Nine hundred and fizty four feet, or thereabouts, on the West Side thereof, and of the Breadth of One hundred and sixty Feet, or thereabouts, at the North End thereof; and to assign the same and every Part thereof unto His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, thenceforth to be and remain forever Part and Parcelof the Duchy of Cornwall: And Whereas since the passing of the said recited Act His Royal Highness the Prince or Wales hath entered into a Contract for the granting of One Lease or several Leases of the said Estate called Prince9s Meadows, and of the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land, for several Terms for Years in the said Contract mentioned, of the Parcels respectively: And Whereas the said Company of Proprietors, in pursuance of such Agreement, and under the several Authorities in the said recited Acts contained, have purchased of the Principal, Fellows and Scholars of Jesus College of Queen Elizabeth*s Foundation, . within the City and University of Oxford; and of John Hanburj Beaufoy and Thomas James, their several Estates and Interests of and in the said triangular Slip or Piece of Land, and other Land adjoining thereto; and they nave also, under the like Authorities, purchased of Jervoife Cleric Jervoife Esquire, a certain Wharf fronting the River Thames, and have given Notice of their Intention to purchase a Messuage or Tenement and Yard, both adjoining to the said Estate called Prince9! Meadows, and ex* tending from the said triangular Slip of Land to the River Thames /. and the said Company of Proprietors are at the Time of paffinp

C. lxxviii.

56« GEO. III.

A-t).I6ld

81*

Costs.

Appeal.

Final.

Certiorari.

Summoning

witnesses.

Kqt attending.

Penalty.

Such Pet (one may be apprehended,

and examined on Oath.

Refuting to be fwutn. Scc.

Imprisonment.

Perjury.

Penaltiet above nob how to be recovered.

such Appeal, and may either confirm or qtxafh and amend dm hid Convidnon, and award such Costs to either Party as to them the Bad Justices shall seem just and reasonable, and the Dedfion of the Cmd Justices therein shall be final, binding and conelusive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be qnaftrd or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed bj Ctrharari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Maqeftj's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and teybe lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace bekn whom any such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures shall be Toed for, to Summon before him or them any Person or Persons who shall in or hr the Complaint or Information made to him or them appear to be a xleceflary Witness as to the matters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at a time and Place to be Specified in the Surname tod in case Such Person So Summoned shall not appear according to feeh Summons, then upon due Proof of the Service of such Sammons is manner afore Said, Such Person So Summoned and not appeiring is Compliance therewith, shall forfeit and pay any Sam not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manner tad by fuqh Ways and Means as is hereinbefore directed as to othrr Penalties; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to cause such Person to be apprehended by Warrant, under the Hand tad Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, and to be brought before him or them, and thereupon, whether such Person bast meet upon Summons as aforesaid, or shall be apprehended as afott&d, Justice or Justices shall and may proceed to examine him or her opc* Oath as to the matter of such Complaint or Information; and k case such Person shall refuse to be sworn or to answer, or to give Evidence therein, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his Hand and Sol, or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person so refufixxgto be firms, or to answer or to give Evidence as aforesaid, to the Cornmos Gad or House of Correction of the County or Place in or for which fad Justice or Justices shall then ad, there to remain for any Space of tine not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

L. And be it further enacted, That if anjr Person or Pdfoat spoc his, her or their Examination upon Oath, before any Justice or Jotai df the Peace, acting in Execution of this Act, shall wilfuHy and corruptly give false Evidence touching any matter or thing rehhnvto this Act, or if any Person or Persons mall take or make any Me Oath or Affidavit, with respect to any matter or thing relating to tAa Ad, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such to and Penalties as by any Law in Force and Effect, Persons gsfey of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures exceeding the Sum of Tweiity Pounds by this Act impo&d for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, (Hr ad may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bui, Plaint or Infbnutno, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJhMbr, wfcerdb no 'Effoigfl, Protection, Wager of Law or any more mtn One he-parlance shall be allowed by me Person or Persons who JhaO inform

and

AJX1I1S.

56* GEO.IIL

C.btiL

775

Wharf of the Breadth aforesaid; and also the She of that Part of the find Street or Way called die Narrow (Fall, hereinbefore described, abutting thereon at aforesaid; and also so much and such Part of the fold Messuage or Tenement and Yard as aforesaid t Provided always, that the foid several Parcels of Land so to be transferred and assigned to and retained by the said Company of Proprietors respectively, shall be freed and discharged of and from all Contra&a or Agreements entered into by His said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and the said Land so to be conveyed and assigned to His said Royal Highness in Heu thereof shall be liable to and charged with all Contracts or Agreements entered into by His said Royal Highness, to which the said Lands so to be assigned to or retained by the said Company of Proprietors are now liable.

IX. And be it further eroded, That His said Royal Highness Enabling the the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, Prince of Wales shall and may and he and they is and are hereby empowered to make

Leases and Grants, or to enter into any further Contract or Con- &c. ttken in* tnds, for granting One or more Leases of all such Parts of the said exchange, triangular Slip as (nail not be transferred and assigned to and retained by the said Company of Proprietors; as also of the said Wharf and Land so to be purchased, conveyed and assigned to His said Royal Highness as aforesaid; and His mid Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, and the King or Queen for the time being shall have the same and the like Powers and Authorities in wiped to the fotd Grotmd or Site so vested in him and them by force of this Act, as he now hath, or he or they shall or may have, tinder and by virtue of all or any of the several Acts of Parliament made and passed, one in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefect Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Hie Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to make Leaps, Copies and Grants of Officer*.

Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness* s Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for the other Pur* poles therein mentioned; another, made and passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His

Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to grant Leases of certain Lands and Premfes called Prince's Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal Highness*s Duchy of Cornwall, for toe Purtofe of building thereon; and the Other, passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, Ptsfid in the Fiftieth Year of His present Mayfly, to enable His Royal Htghnefs the Prince of Wales So grant Leases of certain Lands and Preddjes called Prince's Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal HtghneJPs Dacbp of Cornwall, for the Purpose of building thereon.

X. And be it further eroded, That nothing in this Act or in the Lindt belonging

said recked Acts contained shall extend or be construed to extend to 10 Can-

authorise or empower the find Company to take or use any Lands ^rul£J "^lo

or Hereditaments belonging to the See of Canterbury, until the^ Competition ba. shall have made Compensation for the same in manner directed by the mtdef&c.

find recked Ada or tbk Ad, fove and except only in such manner and for such Purposes atf the said Company may lawfully take and use the fruorie, or any Part thereof, by virtue of any Lease or Leases already granted or hereafter to be granted by the said See.

9D I 1 XI* And-

Clxiii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. ISIS.

Premises Ute of Messrs. Phelps and Company may be taken.

Satiffadion to be made in graft Sums.

Incapacitated Persons empowered to convey Lands to the Gammy by Confetti

XI* And Whereas it is by the said first recited Act eaa&d,

that nothing therein contained should extend or be construed to a*

tend to enable the said Company of Proprietors to take or use or

otherwise to intermeddle with any Wharf, Road, Houses, Buildings,

Grounds or Premises in the said Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in ' the said County of Surrey, then in the Occupation of Sand 4 Phelps, Richard Troward, and Abraham Bracebridge, trading

under the Finn of Phelps and Company, without the Content in

Writing of the said Samuel Phelps, Richard Troward and Abroha* 4 Bracebridge, first had and obtained for that Purpose: And Whereas

the said Company of Proprietors have obtained the Content in

Writing of Sir William Paxton, Knight, Sir Charles Coclmh 4 Baronet, and Charles Greenwood* Esquire, (in whom the same 4 Premises have become vested for all the Estate and Interect, late

of the said Samuel Phelps, Richard Troward and Abraham Breabridge therein, ) authorizing them the said Company of Proprietors

to take and ule for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this 4 Ad, so much and such Part of the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds

and Premises as are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and also

all that Piece or Parcel of Ground formerly called Heameys Wharf} Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority to take and use so much of the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds and Premises, as are mentioned in the said Schedule to this Act, and that the said Piece or Parcel of Ground formerly called HeamPs Wharf shall be subject to such and the same Powers and Provisions as the same would hare been subject to, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, in case no such Consent as aforesaid had been made requisite by the said first recited Act: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors shall not be subject or liable to take or use any greater Part of the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds and Premises, than as aforesaid*

XII* And be it further enacted, That Satisfaction for any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be used or taken for the Purposes or under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, or for any Injury or Damage that shall be done or occasioned in carrying the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, into Execution, shall be made in the manner directed by the said first recited Act, with respect to any Lands taken or used, or any Injury or Damage done in the Execution of the same Ad, except only that the Satisfaction to be made for any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buddings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall hereafter be taken or used for the Purposes or under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, shall always be made by the Payment of a Sum of Money in gross, and not otherwise; and that so much of the said recited Acts, or either of them, as directs such Compensation to be made by an Annual Rent or Annul Payment, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Company of Proprietors, that it will be more convenient and advisable to vary, alter or improve any Part of the Roads by the said recited Acts and this Act authorized to be made, ortheAccefs or Approaches to the said Bridge, or either of them, or any Roads

or

K 1816,

66° GEO. III. C. lxxxii-Jxxxiv.

817

Cap. lxxxii.

Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the 34 G* 3* eign of His present Majesty, for Paving, Lighting, Watching id otherwise improving the several Streets and other Public laces upon certain Lands near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of aint Poner at* in the County of.Middlesex. [ift July 1816.]*

Cap. Ixxxiii.

Act for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the : ity of CariyU. (6) [ift July 1816.]

Cap. Ixxxiv.

Act for erecting Buildings for the Accommodation of the Court A Chancery. [2d July 1816.]

I \f HEREAS under and by virtue of an Act made and paised' 53 G.3.c-4* V\ in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present lajesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Adminifration of Justicey nd of the several Acts therein mentioned or referred to, and by irtue of divert Orders of the High Court of Chancery made for lat Purpose, in pursuance of the said several Acts, divers Sums of ioney have been from time to time taken out of the common and s eneral Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, which ly dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and placed out a the Marne of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government and Hrliameptary Securities have been carried to an Accouut, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security )f the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, 9 and the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom have in like manner been laid out and carried to an Account, intituled*Account of Securities pur*

; chafed with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an*

Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery : 9 And Whereas under and by virtue of the above recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Sir Thomas P/umer9 Knight, hath been duly appointed Vice Chancellor of England, and hath hitherto held his Sittings, out of Term, as such Vice Chancellor, in the Council Chamber of the Honourable Society of Lincoln9s Inn, in the County of Middlesex; but the same is not a convenient or proper Place for that Purpose, and such Ufc and Occupation thereof is very Inconvenient to the said Society; and it would be of advantage and an Accommodation to the Public if a proper and convenient Court for the said Vice Chancellor, with or without a proper Communication between the said Court and*Lincoln's Inn Hally was erected and built for holding the Sittings of the said Court, and for the Accommodation of the Suitors thereof:

' And Whereas the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn have Society of Lirv. 4 coofented and agreed to grant a Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground co!n'« Inn has 4 at the West End of and adjoining the Council Chamber of theJ>jest

4 (rid 8ockty, for the Purpose of Building such new Court thereon,

4 on condition that the Fee Simple of such Piece of Land or Ground, ' Court 4 and all Buildings to be erected and built thereon, fhtll be and 560xo. III. 5 G 4 remain

77*

C.lxiii.

56s GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Power to make an Archway over the New Road.

Committee may agree for Pass.tge of Personsfor Three Yeais, and issue Tickets.

Lending

Tickets.

Penalty.

Notice of Payment of Toll to be given on a Board.

Defacing Notice.

Penalty.

Toll Collectors to put up their Names.

Colledon offending

' XV. And Whereas in order to make a gradual Ascent to the

said Bridge on the South Side thereof, without destroying or in- commoding the free Passage of Persons, Horses and Carnages along

the said iutended Road hereby authorized to be made from the said Road called the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall aforehid, k < will be necessary that an Arch Should be con&ru£fced or eiedrd 4 over the said intended Road, and under the ascending Avenue

or Road to the said Bridge on the South Side thereof ; Be k therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to sad for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at their own proper Coils and Charges, to make or cause to be made an Arch or Arenway over or upon the hid intended Road, of a Width not being less than Twenty fix Feet it the Bottom or widest Space thereof, and of a Height being not Iris than Twenty four Feet above the Level of certain Lands called Prince* Meadowy in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority to contract or agree with any Person or Perform for his, her or their free Passage over the said Bridge, and along the said Roads, for asy time or times not exceeding Three Years, at any one time for such Sum as to the said Committee shall seem meet, and thereupon toiflbe One or more Ticket or Tickets to such Person or Persons, to enable him, her or them to pass Toll free over the said Bridge, and along the said Roads, for the time for which such Cootrad shall hare bees made; and if any such Person or Persons shall lend or transfer fsefa Ticket for the Use of any other Person or Persons, and whereby such other Person or Persons shall under colour of such Ticket pass over the said Bridge, or through any Turnpike or Toll Bar upon any of the said Roads Toll free, such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for the Use of the said Company.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and they are hereby directed and required to cause Notice to be given by or upon a Board, to be constantly affixed on the Front of all the Turnpikes or Toll Houses to be erected on or near the said Bridge, in large legible Characters, that the Payment of Toll at asy one T urn pike or Gate shall free and exempt the Person or Perfeoi paying the same from Payment at any other Turnpike or Gate, far or in respect of passing once over the said Bridge; and if any Person or Persons shall deface or obliterate any Part of the Notice on such Board, he. She or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Toll Cohedor appointed either by the said Company of Proprietors, or by any LeSTee or Lessees under them, to collect the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of the fold recited Acts or this Act, shall and he is hereby required to place; his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in Srgibte Characters, in the Front or on Some other confpioubus Part of the Toll Houfo or Tafl Gate, immediately after his coming on Duty, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole time he shall be upon such Duty; and if anyColkdor of the said ToUs shall not phot funk Board as

afofdaid.

56° GEO. III. C. lxxxii-Jxxxiv.

817

Cap. Ixxxii.

to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the 34 G* 3* rign of His present Majesty, for Paving, Lighting, Watching c.chxiii. d otherwise improving the several Streets and other Public aces upon certain Lands near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of tint Pancratj in the County of.Middlesex. [xft July 1816.]'

Cap. Ixxxiii.

Act for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the ity of CarliJL. (6) [ift July 1816.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

Act for erecting Buildings for the Accommodation of the Court I Chancery. [2d July 1816.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act made and passed 53 G.3. c. 14* f\ in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present tajesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of JuJHcef ' id of the several Acts therein mentioned or referred to, and by rtue of divert Orders of the High Court of Chancery made for tat Purpose, in pursuance of the said several Acts, divers Sums of loney have been from time to time taken out of the common and eneral Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, which y dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and placed out 1 the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government and hurliamentary Securities have been carried to an Account, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security if the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery/ and the Intereil md Dividends arising therefrom have in like manner been laid out uid carried to au Account, intituled*Account of Securities pur* dialed with Surplus Intereil arising from Securities carried to an*

Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery: And Whereas under and by virtue of the above recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Sir Thomas Plume r9 Knight, hath been duly appointed Vice Chancellor of England, and hath hitherto held his Sittings, out of Term, as such Vice Chancellor, in the Council Chamber of the Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex; but the same is not a convenient or proper Place for that Purpose, and such Ufc and Occupation thereof is very Inconvenient to the said Society; and it would be of advantage and an Accommodation to the Public if a proper and convenient Court for the said Vice Chancellor, with or without a proper Communication between the said Court and Lincoln's Inn Hall % was erected and built for holding the Sittings of the said Court, and for the Accommodation of the Suitors thereof:

And Whereas the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn have Society of Lin* confuted and agreed to grant a Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground coin'* hmhas'ai West End of and adjoining the Council Chamber of the #J?jeift

iety, for the Purpose of Building such new Court thereon, #

ion that the Fee Simple of such Piece of Land or Ground,Court, buildings to be eroded and built thereon, 'shall be and 0.111. S G < remain

816

Notice.

Treble Colts.

Act not to liter or repeal 47 G. 3. Seff. a. c. Ixriii.

Commencement of Act.

Public Act.

35 G. j. 0, 136. continued.

10 G.3. c. too. 33 0.3. c. 138. 54 G. 3. c. ccs. continued.

33 a.ft.c.35.

I9G.J.C. AX. repealed.

C. lxxviii — lxtxi. 56° GEO. III. AJ).Ul(*

Audi arise; and if any such Adkra or Suit dull be brought befeq Twenty one Days9 Notice shall have been given, or after a iScet Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time \md for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall End for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Pbkis or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her or tbdr A&e or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall hate appear^ or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recomTrtble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as »y Defendant hath for Costs of Suit, in other cases by Law.

LV1. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That noting in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter or vary any Part or Parts of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Myrtj, bat that the said Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Claufa, Peukw and Forfeitures therein contained, shall be as good, valid and e&cbil, to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act (hallcommence and take place from and after the passing thereof.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deesied and taken to be a Public Act and shall be judicially taka Noriaof as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being fpedaftr pleaded.

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His prefect Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hor/eh Upright G&, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wmt % to the Top of Kingjdown Hill, in the Parish of Box, in the said County, ft! several other Roads near or adjoining thefeto. (a)

OfthJhriM]

[Additional Trusteet.']

Cap. lxxx.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts of His present Majofty's Reign, For repairing the Highways from Spegnbamland, in the County of Berlin to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts % and other Roads therein rationed, so far as relates to the Speenhamland District of the hid Roads, (a) [a6th 1816.]

[Additional Trvftees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls pastel)

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for the more efiedual Security and Improvement of the Harbour of Now Shorthorn, in the County of Sujex.

t*ftJulj M]

Cep

56° GEO, III.

C, lxiii.

781

veiled with all the Fun ft ions, Powers and Authorities by the said cited Act given to the said Commissioners therein mentioned, and tall be subject to all the Restrictione, Clauses, Provisoes and naftments in the same Act contained in relation to the said Com-illionera.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts of 49 G.3. c. 191. le Forty ninth and Fifty third Years of His present Nfaiefty, and S3 3- 184. 1 and every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, rrovisions,

Legulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things a. hatsoever therein contained, so far as the same were in force at

te time of passing this Act, and also so far as the same are not tpressly altered or repealed by this Act, shall extend and be con-rued to extend and operate, and be in full Force and EfFeft, with rfpeft to all matters and things to be done, or which may arise in le Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same and rery of them were repeated and reenacted in this Act, and were lade Part thereof; and the same recited Acts and this Act shall, as > all matters and things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be construed s One Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of obtaining For defraying nd passing of this Act shall be paid by the said Company out of Expences of be first Monies arising or to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts

r of this Act, or any of them, or now in the Hands of the said Company.

XXVI. And be ft further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed Public Act. nd taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice

f as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially (leaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

1* ii f c ffi8 DESCRIPTION of PROPERTY.

1. Shed

X 2. Yard, Ac.

3- Sewer

Pm JSbS 4* Lately a Shed* now

CD pulled down, lately

MefTrs. Phelps and

— Uh 0 ci f Co.

J» Yard extending'l

w r \ northward to Nar->

row Wall - -J

6. Shed - Ditto

<* 7- Small Dwelling House

& 8. Public House and Yard, White Swan -

OWNERS.

OCCUPIERS.

Strand Bridge Company --- Ditto

{Strand Bridge Company. --- Ditto.

Archbishop of Can-" terbury; Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles*Greenwood Esquire, Leaseholders -

SirWilliam Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Esquire.

- - - Ditto -

.....Ditto.

--Ditto -

--Ditto -

f Archbishop of Can-1 < terbury; Whitbread > (.and Co. Leaseholders J

Thomas Vince., James Bone.

George Pitman.

818

C.hnuuv,

58*050.111,

AJXim

Sheriff* to im-pannel a Jury to assess the Purchase Money to he paid for the Piemiles herein mentioned.

Wimeflei to be fununoned.

4 remain for ever veiled in the Dud Society, in Trust for the Ulead 4 Accommodation of the said Court of Chancery, and to and for bo 4 other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever: And Whereat ffotirf 4 Grunhill Ruffcll of Lincoln V Inn afbrefojd, £fquiz^, i8 entitled to as 4 Estate for hit own Life, with the Power of assigniag the same 4 upon the Terms and according to the Ryles and Regplatfaas of the f*id Society, of and in a certain S?tof ChambfsMucr tk 4 said Council Chamber of the said Society, and certain Row or 4 Chambers over the same; and the said Society are entitled to the 4 Reversion and Inheritance thereof, fbbje& to such Estate and!*

4 terest of the foid Robert G+eenMl Ruffcll therein^ and ft wS be 4 proper that such Chambers and Rooms should be deifvexed up to 4 the foid Society; and that proper Compensation should be made to 4 the said Robert Greenbill Ruffcll for his Estate and Interest there,

4 and for the Loss and Incomrenienoe. he w3l be pot to by hog 4 obliged immediately to remove therefrom, and to goooo of the 4 Fofleffiou thereof to the foid Society % and it fomfoonHrlfal Ac 4 said Society should be reimbnrfed all Charges. and Expenses wrich 4 they have or may be put to for Plans and Eflotnatee far the Bsld- ings for the foid Court, and in the needfery AJtentiaas of their 4 fold Council Chamber, or other wise, in qwsfrqtnce thoonf: ' May it therefore pi case Your Majesty that it map be mn&ei; mi be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Mxyefty, by and fad the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempanl mi Common* in this present Parliament afferphled, and fotfa Authority of the fom* That the Sheriff of the County of Middlejcn faa&fortfc-with, and he is hereby empowered and required to impend (warn apd return not less than Twelve nor more than Twenty Sam fab J ftaotial and indifferent Persons of his. Bailiwick, qualified to Cent as Juries; and the Periods so, to be impanntfted* fomamri and at-'turned as aforesaid are hereby required to cmm nirnen befaae the foid Sheriff at his Office in Bedford Rov> % in Ufa Aurikof Smt Andrew, Holborn* in the fo# County* at such turn asfhalibeJpe-cifitd in such Warrant, and to attend the foid Sheriff .or his Deputy at the.said Placeuotil difchnrged by the foid Sheriff ochas iSepaOp; and out of funh Persons so to be nnpanneUed, hmmoofa and-turned, a Jury of Twelve Mjen ftafi be drawn by tbr fold Sheriff* hh D^puity, in such manner as Juries for Trials of, Ifao josnsdtp, His Majesty/s Qoprts at AVcftmioflerum by Law to be draws; and j iu cafo a fumcient Number of Jurymen foul not appear at the me I and Place appointed act.afoftefoid# the fojd Sheriff or Jus Depmy JaD return other honest and indifferent Mefbof the Bjp Standee* or ef others who can be fpaadily procured to attend that Service, bring b qualified, as aforesaid, to makft, of the, foid Jury to the Numb* of Twelve, and all Parties copcmnos, may bane thairdnvefiri Chplhnpe against any of the fold Jurymen, but foatttm* cbaUoaf* ahnAmtj; and the f«d Sheriff or hw Deputy <is he*phy enpgnwtdmd aafrioad to summon and call before him any Witoefies touching the matin a in question, and may* if be shall think ikwl ffa.OccaSon* orffmfihe thereto required, order and authorise the foid.Jvfy* oa.ay TWr more of then* to view the Pfa(^ or.Pl»6es^ nwU»rsjB^rhiugs o controvnvfy, and such Jury fosll upon.

well asxhe Oaths tp such fi|»d, 8baoffs>c> bin. IWyii I

hereby enqmwnnpd and required to adbrinttfer) raqpiiWifafa aftfrand

6^ afabetaa,

>.181*.

wono-iii

C. lixxiv.

sit

and give a V?ndi$ fo$ the 9^n or Sums , »f Money which be to' be paid to the said Robert Greenbill Ruff ell9 bia Executors, n'mi(flEMRQrs or Assigns, for the Purchase ot all his Effate add Jreft. id the said Set of Chambers, and the Rooms over the same, by Way of Compenfatyou and Satisfaction for the Loss, Expence Inconvenience be shall or may be put to or sustain in being de-red of the PoffeOjon thereof, together with all reasonabte Coftp.Expences of and attending such Enquiry, and the said Sheriff 11 give Judgment for such Purchase and Compensation Money so ffed by such Jury; which said Verdi & and the Judgment thereon shall be ligned by the said Sheriff or his Deputy, and shall be d in the Report Office of the said High Court of Chancery with t Records of the said Court, and shall be deemed to, be, a Record the said Court to all Intents and Purposes; and the same or an fiat Copy thereof shall be held and allowed to be good Evidence all Courts whatsoever, and shall be binding and conclusive to nil ttents and Purposes upon all Person? whomsoever: Provided that tven Day 8* Notice in Writing at Wail, of the Hour and Place at hich such Jury are so required to be returned, be given to the said jsbert Grtenbill Rvffell, his Executors, Administratars or Affignfc act to the fait} Honourable Society of Lincoln's fnn9 before t£e me of the Meeting of the said Sheriff and Jury, by leaving such loUoe at the Chambers of the said Robert Greenbill Ruff'll in Ancoln's Inn aforesaid, and at the Steward's Office of the find So-iety in the said Inn.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Personp hall in any Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this Act wilfully and corruptly give fajfe Evidence, or otherwise forfwegr bimfeit or themselves before such Sheriff and Jury, in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons shaft and may be orofjecut^d for the same, add upon Conviction thereof shall be lubjeft and liaJtpdr to such and the same Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of and corrupt Peijury are, by the .Laws in being, subjeS and liable Lto.

HI. And be it further effaced, That out of the Iqteraft and piyi-dsuds of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to thp said Account, intituled«Account of Monies placed out for the Berftf* arid better Security of the Suitors of the High Cour( of Chadcery/ and put of the Intereff and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, intituled ( Account of Securities pgrehafed with Surplus Intereff arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed put for the Benefit and better Security of the SuitOxt of the High Court of Chancery, ' there shall be psid, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery (but subject and without Prejudice to tb? Payment of all Salaries and all other Payments and Sums of Money, by any former Act directed or authorized to be paid .thereout, or to be hereafter ordered to be paid under the Authority of any former A&j to the said Robert Greenbill Rvffcll> his Executors, Administratprs or Assigns, the Sum so afieffed and awarded by the said Sheriff apd Jury, upon hit making a good Title to and executing a proper Conveyance of all his Effate, Right, Title and Intereff of and in the said Set of Chambers, with the Rooms Or Chambers over the &me, free born Incumbrances, to the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn9 tsd deHvtring up the Poffhffion thereof to the said Society, as directed

3 G 2 by

Perjury.

Court of Chan, eery may order Sums not exceeding 9, 000]. to be p#i4 of the Interest.^f, Monies belonging to the Suitors of the Court for creeling and fitting up convenient Courts of Juftire in Lincoln's Inn.

C. lxxviii.

56° GEO. III.

AJD.1816.

Xiibounng Coal Meters to at tend their Stations.

Notice

Not attending, &c.

Penaky.

Coal Meters not to be interested in Sale of Coals.

Penalty.

PunUhmenr.

Land Coal Meters may demand from Ven-

sped and measure, or fee measured or loaded* all such Coals betweec

Buyer and Seller, and execute such other Duties as are by Lav

' required to be done by a Labouring Land Coal Meter, without Favour or Hatred., So help me GOD.'

X. And be it further enacted, That the said several Labouring Land Coal Meters, shall and they are hereby required to attend«the several Wharfs, Warehouses and other Places, at which he or they shall be Rationed from time to time by the said Principal Land Coal Meter, each and every Day (Sundays, Good Friday, Ckrii* mas Day and Fall or Thanksgiving Days by Proclamation only excepted) in each and every Year from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, from the Hour cf Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening; ar.d from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of March, from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour of Six in the Evening 5 and if upon Notice being given to any fed Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters so Uationed, or Notice being left in Writing at his or their Office or Offices, or Place cr Places of Abode, to attend at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place to be named in such Notice, within the Limits of his or their Statics or Stations for the time being, in order to measure or fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required by this Act to be done by any Land Coal Meter at any such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, or if Notice requiring the Attendance of a Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Warehouse or other Place to be named in such Notice^ for the Purpose of measuring or to fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required of Labouring Land Coal Meters by this Act, shall be given at the Office of the said Principal Land Coal Meter, or at the said fubor-dinate Office; and if such Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters shall not attend pursuant to any such Notice within the Space of tour Hours from the giving of the same, and do his or their Duty according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and is every such case every such Labouring Land Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Principal Land Coal Meter, or any of the Persons to be employed under him, shall at any time or times hereafter, during his or their respective Continuance in Office or Employment as aforesaid, he directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of any Coals whatsoever, otherwise than in the Discharge of his or their said respective Offices, such Principal Land Coal Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, and such Deputy Coal Meter, and Labouring Coil Meter respectively, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and being thereof respectively convicted before the said Court of General or Quarter Seffioos, shall be dismissed from his or their'said respective Office or Employment, and be for ever di&bled from holding or executing the lame or any other under this Act*

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoever fold and to be feat or taken away in any Waggon, Cart or other Car.

A.D. 1816. 56° GEO. III* C. bfcxviii.

ring«, from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, and also all Coals whatsoever fold and to be Tent by Gang Labour, from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Coal Meter shall be stationed, situate within such Limits as aforesaid, shall, previously to such Coals being so sent or taken away, be carefully inspected and examined by the Principal or One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters, in order that such Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meter may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such Coals being sent or taken away in any Cart, Waggon or other Carringe) are of the Sort or Description mentioned in the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of such Coals to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such Coals being to be delivered by Gang Labour) are of the Sort or Description as and for which the same shall be sold; and such Meter is hereby authorized and required to demand of the Vender or Venders, or of the Wharfinger, or other Person with whom the Ship Certificate of any of such Coals shall be left at any Wharf or Place for the Sale of any such Coals, such Ship Certificate, for the Purpose df perusing and inspeding the same, and such Meter shall and he is hereby required to countersign such Ticket or Tickets, if such Meter shall be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort they are described to be in such Ticket or Tickets, but shall not countersign the same without being fofiitisfied, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby also authorized and required, when the whole Quantity of Coals contained in any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, to write or indorse on the Back of the Certificate of such Coals, the Word 44 Delivered and if any such Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Person shall refuse or negle£l to produce and deliver to any such Meter such Ship Certificate on Demand, then, and in every such case, every such Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if any such Meter shall coun-terlign any such Ticket or Tickets, without having first inspected such Coals, and also such Ship Certificate, and witfiout. having reasonable Ground to be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort described in such Vender or Venders* Ticket, or if any such Meter shall not immediately after the whole of the Coals contained in any such Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, demand or call for such Certificate of. such Coals, or shall not immediately on such Certificate being produced indorse the same in manner aforesaid, then, and in every such case, every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Sack shall be made use of in the Delivery of Coals from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, within the Limits aforesaid, except such Sack shall be made of Linen, and shall have been firil sealed and marked with White Paint in Oil at Guildhall, London* or at the Exchequer Office, Wcjl-'minstery by* thd proper Officer there, and shall at the time of making Use of such Sack measure in the Ittfide thereof at lead Four Feet*and

*795

der or Wharfinger a Sight of the Ship*i Certificate.

Meter may demand of Vender the Ship Certificate.

Vender refusing.

Penalty. Meter unduly counterfigpihg,

Penalty.

Dimensions of the Sacks.

796

C.Ixxviii.

A.D. 181I

Vender, kc. using Sacks of improper Di* tnenfionx.

Penalty, Sec.

Coals delivered by Gang Labour need not be put into such Sacks.

What Bulbel Measure to be made use of. ia Ann. Scat. a. c.i; . $ ii, ia.

Dealers, Itc. using ether Butiel.

Penalty. Servants, Btc. of Dealer using other Buftiel.

56° GEO. III.

t

and Two Inches in Length by Two Feet and One Inch in Bmdffi and no Sack shall be sealed or marked which shall not, at the til of the marking or sealing thereof, measure in the Iniide thereof Fa Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two led in Breadth; and if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Ddi in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, shall use or cause to be ufeda Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coals within the fermll respective Limits aforesaid, not sealed or marked as aforesaid, on lefa Length at the time of u/ing the same than Four Feet and Tu Inches at the lea/l in the Inside thereof, or of less Breadth thm Ts Feet and One Inch at the lead in the Iniide thereof, then and i every such case every such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals shall, for every such Sad so unmarked or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit and pq any Sum not exceeding Forty Shimngs; and the Juftke or Jaffa before whom such Conviction shall take place, shall cause every fad Sack found unmarked, or deficient either in Length or Breadth, ta be destroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be delivered b Gang Labour may be conveyed without the Use of such Sadi; cy thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Bushel dull be kept or made use of for or in the Admeasurement of any Coals fdl within the Limits aforesaid, which shall not be such Bushel as is dr-feribed in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An AO for the Jptdj nJ effectual preferring of the Navigation of the River of Thames, h Jt°PPtng the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, ii & County of Essex, and for afcertAning the Coal Measure, and wbkJ shall not have been first lumped or marked by the proper Office at the Exchequer Office at lVeflminflert or at the Guildhall, M previou/ly to the same being io kept or used; and that every fad Bu/hel, previously to being so /lamped or marked, shall be fated for Work and Use with iron or Copper Hoops, and shall be b /lamped or marked with a Steel Instrument on the uppermost Inn or Copper Hoop; and that every such Bushel shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making use of fad Bushel all Coals /ball be duly heaped up in such Bushel in the Fora of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Bushel to be the Extremity of die Base«such Cone; and that each and every Chaldron of Coals shall corii of Thirty fix of such Bushels so heaped, and so in proportion fix any lesser Quantity j and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, /kali keep or oak use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Bushel in the A/* measurement of any Coals other than such Bushel as afore/aid, ri so ilampt as aforesaid, or shall in any wise decrease or dinunish any such Bushel ilampt as aforesaid, or mall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such case such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals fb offending, shall forfeit and pay, for every fwk Offence, any Sum sot exceeding Twenty Poundsj and if any such Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or unfa the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Vender* shall make use of, in adxneafuring of any Coals, any BoJhel other

4a

A.D. 1810.

56° GEO. III.

C.lxxviin

797

than such Bushel as aforesaid, stampt as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall in any manner decrease or diminish any such Bushel flampt as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons raspectively, for every such Offence, shall Imprisotoment,be committed to the House of Correction by any One or more fcc*

Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, there to be kept to hard Labour, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold, sent, taken or Regulation with carried away as and for Pool or River Measure, from any Ship, regard to Coala Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, and to be sent in any Cart, by Pooi

Waggon or other Carriage, from any Wharf or Place within the Measure* Limits of this Act, shall be loaded in Sacks, in the Presence of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters of the Diitrid, which Labouring Land Coal Meter is hereby authorized and required to watch and insped the filling or loading of the Sacks wherein such Coals shall be loacted, and it shall be lawful for such Meter to measure the Dimensions of all or any of such Sacks used in any such Loading before such Sacks shall be filled or loaded; and such Meter shall. When Room of and he is hereby authorized and required, when any Room or Rooms Coals foW> Mt-of Coals in any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or Craft, are or is to Jy

be sold and sent or taken away from any fuen Wharf or other Place taken out.*as and for Pool Measure by any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, to fee that the Coals so loaded and sent or taken away are in fad taken out of the particular Room or Rooms so fold, and likewise that the whole of the Coals contained in any such particular Room or Room so fold are in fad entirely emptied out of such Room or Rooms, and loaded and sent or taken away to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Cods contained in such Room or Rooms; and in case such Meter shall find any Sack or Sacks used for the loading of any such Coals is or are of less Dimensions than required by this Act, or in case it shall appear to such Meter, according to the bell of his Judgment, that any Sack or Sacks used in loading any such Coals do not contain when loaded each the Quantity of Three Bushels of Coals, or in case such Meter shall observe that any such Coals sold as the Coals of any particular Room or Rooms, (nail not in fad be taken out of such particular Room or Rooms so fold or to be sold, or that the whole of the Coals contained in such particular Room or Rooms shall rfot be entirely emptied out of the same, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Meter to retufe to countersign the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every Vender or Venders of.

Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof j and if any Wharfinger, Coal Porter or other Person or Persons, shall in any manner obstruct, hinder or prevent such Meter in or from the Performance of any such Duty or Duties so reouired by this Act, then and in every such case every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence* forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold, sent or taken away as and for Pool Measure from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within

the

Fiading Sacks c>f undue Dimensions ;

or Coals not duly taken out of Rooms, Ice. Meter may refuse countersign-ing Ticket.

Wharfinger, &e. obstructing, Ac. Meter*

Penalty.

Poo] Measure Cdals when sent by Waggon.

Clkxvui*

56c GEO- 11L

A.D. 1811

the Limits of this Act, and to be delivered to the ftirchafer or Pur. chafers thereof, in my Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall, and lx, {he and they is and are hereby required to deliver, or cade to be delivered, a Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, c has, her or their Servant or Servants, before i.ny Part of the Col* contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage shall be (hot c delivered therefrom; and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in tie Words and Form following s

Form of Vender's Ticket to be (tut there* witJt.

Vender, See. not delivering Tic* ket counter, signed by Meter to Purchaser,

See.

4 MR* insert the Name of the Purchaser] Tab &

tice, that you are to receive herewith [Here mfert the Nnk]

4 Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coats [Here insert the As*

ber] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals [Here infer, in 4 Number] Sacks of Coals, [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, fc 4 inspecting the Loading and Quality of which Coals you are, r.

4 the Receipt of this Ticket, in Conformity to an Act of Parliaoect

made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King Georg tb

Third, [ Here Jetforth the Title of this Attl^ to pay the underiigKC f £ F. [Here insert the Name of the Vender] the Sum of [Hot*

4 fert the Amount of the Compensation direScd by this All to k jb 4 to such Principal Meter for the Inspettion of such Coals, calakn.

4 the fume as by this A3 arretted] being at and after the Rate of Ok

Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat sold to and to be re*

4 ceived by you herewith \ and by the same A ft this Ticket i>

4 .directed to be delivered to you before any of the Coals are Ik

out of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, and that a Butbel 4 Measure is in such Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, by whkl 4 the Carman is directed to Mealure gratis, under the Penalty oi 4 Ten Pounds, the Coals contained in any One Sack, which ik 4 Purchaser or his Servant or Servants may require, which Sack ista 4 contain Three Buftiels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, tie 4 Height of such Cone to be at lead Six Inches, and the Outlik f of the Measure to be the Extremity of the Base of such Co,

4 and that, in case of your being dissatisfied with the Coals now fee: ,

4 you are entitled by the same Act to have the same reraeafuredby

the Bushel Measure, provided you immediately, and before wy 4 more of the Coals than One Sack shall be (hot or delivered free 4 the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the same are brought.

4 fend Notice in Writing of your Delire to have the same renw*

4 fared to either of the Land Coal Meters* Offices appointed by 4 virtue of the said Act, also to the Vender or Venders of such Coal:

4 C. D. [Here insert the Name of the Vender]. A. F* [Here itjfi 4 the Nam of the Meter and the Office, and Place the Office is ftuetdy 4 Dated [Here insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Its 4 when such Ticket was fgned]

And in case such Vender or Vendors of or Dealer or Defckri a Coals, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket ai start-laid, and so countersigned by a Meter as afocesaid, to the Purchafr or Purchaser* of such Coals, or to Ins, her or their Servant or Sc* vants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered froa such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any such Coat a aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit tnd pay aj Sum not exceeding Teg Pounds*and in case the Caraa^ Drim»

P vanity.

56° GEO.IIL

C.tocviK

799

>ther Person attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden Ctrman, fcc.noc with any such Coals as aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have ^2tct to Pur-been given, by or by the Directions of the Vender or Venders, chtfer.

Dealer or Dealers, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall,

( having first received the same from the VendeF or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or any Person by the Order of the Vender or Venders,

Dealer or Dealers) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or de-delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver or other Person aforesaid so offending mall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders What Sum of of or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, Money to b« and sent in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, from any Wharf,

Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Act, or any Coal# sold by Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, and delivered by Gang Labour Pool Measure. from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Coal Meter

shall be stationed, situate within such Limits; or the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, from or over which any such Coals shall be so sent or taken away shall, and such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or Occupier or Occupiers, is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal Meter for the Execution of this Act, at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat so bought and sent to Fec to Principal the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, as and for a Compensation for Meter* the Trouble of inspecting or superintending the loading and fending away such Coals, and such Money shall be repaid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals to the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers thereof.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Enabling Pur-

herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to hinder or chafers cf Coals prevent any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Coals, sold as and for Fo°l

Pool Meaiure, from fending such Coals to the Premises of such Colhde- Purchaser or Purchasers, or to any Landing Place which such Pur- iiTCred without chafer or Purchasers shall appoint, (provided such Landing Place or the Intervention Premises be not a Coal Wharf, or Place where any Meter shall by of a Meter, virtue of this Act be stationed, ) or from having such Coals unloaded

and delivered at such Premises or Landing Place, either by Gang Labour or in any other manner, except in or by Means of any Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, without the Pretence, Intervention or

Inspection of any Land Coal Meter, and without being subject or

liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever

to any Land Coal Meter for or in respect of such Coals; but in case Fee for Atteud-

such Landing Place shall be within the Limits of this Act, and such nice of Meter.

Purchaser or Purchasers shall require the Care or Attendance of a

Land Coal Meter, then he, (he or they shall have and be entitled to

such Attendance, upon fending Notice of such his, her or their

Desire to the said Principal Land Coal Meter's Office or to the

laid subordinate Office, and in such case such Purchaser or Pur-

hafers shall pay and be charged for the Attendance of such Land

Coal Meter, at and after the aforesaid Rate of One Shilling for

every Five Chaldron and One Vat of such Coals.

XIX. And

C. IxxviiL

56* GEO. m.

A.D.HU

Or Labouring Meter refuting t# remeasure.

Penally.

Pordufer ob-ftruding Reroea-furemem.

Peaalty.

Carmen to be paid for being

Rate of Payment*

Regulations ante Coals sold by Weight

fafpeAion of Coals.

Fee to Principal Meter for In-fpetiion of

Notice tt afoiefirid, shall negk& o* refofe, within the fya ( Four Hofuv after the receipt of such Notice, to fend tLfou Meter, or Meter* to the House, Lodging or other Pmsfeief fk Purchaser or Purehafera accordingly, or if any Laboun^ La Coal Meter or Meter* ftiaH refuTe or neglect to manta k Coals, then and in every such case the Piinbpal or Sohonta Land Coal Meter* or Labouring Land Coal Meter or Ifo* { offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit sad pay ay Sex os exceeding Fife Pounds; and if any such Purchaser or h&fat or any other Person or Persons, shall prevent, obftrad arjssn^ or attempt to present any such Remeasurement being procerded t and made by such Labouring Coal Meter or Mettn, fentbytkh Principal or Subordinate Land Coal Meter, in corieqaaorof jq such Notice, then and in every such case such Purchfa or Pa chafers, or other Person or Persons so offending, fbaB farm fad Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tea Ponds

XXXIX* Provided always, and: be it further cnafiatTkibn aadias often as any Cart, Waggon or other: Canute foil he stopped or detained for the Purpose or under Pretence of ftatifaigtk Coals, or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of. every fhch Cart Waggon or other Carriage, shall be entitled to thoSnmof fln* Shilling* per Hour, for every Hour the Cast flail behdeturi, iad fa in Proportion for any Fra&ion of an Hour, ©itradita the ufoal Cartage of such Coala, which Three ShiUjap/erHar feall be paid by the Vender of or Dealer in the M rim same or auy Part thereof shall upon the RemetfemeudBri be found deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of taCfe in case the same shall not be remealored, or shall upon fad b meafnrement be found to amount to the Quantity for which fed Coals were fold.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Coals which UlbeWJ by Weight, at any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place rife tk Limits of this Act, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggoa or ofe Carriage to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, fell be W«weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Wridtecoito of One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupoise, and Twnti» Hundred Weight shall be deemed and taken to be One Ton;all such Coals so to be sold shall be weighed and loaded it & Wharf or Warehouse, or other Place of Safe, in the Presence of Or of the Labouring Land Coal Meters to be appointed porfuuttod* A&f and such Labouring Land Coal Meter ia hereby user and required to superintend and insped the weighing wd lo*W* all such Coals so Sold by Weight, in order tint such fee and be fetisfied that in every such Loading the full i Coala ia actually given, which shall be eaprefied in the Vem* Dealers Ticket* and such Meter may refuse to ouwterfin* Vender1* or Dealer's Ticket of any such Coals, in case (wW AnM not fee that the full and proper Weight shall be gi^ ing to the Quantity which shall be eapreffed in such Veadfrt Dealer1* Ticket, but such Meter shall, and he iatafbf uounterfign the same, in case the proper Weight shall be gi*fl*? fog so such Quantity of Coals expressed in such Veodrr't#

' TpdMt and for flick.Inspectfeo of such Conk so W-W

Suit Wpid

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. Ixxviii,

801

side of the Measure being the Extremity of the Base thereof.

C, U. [litre insert the Name of the Vender] E F. [Here insert

the Name of the Labouring Meter in case of the Coals being sent

from within the DistriS of the fdid Office^ Dated [Here insert

the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such Ticket«wasfgned.y

And in case any such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coah. shall be ihot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been given by, or by the Direction of the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or any Person by the Vender's or Dealer's Orders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be ihot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver or other Person aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof by the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, within the Limits aforesaid, shall and he is hereby directed to measure gratis, if he shall be required so to do, the Coals contained in any One of the Sacks contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, which may be chosen by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Cods, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting on the behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, with such Buihel Measure as aforesaid, in order that such Purchaser or Purchasers may be better enabled to judge of the Neceility of having the whole of such Coals remeasured in manner directed by this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers by the Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the Limits aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to measure by thie said Buihel Measure such Sack of Coals in manner herein directed, when thereunto required by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or by his, her or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers, to be measured, or if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or suffer the said Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be driven a^ray without measuring, in manner

56 Gto* ill. S F herein

Vender not delivering Ticket,

Penalty.

Carman not delivering Ticket to Purchaser.

Penalty.

Carman required to measure One Sack, gratis, in each Cart.

Carman driving Coals away without measuring the Sack.

ClxxviiL

55° GEO. III.

A.D.M

The (taring up of different Sorts of Coals in a Warehouse not to be prevented, provided Inch Sorts be kept in different Parcels.

Such Coals not to be sold otherwise than by Wharf Measure, and with the Names of each Sort ezprefled in the Ticket.

Pt&aky. Provisions respecting Coal Sheds or Ware-houses where Coals are fold in Quantities not eiceeding One Half Chaldron.

Proviso for Coals to be sold by the Name of " Mixed Coals."

Act not to prevent Sale of Coala already

Such Coals to be described as Warehouse Coals.

Fines and Penalties not exceeding Twenty Pounds to be recovered before

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That soda* herein contained shall extend, or be taken or construed to extend, £ as to hinder or prevent any such Vender or Venders of, or Dolercr Dealers in Coals within the Limits of this Act, from laying or storing up for Sale in any Warehouse or Repository, or other c«-venient Place, any Quantities whatsoever of Coals of as maojSom, Names or Descriptions as he, (he or they shall respedmlr think fit, provided such different Sorts, Names or Descriptiooi of Gals be respectively laid and kept in such Warehouse or other Rfpofaory in separate and distinct Pareels, and wholly unmixed; andpronded no such Coals be sold by any other than Wharf Messure, or vita the true Name or Names of every or any of such Sorts of fochCois as shall be sold and Cent from any such Warehouse or other Repertory being expressed in the Vender's Ticket to be sent theirwitli to aay Purchaser or Purchasers, and if any such Vender or Yoders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be (old byasy other than by Wharf Measure any Coals out of any such Wrcbodcor other Repository in which Two or more different Sorts of Coskttj be stored or deposited, or shall not insert or cause to be inserted is the Vender's or Dealer's Ticket to be sent with such Coals the true Name or Names of each and every Sort of such Coils as IW be sent from or out of any such Warehouse, Repository or other Pbce, to any Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every such ait trtn such Vender or Dealer so offending, shall, for every Arch Oisce, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pouk XLIV. Provided always, and be it further exuded, Ttaftctbisg herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dnkn is Coals, within the Limits of this Act, who shall keep any Shed, Shop or Warehouse, where Coals shall be sold in Quantities not grrater than One Half Chaldron, and where no Coals shall ever be Udh any Quantities exceeding One Half Chaldron, frqmmixiogorimps; up together, or causing to be mixed or heaped up together is fich Shed, Shop or Warehouse, any Quantity or Quantities whatform, of any and as many different Sorts, Names or Descriptiooi of CaA as he, (he or they shall respectively think fit, or from fdhag or causing to be sold, such Coals when so mixed: Provided oewtfe that such Coals, when so mixed, shall be sold as, for and by the Nik of " Mixed Coals, " and shall not be sold in any Quantities exceedkg Half a Chaldron, nor shall be sold at any other Place than it tk Shop, Shed or Warehouse, where the same shall have been so mi XLV. Provided also, and be it further eoacted, That ootteg herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so«* hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dolsi in Coals within the Limits of this Act, from felling or canfing to k fold any Mixed Coals whatsoever, which shall have been mixed t any time before the passing of this Act: Provided nevertWffi, tbs such Coals shall be sold as and for, and shall be describedktk Vender's or Dealer's Ticket to be sent therewith si and for andbj the Name of M Warehouse Coals."

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Peoalties« Forfeitures by this Act imposed, f the manner of levying and r«o» vering whereof is not qtberwife hereby directed, ) not exceed^ Twenty Pounds, shall be sued for within One Calendar Uo&ibotf

is

58 GEO. III.

C Ixxviit.

809

Forty Shillings; and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bu-fheU in any Five Chaldron and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such case such Vender or Dealer of such Coals shall forfeit and pay fV>r every such Bushel so found deficient any Sum not exceeding Five P«why* Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; but in case any such Coals so re-measured and found deficient shall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Measure, then and in such case the Vender or Venders of,

Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel so found deficient any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further eoacted, That the By whom Ex-Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter to be ap- peace* of Repointed by virtue of this A A, so remeasuring, shall be paid the Sum «furement of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured by him, and ire to*(b in 'Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron;

and if upon any such Remeasurement the whole of the Coals so re-measured shall be found less than the Quantity for Which the whole Of such Coals shall be sold, then and in such case the Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, pay the Expences of such Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then and in such case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing CodiYoldhy

herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require Po°* ^asur* any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure to be measured by the gJJjjJj

Bushel Measure previously to such Coals being loaded and sent away unierf ntto* in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage from the Vender's or Dealer's of Purchaser. Wharf or Place of Sale, unless by the Define of the Purchaser of

any such Coals.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold, or loaded Coal* sold by to be sold as and for Wharf Measure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Wharf Measure Bushels, at or from any Place or Places withio the Limits of this -

A A, shall be measured in the Presence of One of the said Labour- Land Coal M«-

ing Coal Meters to be appointed by virtue of this Act, by the Bu- tar.

fhel Measure heaped up as by this A A is directed; and the said

Labouring Coal Meters, and every of them, shall and may, and they

and he are and is hereby authorized and required to fill up any

Bushel or Bulhela of any such Coals as shall appear to him or them

deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the

Person or Persons lo vending or contraAing for the Sale of the said

Coals, or so loading any such Coals for Sale.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Labouring Meters suffering Coal Meter shall wittingly or willingly suffer any Coals exceeding Wharf Measure Eight Busheis, which shall be sold or loaded to be sold as and for CoalV° be sent Wharf Measure, to be sent from any Wharf, Warehouse ot other j^ngroetfured. Place within the Limits of his Office, without such Coals being

measured in the manner herein directed, or shall not give Information tfwreof to the Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by virtue of flih Act, or to the said subordinate Office, within Four Days next fc stich Coals shall have been measured, then and in every such trie ftich Labouring Goal Meter shall for ever thenceforth be ren-'9F 2 dered

Penalty.

Coal Meter's Payment for Wharf Mealure Coals.

Principal Meter to deliver to Vender, &c. a Ticket.

The Contents of such Ticket.

If Purchaser desire to have particular Sacks re-measured, Proceedings.

In what case Metage to be paid to Vender.

C. IxxviiL 56° GEO. I1L A.D. 1816.

dered incapable of acting aa a Labouring Coal Meter, and forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coale which shall be sold and delivered, at and for Wharf Measure, at any Wharf, Warehouse or Place within the Limits of this Act, and so in Proportion for any greater or Ids Quantity than a Chaldron, shall be paid by the Occupier or Oao-piere of the Wharf, Warehouse or Place from which such Coili are taken, or by the Seller or Vender of such Coals to the said Principal Land Coal Meter for the Execution of this Act, and thereupon such Principal Land Coal Meter is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carman who shall cart, lead, drive or carry away the same, a Piper Writing, or Ticket, signed by the Principal Land Coal Meter, and countersigned by the Labouring Coal Meter attending and deliver, ing the same, in which shall be contained the Christian and Surname or Names of the respective Seller or Seliers, Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, and also either the Christian or Surname or Names of the respective Seller or Seliers, Vender or Venders, and also either the Christian or Surname or Names or only the Surname or Names of the Purchaser or Purchasers, Consumer or Confumen of the said Coals, and the Quantity of such Coals, and the Dsyof the Week, Month and Year of the Delivery, and Admeasurement, and Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Carman or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the same Coals, and also shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the hid Coals, that if he, (he or they is or are diftatisfied with the Meafmt thereof, and shall desire to have all such Coals remeasured, such Dif-satisfaction must be expressed to the Carman, before more tlr.n 0* Sack of such Coals is (hot or unladen from the Waggon, Cart or other Carriage conveying the same; and that if such Purchaser or Purchasers shall he so diftatisfied, and shall desire to have all or any of the particular Sacks remaining in such Cart, Waggon or other 6r- i riage remeasured, so as to ascertain the Contents of each or any of l such particular Sacks, then that such Desire must be expressed to the Carman before any of the Sacks of Coals which such Purchaser or Purchasers shall desire to have remeasured, shall be (hot or on*, loaden from the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the fane shall he sent; which, said Ticket, being thus made complete, and Metage paid, shall be delivered unaltered by the Labouring Coal Meter, countersigning the same, withour Delay to the Carman or Per* son employed to cart, carry, drive or lead the Coals described in such Ticket, to the Purchaser or Consumer therein named; which said Ticket unaltered, the said Carman or Person therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals in such Ticket described, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respedi* Consumers or Purchasers therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket for the Use of such Purchaser or Consumer, and thereupon he, k or they is and are hereby required to pay to the Sellernamedin fudt Ticket, the Metage therein Specified, and if the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning such Ticket, shall after Payment or Tender of tk Metage charged in pursuance of this Act, refuse to deliver (W Ticket as hereinbefore directed to the Carman or PerfQA employed

to

56° GEO. III.

C.lxxviii.

805

to cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals therein described, such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds 5 and if such Carman or Peiion Carman refusing employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals described in such to deliver Ticket Ticket, shall, after the same Ticket shall have been so delivered to 10 PurclMrtr* him by the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning the same, either alter or neglect, or refuse to deliver the same Ticket to the Purchaser or Consumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not Penalty, exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Wharfingers Dealer in Coals shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or cause to giving Bribe* to be given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meterl*

Meter or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward

or Gratuity whatsoever over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Metage of Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat of Coals sold by Pool Measure for the Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum Penalty, not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal or La- Meter* recciv-bouring Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed pursuant to , n* Br, .b€S*0' this Act, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, a false or counter- Ticket*18 fcited Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman or other

Person, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons

whomsoever, or shall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender

of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward or Gratuity

whatsoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed

to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured

by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five

Chaldron and One Vat of Coals sold by the Pool Measure, for the

Inspection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of

Coals sold by Weight, or if such Principal Land or Labouring Coal Or permitting

Meter shall willingly permit or suffer to be made false Measure of faMe Measure to

any Coals, or shall deliver a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of made»&c«

Coals, the whc!« of which he shall have not seen measured, or shall

couaterfign any Vender's or Dealer's Ticket for any Coals, without

having inspected such Coals, or without feeing and taking care that

the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of

any particular Room or Rooms of any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge

or other Craft, shall have been first completely emptied out of and

loaded from such particular Room or Rooms so fold, then, and in

every such case, every such Meter so offending shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and be

rendered incapable of ever serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Penalty.

Meter.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Quantity what- for

soever of Coals exceeding Eight Bethels, fold or to be sold as and

for Wharf Measure, shall be sent or driven in any Cart, Waggon or wbaif other Carriage, or carried by Gang Labour from any Wharf, ware- Measure Coal*.

S F 3 house

80S

C. lxxviiL

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Penalty.

Meter permitting Sacks to be used of too small Ditqenfions.

Penalty.

Venders of Coals sold as Wharf Measure, if dif. fat is Bed, may have them remeasured.

Notice by Vender.

Meter to at* tend, &c.

Fee for Remea-furement*

Excels.

Penalty.

Cods sent by Land Carriage to be rentes-

house or Place, situate within thr Limits of this Act, wiiboat bating been measured by such Bushel Measure as is directed and described by this Act, or without such Meter's Ticket as aforesaid, so figued and countersigned as aforesaid, having been firffi obtained, or if such Ticket as aforesaid shall not be delivered to the Purchaser <r Purchasers of any such Coals, before any Part of such Coals at (hot or delivered upon the Piemiles of such Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds*

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Laboarisg Coal Meter to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall use, «knowingly permit or suffer any Sack or Sacks to be made use of for the measuring or carrying of Coals of less Dimenfiooi tha such Sacks as are directed to be used for that Purpose by tha Ad, at any Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, then asd in every such case, every such Labouring Coal Meter shall for erey such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXIII* Provided always, aftd be it further enacted, Thit if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure shall be dissatisfied with the Meafurrawt which shall have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Ware-house or other Place of Sale within the Limits of this Act, by or under the Inspection of the Labouring Land Coal Meter (btiod or attending at such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, then in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before such CoaJi sit lot away from such Wharf, Warehouse or other Place of Sale, to fend, or cause to be sent, to the Office of the Principal Land Coal Mete for the Execution of this Act, or to the said subordinate Office, Notice in Writing fi unifying the Desire of such Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to have such Coals remeasured, and then and in such case such Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters of or from such Office, not being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally measurai, shall, within the Space of Four Hours next after such Notice is Writing left at such Office, attend to remeasure the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the same. Sack by Sack, by the Bulbd Measure, in the Presence of such Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, or his, her or their Agent or Servant, or Agents or Servants, and for such Remeasurement such Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Principal Coal Meter the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured, and in case it shall appear upon such Remeasurement that the Coals so remeasured (W.exceed the Quantity for which the same were fold, then and io such case if such Excem shall be equal or amount to or exceed Tvo*Bushels in any Chaldron so remeasured, the Meter who first meafuttd such Coals shall for every Bu/hei so exceeding such Quantity x aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings together with all the Expences of such Remeasurement*

XXXIV* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their. Servant or Servants,

(bred, if desired, b* difotpfied with tha Measure of any C00I4 fold or to k

W*GEO. III.

C. Ixxviii*

*07

delivered within the Limits of this Act, and sent to him* her or them* bylb* Pur-in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall signify to the Carman, chtftr. ojr other Person attending such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage Hu, her or their Desire to hare tfye Coals contained in such Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals remeasure*^, then and in every such case the Carman or Driver of such Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, in which such Coals shall be hrought, ihatfTand he is hereby required to continue and remain at the House,

Judging or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchafert of such

Coais, with such Coals, and the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage,

until such Coals are remeasured j and if any such Carman or Driver Carman driving

shall drive away, or permit or fuller to be driven away, any suchy*y befort

Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, before the Coals contained therein rem€t'

shall be remeasured, without the Consent of the Purchaser or Pqr- .red*

chafers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and

in every such case, such Carman or Driver shall for every such

Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds* Penalty.

XXXV* And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Purchafert to*Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, so desiring such fend Notice to Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be Meter's Office, remeasured shall, and he, Ihe or they is and are hereby required to .feml, or cause to be sent, to the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or mea fared. Dealers in the said Coals, or to his, her or their Wharf, Warehouse or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are to be remeasured, and such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, shall, and he, Ihe or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any One of the Offices of the said Principal Land Coal Meter of his, her or the^r.Desire to have such Coals remeasured, and thereupon the Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters, (not being the Meter under whole Inspection the said Coals were originally measured, )

shall within the Space of Four Hours next after such Notice in Meter tost-Writing, left at either of the said Offices, attend from such Office tend, &c.

where Inch Notice shall be so left at the House, Lodging or other Fremises, of such Purchaser or Purchasers as shall be expressed in such Notice, for the Purpose of remeasuring the said Coals, and (nail accordingly remeasure the same in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers and Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them shall attend to fee the lame remeasured; and in case such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, Vender not at-or Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her or their Agent or Servant, tending to fee Agents or Servants, shall not attend for the Purpose of feeing such £*" Coals so remeasured, then such Meter shall proceed on the mesuuring j"'1

of such Coals in his, her or their Absence, and such Meter (haQ, and he is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchaser qr Purchasers of such Coals, to remeasure such Coals either by the djiftin& Sacks, so as to afeertaiu the Contents of each particular, Sack of such Coals which shall remain in such Cart, Waggon or qther Carriage, or else.to remeasure such Coals in such manner, and (o as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in «all the Sacks taken together; and in case the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals mall not either before or immediately upon the Arrival of such Meter fi r cause to be signified to such

tit*

j.»

808

C. lxxviii.

50" GEO. III.

A.D. 18151

Fee to be paid by Purchaser for Remeasurement.

Deficiency appearing on Re- measurement.

Penalty on Vender.

If Coals fold for Wharf Measure. Penalty.

Penalty on Labouring Meter.

Penalty ou Coal Porters.

When Deficiency, and Coals sold as for Pool Measure. Penalty on Vender.

Penalty.

Proviso.

Meter his or their Option or Desire as to which of the said Two Ways he or they would wish such Remeasurement to be taken or made in, then and in every such case such Meter shall proceed to remeasure such Coals in such manner, and so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and for such Remeasurement such Purchaser or Purchafen shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Principal Land Coal Meter or Coal Meters, of and from the Office to which Notice shall have been sent as aforesaid. Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and in case, upon the Remeasurement of any foeh Coals which shall be so remeasured as to ascertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, it shall appear to the Meter so ir-measuring the same, that any Sack or Sacks of such Coals shall not contain Three Bufiiels, then and in every such case the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall for every Sack of Coals that shall be so found deficient on such Remeasurement forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case, npoa the Remeasurement of any such Coals as aforesaid, which shall be remeasured in such manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the same shall have been sent taken together, it shall appear to such Meter as aforesaid that the Coals thus remeasured do not amount, to the Quantity for which they were fold, then if such last mentioned Coals shall have been sold as and for Wharf Measure, the Vender or Venders of. Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals found deficient any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wanting in Measure to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Coals shall be so remeasured, and the Labouring Meter under whose Inspection the Coals were first measured shall for every Bushel so deficient forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and the Coal Porters who shall have first measured foeh Coals For the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers thereof, (hill for every Bushel of Coals so wanting forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence; but if any such Coals so remeasured in the manner last mentioned, and so found to amount to less than the Quantity for which the same were fold, shall have been sold as and for Pool Measure, then the Vender or Venders of. Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and not exceed Ten Buftiels in any Five Chaldron and One Vat so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every such Five Chaldron and One Vat any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldron and One Vat to rrtneasured, then and in such case such Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so deficient in every such Five Chaldron and One Vat any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that no such Coals so fold and sent shall be remeasured so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals taken together, after more than One Sack of such Coals shall have been (not or delivered from such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage into or upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchafen, anything hereinbefore contained to tha contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And

56- GEO. III.

C IxxviiL

m

XXXVI. And be it farther enacted, That if upon such Re. measurement of any Coals fold and lent as and for Pool Measure by any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, and which Remeasurement shall hare been made in such manner as to ascertain the whole

Suantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, e Coals so remeasured shall be found to be less or more than at the Rate of Three Bushels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks specified in the Vender's or Dealer's Ticket of such Coals, then the Meter who counterfiened such Vender's or Dealer's Ticket of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency or Excess shall exceed Four Bushels in any Fire Chaldron and One Vat of such Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so exceeding or fa deficient in every such Five Chaldron and One Vat any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be so made so as to ascertain the whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks sent taken together, of any such Coals fold and sent as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, the whole of such Coals so remeasured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the whole of such Coals shall be sold, then the Vender or Venders of. Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of iuca Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals; and if upon any such Remeasurement, which shall be made so as to ascertain the Quantity contained in each and every of the particular Sacks sent, of any Coals sold as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, it shall be found that One Fourth Part or more of the Number of the Sacks of such Coals fold and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, do not contain the

Suantity of Three Bushels each respectively, then the Vender or endere of. Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of the Remeasurement thereof; but if the Number of such particular Sacks so found deficient shall not amount to One Fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of such Coals so fold and sent, then and in such case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after any such Notice as by this A A directed shall have been given by or on the behalf of any Purchaser or Purchasers, at either of the said Principal or Subordinate Offices, requiring the Attendance of anj Meter from either of such Offices, for the Purpose of remea-furing any Coals, fold either for Wharf or Pool Measure, then and in every such case a Meter or Meters shall be required to attend from the said Office, for the Purpose of making the Remeasurement, and such respective Labouring Meter or Labouring Meters shall* Und is, and are hereby required and authorized to remeafurr any such Coals which he or they shall be so sent to re measure, whether the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals shall or not be desirous of

3 such Remeasurement proceeded .in, any thing therein con-to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any Such Principal or Subordinate Land Coal Meter* after having received any_ such

In case Coala fol4 for Pool Measure proving deficient on Remeasuremeau

Penalty om Meter.

By whom Ex* pencea of Rome afurement tie to be peid.

Principal Meters not fending a Labouring Meter to nea-fure Coals.,

C. Ixxviii.

5<3° GEO. III.

AJD.1816.

C0A1.

Appeal.

Final.

Certiorari,

Summoning

Witnesses.

Not attending.

Penalty.

Such Petfims may be appre. heacted,

and examined on Oath.

Refufittg to be fa or n, &c.

Imprisonment.

Perjury.

Penaltiet above soL how to be recovered.

fuel Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and amend the bid Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them the said Justices shall seem just and reasonable, and the Dedfion of the had Justices therein shall be final, binding and cunclufrye; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be qoa&ed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed by Ccitierari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His liyeir'f Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

'XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may V lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures shall be foed for, to summon before him or them any Person or Persons who shall ia or by die Complaint or Information made to him or them appear to be s rtecefiary Witness as to the matters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at a time and Place to be specified in the Siumm^ ud in case such Person To summoned shall not appear according tsfodb Summons, then upon due Proof of the Service of such SonuaoM is manner aforesaid, such Person so summoned and not appearing in Compliance therewith, shall forfeit and pay any Sam not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manner and by such Ways and Means as is hereinbefore directed as toother Penalties; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Juftkc or Justices ta cause such Person to be apprehended by Warrant, under the Bud md Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, andtobebragfct before him or them, and thereupon, whether such Person hoInn Upon Summons at aforesaid, or shall be apprehended as afocehti, sack Justice or Justices shall and may proceed to examine him or her spoc Oath as to the matter of such Complaint or Information; and is csfe such Person shall refuse to be sworn or to answer, or to give Eridevct therein, then and in every such case it shall and may beuwfu!toed for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under hit Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person so refilling to befirora,

Or to answer or to give Evidence as aforesaid, to the Common Gad or House of CorreAion of the County or Place in or for which such Justice or Justices shall then aA, there to remain for any Space of time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Frirfonsspai hi8, her or their Examination upon Oath, before any Justice or Jaibces df the Peace, aAing in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully sod corruptly give false Evidence touching any matter or thing rehtioe to this Act, or if any Person or Persons mall take or make any W& Oath or Affidavit, with respect to any matter or thing relating to AA, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pra j and Penalties as by any Law in Force and EfieA, Persons geftty of wilful and corrupt Peijury are subject and liable to.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds by this Act inyafcA for any Offence or Offences committed against this A A, (baft mi may be recovered by AAion of Debt, Bui, Plaint or Inform*, in any of His Majesty'e Courts of Record at Wejbah$*r % whertfc, no 'Essoign, ProteAion, Wager of Law or any more Ate One Imparlance shall be allowed by tie Person or Persons who ftaB inform

ad

I

56°GEO. IlL C.lxxviiL SU

thereof, or by the Occupier or Occupier* of the Whadb Warehouse or other Place from whence such Coals shall be feat, to the Principal Land Coal Meter, Sixpence for every Ton of Coals so weighed under the Meter's Inspection, and so in Proportion for aoy greater or less Quantity than One Ton, and such Sum of Mopey shall he repaid to such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers by the Purchafef or Purchasers of such Coals*

XLL And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of Vender'* Ticket or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals so sold by Weight within the bf, tb Limits of this Act, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the y

Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her qr their Servant or 8 Servants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart* Waggon or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloacted, a Paper or Ticket in Form< following; (, th# is to say),

Mr. A. B. [Here insert the Name of the Buyer."] Form. 1

TTAKE Notice, That you are to receive herewith [Here insert

the Number] Tons [Here insert the Name of the] Coals, for inspecting which Coals you are, in conformity to an Act of Par-

liament made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George«the Third, [Here set forth the Title of this Act] to repay me the

undersigned [Here insert the Name of the Seller] the Sum of [Here

insert the Amount of the InfteBion Charge] being at and after the«Rate of Sixpence For every Ton of Coals sold to and to be received

by you herewith.' f

( Signed) C. D. [Here insert the Name of the Seller.]

(Counterfigned) E. F. [Here insert the Name of the Meter.J

And in case such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, do not Vender not d*. deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Ticket as. afomsaid, and £o liveringTicket countersigned' by a Meter as aforesaid, . to the Purohafeiior Purchasers 10 Parch»Ter. of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants before any.>

*Part of such Coals are unloaden, every such Vender, or Dealer shall .for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding-Twenty Penalty. Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attend- C*n!Mn ing any itich Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any fuph Coals to whom any fuen Ticket shall have been given by or oy the urc a Orders of the Vender or Dealer, 'in order to.be delivered to the Pur? chafer, shall (having so firit received the same from the Vendor,

Dealer or any Person by the Direction of the Vender or. Dealeik) xefufe or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants,

before aiiy Part of such Coals shall be unloacted, such Carman, Driver

of other Person so offeuding, shall for every such Offence forfeit and Penalty, pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XL11. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Goals Coils to be sold whatsoever fold within the Limits of this Act, save and except only either by Weight such Coals as shall be sold by Weight in manner aforesaid, mall be Ch^-

fold either by the Chaldron, such Chaldron to consist of Thirty fix n or u 1

of such Bushels so heaped up as aforesaid* or else by such Bushelas aforesaid, or by the Half Bufiiel, Peck mr Half Peck, provided such smaller Measure shall be same Aliquot Part of such Buihel Meaiqpe, any thing, herein contained to the contrary nafcwrithstand^y^

Notice.

Treble Colts.

Act not to liter or repeal 47 G. 3. Seff. 2. c. tarlii.

Commencement of A a.

Public Act.

35G.j-c.136.

continued.

10 G.3. c. 100. 33 0.3. c. 138. 54 G. 3. c. 00. continued.

33 0.2* c. 35*

29 G. 3. c. 21. repealed.

C. lxxriii — lxtxi. GEO. III. AJX.1MS. 1|

shall arise; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before I Twenty one Days' Notice shall have been given, or after a faficv-t'Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time linked for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Pfamti£ or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their Adics or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Pbnrtff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Co ft a, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit, in other cases by Lav*.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter or vary any Part or Parts of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majrftj, but that the said Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Pfea&kks and Forfeitures therein contained, shall be as good, valid aadrlcdwl, to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place from and after the passing thereof.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being (pcdaffy pleaded.

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His prefist Majesty, for repairing the Road from Horselj Upright Gakt, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts* to the Top of Kingjdown Hill, in the Parish of Box* in the said County, and several other Roads near or adjoining thefeto. (a)

[26th June iSi&j

Additional Trustees.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powm of several Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing tie Highways from Speenbamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Speenbamland Dili rid of the (ad Roads, (a) [26th Juju 1816.]

[Additional TruJUes Former Tolls to cea/e, new Tolls granted*]

Cap. Ixxxi.

An Act for the more effectual Security and Improvement of the Harbour of Now Sborebam, in the County of Sussex.

[I ft July 1816.]

Caf*

). 1816*

66° GEO. III. C. Ixxxii-Jxxxiv.

817

Cap. lxxxii.

Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the 34G«3.

Leign of His present Majesty, for Paving, Lighting, Watching 'd*1'-nd otherwise improving the several Streets and other Public laces upon certain Lands near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of 'amt Patter as, in the County of.Middlesex. [ift July 1816.]

Cap. Ixxxiii.

Act for improving the Road from the City of Glafgonu to the ^ity of Carli/le. (b) [ift July 1816.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

i A A for erecting Buildings for the Accommodation of the Court Chancery. [2d July 1816.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act made and passed 53 G.3.c-*4-in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Jujliee, ' ind of the several Acts therein mentioned or referred to, and by virtue of divers Orders of the High Court of Chancery made for chat Purpose, in pursuance of the said several Acts, divers Sums of Money have been from time to time taken out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government and Parliamentary Securities have been carried to an Account, intituled ' Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom have in like manner been laid out and carried to an Account, intituled 4 Account of Securities pur* chafed with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery : And Whereas under and by virtue of the above recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Sir Thomas Plamer,

Knight, hath been duly appointed Vice Chancellor of England, and hath hitherto held his Sittings, out of Term, as such Vice Chancellor, in the Council Chamber of the Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex; but the same is not a convenient or proper Place for that Purpose, and such Ufc and Occupation thereof is very Inconvenient to the said Society; and ' it would be of advantage and an Accommodation to the Public if ' a proper and convenient Court for the said Vice Chancellor, with 1 or without a proper Communication between the said Court and ' Lincoln's Inn Hall, was erected and built for holding the Sittings of the said Court, and for the Accommodation of the Suitors thereof:

And Whereas the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn have Society of Lirv- consented and agreed to grant a Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground coin'* Innhu 4 at the West EiXd of and adjoining the Council Chamber of the granted a Piers 4 laid Society, for the Purpose of Building such new Court thereon, ^illlri- #^4 on condition that the Fee Simple of such Piece of Land or Ground, ' Court

4 and all Buildings to be erected and built thereon, shall be and 56Gso. III. SG 4 remain

818

C. Uuutiv.

S«*GEO.HU

AJXlWi

Sheriff to im-pannel a Jury to a fiefs the Purchase Money to he paid for the Premiles herein mentioned.

4 remain for ever veiled in the said Society, in Trust for the Use and 4 Accommodation of the said Court, of Chancery, and to and for no

other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever: And Whereas Mdtrt 4 Greenbill Russell of Lincoln'* Inn aforesaid, Esquire, i* entitled In& '* Estate for his own Life, with the Power of assigning the hue

4 upon the Terms and according to the Rule* and Regalatm of

the ftid Society, of apd in a certain Syt of Chymbfsnom At 4 said Council Chamber of the said Society, and certain Row or

Chambers over the same; and the said Society are entitled ta the

Reversion and Inheritance thereof, CabjeA to such Estate adla-

terest of the said Robert GreenbiU RuffeU therein^ audit wfi he 4 proper that such Chambers and Rooms should be defiveved np to 4 the said Society; and that proper Compensation {hould be nade to 4 the said Robert Greenhill RuffeU for bn Estate and Interest therno, and for the Loft and Inconvenience, he w9 be put to bybrisg 4 obliged immediately to remove therefrom, and to gnu up the 4 Pefiession thereof to the said Society $ and it isjuufooeHrJtbai the said Society should be ram bur fed all Obliges, and Expeaces which 4 they have or may be put to for Plans and Eftkmttes for the dvMings for the said Court, and in the necefevry AJtcnuiuos uf thnr

fair! Pniinril PlianaKpr. or ntllArnriG>. in rnnfrnnrirr A — mf; 1

Witneflet to be fumooooed.

laid Council Chamber, or otherwise,

May it therefore pjeafe Your Majesty, that it mar be «Ad; and be it enacted by The King's Most ExcdLfon* Majesty, by and noth the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Common*, ia this prefen t Parliament affemWed* and bytheAflthonty of the famq, That the Sheriff of the County of ABddlefno Mlforthwith, and he is hereby empowered and required to impair!, Smugo apd return not less than Twelve nor more than Twenty foot £db-ftantial and indifferent Persons of his Bailiwick, qualified to fern qo Juries; and the Persons so, to be impanneffect, frowned and r-turned as affirefaid are hereby required to cro rodappou briar the said Sheriff at his Office in Bedford Row* in Ur fbxrikuf A»f Andrew, Holborn, in the said County* at such time as (haliteJf*-eified in such Warrant, and to attend the said Sheriflor his {kpoty at the.said Placeuntil discharged by the said Sheriff on his Deputy; and out of fu*h Penfops ffi to be impanneUed, famnwdLand-turned* a Jury of Twelve Man ffia}! be drawn by the said Sheriff* hiu Demnty, in Xugh manner us Julies for Trials of. Has jorodj* His Majesty/s Qoprts at Westmiifkr*# by Law to be dram; and in case a sufficien* Numbered Jurymen shall nqt appear at the dor and Place appointed as .asque^pd* the said Sheriff or.kuu Deputy Aafl return, other honest and indifferent Me*, of the Bye Studs* ore! others, who can be fpaedily procured to attend that Service, being is qualified as aforesaid* to nsnkfe up the(faid Joey to tbebNnxnter of Twelve, and all Parties, copom^A my have theirfluv*fisl Chttny agpinft any of the said Jurymyn, but IhattiUOt jcbaUouro. the Any; and the said Sheriff or his Deputy-is hereby einpgwrwwd uuquml to summon and cull before him any Witmelfes tcnchmg-t.hu wtmk queftiou, apd if he shall, thinfefit*xHlfo: G«C^ thereto required, order and authorise the said^Jvry# ofi jny Tuaflf more of theip, to view the Piece or. PlUOOS^ miliars iDcvihiros s controvevfy, and such Jury ffiaU upgn.rtl^X)cfri^idhidbCw»a» well as the Oaths to such the, Sheriffs hia fhiwrij

hereby empowered a#dequi*ed to adminitor) taqfptniaft

A.t). 181& 56* GEO, III C. horviu. wi&

andfpe for the same within Three Calendar Morith* after the Offrart1 or Offences shall be committed, and One Moiety of all such Fines,

Penalties or Forfeitures shall be to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof (together with Treble Costs of Suit) shall be to and for the Use of the rerfon or 'Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

LII. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be Dttrcfr aot unmade for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue-of this wtat

Ad, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the °*Fonn*

Patty or Parties making the same be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Sum* mons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers, ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage sustained in an Action on the Case.

LIII. And, for the more.easy and speedy Conridion of Offenders Form of On* against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the vtftion.

Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet,

4 JftE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

A. B. is convicted before me, One of His

4 Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

4 \Here Specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and 4 where committed, at the case may be] contrary to an Act of Par*

4 {lament made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George 4 the Third, intituled [Here insert the Title of this Ad}. Given

under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above written.*

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Plaintiff not to shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or recover afar Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty one Days before such Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fjpecifying the Cause of such Attion; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action Limitation of or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any A&knu. thing done in pursuance of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the said County where the Cause of Action

shall

820

C. lxxxiv.

56° geo. nr.

A.D. 1816.

Courts, &c. to be veiled in the Society of Lin* cob's Inn, in Trait

Bxpences

Act.'

of the

If Suitors* Money be wanted, the Money taken to become a Debt due from the Public.

by the said High Coart of Chancery, and aKo to the Trnfiatr of the said Honourable Society for the time being, for the Ufa and ob the Account of the said Society, such Sum or Soma of Money m they shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Court to have bees paid, laid out or expended by them for Plans or Eftfamtes far the said Court, and in toe Alterations in their said CouncS Chamber, uecessary and consequent to such intended new Building or other wise, in relation thereto; and also such Sum or Sums of Money, tad at such time or times, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Brians, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for theCoftodyof the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, shall in his and tbdr Discretion deem necessary, and not exceeding the Sum of Mae thoe* sand Pounds, to be applied under the Direction of the End Coart, j in erecting, building and completing a proper and convenient Court of Justice in Lincoln's Inn aforesaid, for the said Vice ChnaoeBor of i England, upon a Plan to be approved of by the said Society, wherem I the Business of the said Court may be transacted and carried os; and in filing up the said Court with proper Furniture, Nccdaries and Conveniencies, and for transaCting the Business thereof; and also such further Sum or Sums of Money, either yearly or in grab, over and above the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, as (haD beaeceBarr for keeping the same in Repair, and for insuring and keeping the same insured from Lof9 or Damage by Fire, at such Infaraocr Offer or Offices, and in such manner, and in such Name or Name* and for such Sum or Sums, as the said Court shall from time to time order and dire d.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the bid Court* and tin Rooms and Cellars thereunto belonging, shall continue n£edin the Trustees for the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn, and then Successors, for ever, in Trust nevertheless for the Use of the hid Court; and that the same shall be used for the public Porpofcs br this Act directed in respect of the same, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever, except that in case at any thne hereafter the same shall cease to be used for the Purposes aforesaid, then dr same shall revert to and become the absolute Property of the fad Society.

V. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dwi-den da of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities, porckafed; and to be purchased as aforesaid, Handing in the Name of the Ac- I countant General of the said Court, to the several Accounts heron- 1 before mentioned, or either of them, the Expences incurred m procuring and passing this Act, and the Cods, Charges and Expose* of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, (U1 be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, Thai if at any time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money to be bid out and expended in pursuance of this Act shall be wanted to aofver any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, or any Salaries, Payments or Sums of Money payable or ordered or granted, or to become payable or ordered or granted, under or by virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of 1 any Order or Orders made or to be made under the Authority df

icy

3. 181

56° GEO. III. C. Ixxxiv — Ixxxvii.

821

CucK AA or A6to heretofore passed, and the Stocks and Funds Cash then standing in the Name of the Accountant General of said Court, to the several Accounts before mentioned or. either hem, shall not be sufficient to answer and satisfy the same, that same Money taken from the said Fund for the Purposes and virtue of this Act, shall be and be considered a Debt due from*Public, and shall be answered and made good by Parliament ordingly.

/II- And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed I taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially acted.

Cap. lxxxv.

n Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for making a Canal from the Grand Junction Canal in the Parish of Paddington to the River Thames, in the Parish of Limehouse. [2d July 1816.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

in Ad to alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha. (b)

[2d July 1816. j

Cap. Ixxxvii.

\n Ad to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for granting certain Powers to the Gas Light and Coke Company. [2d July 1816.]

WHERE AS. an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for granting 4 certain Powers and Authorities to a Company, to be incorporated by 4 Charter, to be called The Gas Light and Coke Company, for 4 making inflammable Air, for lighting of the Streets of the Metropolis, and for procuring Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Ajphaltum, Ammoniacal 4 Liquor and EJfential Oil from Coal, and for the Purposes relating 4 thereto: And Whereas His Majesty, by his Royal Charter bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ( twelve, did incorporate the said Company in pursuance of and sub-1 jed to the Provisions of the said Act, by the said Name of The Gas 4 Light and Coke Company: And Whereas an Act was passed in the 4 Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4 An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty,

4 for granting certain Powers and Authorities to the Gas Light and 4 Coke Company: And Whereas the said Company have proceeded 4 in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of the said recited ( Acts and the said Charter, and have established large and extensive 4 Works, and have afforded a Supply of Gas to a considerable Part*of the Cities of London and Westminster: And Whereas the Inha* 4 bitants of various Parts of the said Cities are deflrous to be supplied 4 with Gas for their private Use, and have made Application jjo the said Company to extend their Works for that Purpofi^y And 1 Whereas, in ordefr to enable the said Company to incpgSle their

3 G 34 Works,

Public Act.

52 G.3. C.CXCV.

3?G. 3. c.19. (10

39 G. 3. c.46.

50 G- 3. c. cliiii.

Charter, 30th April 181a.

54 G. 3. c. cxvi.

C. Ixxxiv.

56° geo. nr.

A. D. 1818.

Courts, &c. to be vested in the Society of Lincoln's Inn, in Trait

Bxpences of the Ad.-

If Suitors' Money be wanted, the Money taken to become a Debt due from the Public.

by the said High Court of Chancery, and also to the Treafiatrof the said Honourable Society for the time being, for the Ufc ad a'the Account of the said Society, such Sura or Sums of Moaey as they shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Court to have been paid, laid out or expended by them for Plans or Eftinata for the 1 said 'Court, and in the Alterations in their Cud Conned Chamber, uecefTary and consequent to such intended new Building or cgfaervik, in relation thereto; and also such Sum or Suras of Money, ad at such time or times, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britan, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for theCaftodydike Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, shall in his and their Discretion deem necessary, and not exceeding the Sum of Nae thus-fand Pounds, to be applied under the Direction of the End Court, in erecting, building and completing a proper and conveniest Court of Justice in Lincoln'/ Inn aforesaid, for the said Vice Quncdfer of England, upon a Plan to be approved of by the said Society, wherein the Business of the said Court may be t ran faded and earned on; and in filing up the said Court with proper Furniture, Necdbnes and Conveniences, and for transading the Business thereof; and also such further Sum or Sums of Money, either yearly or in grab, o?er and above the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, as fhaDbenece&y for keeping the same in Repair, and for insuring and keeping the same insured from Loss or Damage by Fire, at such Infuraoce Office or Offices, and in such manner, and in such Name or Nine* md for such Sum or Sums, as the said Court shall from time to date order and direct.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Court, aid the Rooms and Cellars thereunto belonging, shall continue veiled in the Trustees for the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's /as, and their Successors, for ever, in Trust nevertheless for the Use of the Cad Court; and that the same shall be used for the public Purpofa bj this Act directed in respect of the same, and to or for no other Uk or Purpose whatsoever, except that in case at any time hereafter 1he same shall cease to be used for the Purposes aforesaid, then the same shall revert to and become the absolute Property of the bid Society.

V. And be it further enacted, That out of the Iuterest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities, pnrdafcd and to be purchased as aforesaid, (landing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, to the several Accounts herek-before mentioned, or either of them, the Expences incurred b procuring and passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expenoes of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. That if at any time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money to be bid out and expended in pursuance of this Act shall be wanted to answer atiy of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, or any Salaries, Payments or Sums of Money payable or ordered or granted, or to become payable or ordered or granted, under or by virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of any Order or Orders made or to be made under the.Authorky of

any

X>. 1816.

56° GEO. III. C. lxxxiv-r-lxxxvii.

r such AA or Acts heretofore patted, and the Stocks and Funds I Cash then standing in the Name of the Accountant General of Said Court, to the federal Accounts before mentioned or. either them, Audi not be fuf&cient to answer and fati&fy the same, that: same Money taken from the said Fund for the Purposes and virtue of this Act, shall be and be considered a Debt due from

: Public, and shall be answered and made good by Parliament cordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Public Act. d taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially eaded.

Cap. lxxxv.

n Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Fifty second 52 G.3 c.cxcv. Year of His present Majesty, for making a Canal from the Grand Junction Canal in the Parish of Paddington to the River Thames, in the Parish of Limehouse. [2d July 1816.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

kn Ad to alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed in 370.3.0.19. the Parliament of Ireland, for repairing and improving the Roads PO leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha. (b) 39 G. 3. c.46.

[2d July 1816.J

Cap. lxxxvii.

\n Ad to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for granting certain Powers to the Gas Light and Coke Company. [2d July 1816.]

WHERE AS. an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the co G. 3. cclitii. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for granting ' cer tain Powers and Authorities to a Company, to be incorporated by 4 Charter, to be called The Gas Light and Coke Company, for 4 making inflammable Air, for lighting of the Streets of the Metropolis,

' and for procuring Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniaccd 4 Liquor and EJfential Oil from Coal, and for the Purposes relating 4 thereto: And Whereas His Majesty, by his Royal Charter bearing Charter, 30th*Date the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and April 1811.

twelve, did incorporate the said Company in pursuance of and sub- jed to the Provisions of the said Act, by the said Name of The Gas 1 Light and Coke Company: And Whereas an Act was passed in the .

Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 54 g. 3. c.cxvu*An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty,

for granting certain Powers and Authorities to the Gas Light and c Coke Company: And Whereas the said Company have proceeded 4 in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of the said recited 4 Acts and the said Charter, and have established large and extensive 4 Works, and have afforded a Supply of Gas to a considerable Part 4 of the Cities of London and Westminster: And Whereas the Inha*

4 bitants of various Parts of the said Cities are desirous to be supplied 4 with Gas for their private Use, and have made Application^ the said Company to extend their Works for that PurpoAnd 1 Whereas, in order to enable the said Company to incigale their

3 G 3 '4 Works,

C. lxxxiv.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Courts, &c. to be «dted in the Society of Lincoln*! Inn, in TrufL

Bxpences of the Ad.'

If Suitors* Money be wanted, the Money taken to become a Debt due from the Public.

by the said High Court of Chancery, and also to the Trwliuerof the said Honourable Society for the time being, for the Use and os the Account of the said Society, such Sum or Sums of Money a they shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Court to hate ben paid, laid out or expended by them for Plans or Estimates for the said Court, and in the Alterations in their said Council Chamber, wecefTary and consequent to such intended new Building or otherwise, in relation thereto; and also such Sum or Sums of Money, and it such time or times, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britw, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, shall in his and tiff Discretion deem necessary, and not exceeding the Sum of Nine thro-fand Pounds, to be applied under the Direction of the find Court, in erecting, building and completing a proper and convenient Court of Justice in Lincoln*t Inn aforesaid, for the said Vice Chancellor of England, upon a Plan to be approved of by the said Society, wherein the Business of the said Court may be transacted and carried od; and in siting up the said Court with proper Furniture, Neccffarin and Conveniences, and for transacting the Business thereof; and also such further Sum or Sums of Money, either yearly or in gross, over and above the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, as shall be necefhry for keeping the same in Repair, and for insuring and keeping the same insured from Loss or Damage by Fire, at such Insurance Office or Offices, and in such manner, and in such Name or Names, and for such Sum or Sums, as the said Court shall from time to time order and direct.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Court, and the Rooms and Cellars thereunto belonging, shall continue veiled in the Trustees for the said Honourable Society of Lincoln*t Innt and their Successors, for ever, in Trust nevertheless for the Use of the said Court; and that the same shall be used for the public Purpose bj this Act directed in respect of the same, and to or for no other lTle qr Purpose whatsoever, except that in case at any time hereafter the same shall cease to be used for the Purposes aforesaid, then the same shall revert to and become the absolute Property of the said Society.

V. And be it' further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dm* dends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities, pnrdufed and to be purchased as aforesaid, Handing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, to the Several Accounts hereinbefore mentioned, or either of them, the Expencet incurred in procuring and passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expeocn of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Enflad, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if at any time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money to be hid out and expended in pursuance of this Act shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, or any Salaries, Payments or Sums of Money payable or ordered or granted, or to become payable or ordered or granted, under or by virtue of any former Act or A 6b of Parliament, or by virtue of any Order or Orders made or to be made under the^uthority

- - - SOT

D. 181ft.

GEO. ML

C.hnncvii.

fc>ns, Restrictfons, Penalties and Forfeiture* as in and by the said Hted Ad or either of them, are expressed and contained of and deeming the Shares created by virtue thereof, and now veiled in b several and respective Proprietors of and in the said Underking; lind the Admitfion of all and every Person and Persons to tj finch new Share or Shares, by any Order or Resolution of the id Company, or their Court of Directors, shall be and be deemed > he a good and effectual Title to such Person or Persons, and his, )* or their respective Executor!, Administrators or Assigns, on b» her or their paying to the said Company, or their Tceaforer or IVeafarera for the time being, the Sum or Sums of Money required t> be paid for such Share! respectively, within the time limited in aeh Order or Resolution for that Purpose: Provided always that 10 Person shall be entitled to vote at any General ot Special Meeting rf the said Company, in respect of any Shares created by virtue of his Act, until he or she shall have been pofletied thereof for the Space rf Three Calendar Months.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be the Property of more than one Person, the Owner or Proprietor whose Name shall have been ehtered first m Order in the Books of the said Company, shall for all the Purposes of the said Company be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares; and all Notices required by the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Company, shall and may be giten to or served upon such Person whose Name shall To stand first in Order in the Books of the said Company; and such Service upon such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Service upon all the Ownero or Proprietor! of such Share or Shares, for all the Purposes for which fudi Service is intended to be made upon the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares by the said recked Acts and this Act, or either of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Proprietor of Two or more Shares in the said Company's Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such Shares at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at such General or Special Meetings as aforesaid, either in Person or by Proxy, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking ! Provided nevertheless, that nb Person shall deliver in Proxies for mote than Ten Proprietors* and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made hi the Form following 5 +ideJ$ett9

4 T rf* B. of one of the Proprietors

of and in the Ga$ Light and Coke Company do hereby no.

4 mlnate, constitute and appoint C. D. of

to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my Absence, to vote or

give my A (Tent to of DHTent from any Business, matter or thing 4 relating to the said Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or pro-

posed at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, in

4 inch manner as he the said C» D. shall think proper, according 4 to Ms Opiriion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any thing relating thereto. In Witness whereof I have 4 hereunto set my Harid the Day of

3 G 4

Shares (trading in the Names of more than one Person, the Person whose Name Hands first shall for all the Purposet of this Act be deemed the Owner.

Empowering Proprietors of Shares to vote by Proxy.

Form.

VI. And

824

C.taDEVU.

56° GEO. ill.

A.D. 1814.

Power to light of HouTm, kc. from the Ma ns.

Power to em ploy Manufacturers »r>H Deal-ers of the Materials to hr uled in lighting up House, under the Cootroul of the Company.

Penalty.

Power to lay Mains, and to erefl Machinery requisite for securing a competent Supply of Gas to Dwelling Houses, &c and to alter or amend imperfect Work; hut not to break up Pavements, &c. without Con sent of Commissioners or Trustees.

VI* And be it further eaacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, in such cases as to them shall seem meet and convenient, to cany, fit up and fumifh any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or other ne-eflary Apparatus, from any main Pipe laid in any Street, Highway, Road, Lane, Passage or Place by the said Company, by virtu of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any or either of then, m, to or through any Dwelling House or Houles, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same, army public or private Lamp, from any such Main, with the Coofem of the Owner or Occupier of such Dwelling House or Moofet, Mm-fadories, public or private Buildings, but not otherwise: Provided always, that the said Company, in carrying into Execution the Power hereby granted, in respect of fitting up any such Dwelling Houses, Manufadories, public or private Buildings, shall employ or appoint such Manufadurers of, or Dealers of the Materials to he used; as to the said Company shall seem meet and proper, and such Manufadurers or Dealers shall execute the same under and ttjed to the Superintendance, Coutroul and Direction of the said Company: Provided also, that the said Company.shall not, an any Account or upon any Pretence whatever, employ or (et to work, in fitting up any such Dwelling Houses, Manufadories, public or private Buildings, any Workman or Servant or any other Period in the Pay or Employ of the said Company; nor lull the said Company themselves manufacture, fell or vend aoy of the Materiab requisite, except Stop Cocks and Burners, nor directly «iodncdly take or derive any Emolument, Advantage or Profit from Inch Works, upon pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with full Coils of Suit, to the Party who shall foe for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at IVcJlminster9 in which no EiToin, Protection, Wager of Law, oar more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to lay any Mata re* quifite for the Supply of any Dwelling House or Houles, Mano* fadories, public or private Buildings, and to ered and set up, by themselves or their Agents, Servants and Workmen, any Machine or other Apparatus nece(Tary or requisite for securing to such Dwell, ing House or Houses, Manufadories, public or private Buddings a proper and competent Supply of Gas, or for measuring and ascertaining the Extent of such Supply, and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which shall have been placed in such Dwelling Houses, Manufadories, public or private Buildings, any thing in the said recited Acts or this Act, or any or either of tfarm, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be couftrued to extend to permit or authorize or empower the said Company, or any Officer or Person now or hereafter appointed or employed by the said Company, or any other Person or Perfoas whomsoever, at any time or times hereafter to break or take up or remove any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatsoever or wheresoever, in order to lay down main Pipe

or

A.D. 181 A.

*°G£0. III.

CVbnrxvii.

823

latiofls, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures as in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them, are expressed and contained of and concerning the Shares created by virtue thereof, and no* veiled in the several and respective Proprietors of and in the said Undertaking; and the Admifton of all and every Person and Persons to any such new Share or Shares, by any Order or Resolution of the ibid Company, or their Court of Directors, shall be and be deemed to be U good and effectual Title to such Person or Persons, and his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators or Afltgns, on Im, her or their paying to the said Company, or their Treaforer or Trwrfurers for the time being, the Sum or Sums of Money required to be paid for such Shares respectively, within the time limited in such Order or Resolution for that Purpose: Provkfed always that no Person shall be entitled to vote at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, m tefpe& of any Shares created by virtue of this Act, until he or she shall have been poff&ffed thereof for the Space of Three Calendar Months.

IV. And be it further Snacted, That when utiy Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be the Property of more than one Pbrfon, the Owner or Proprietor whose Name shall have been entered forft in Order in the Books of the said Company, shall for all the Purposes of the said Company be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares; and all Notices required by the said retiled Acts and this Act, or either of them, to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shanes in the said Company, shall and may be given to or served upon such Person whose Name shall so stand fitft in Order in the Books of the said* Company; and such Service upon such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Service upon all the Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, for all the Purposes for which such Service Is intended to be made upon the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares by the said recked Acts and this Act, of either of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Proprietor of Two or more Shares in the said Company's Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such Shares at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at such General or Special Meetings as aforesaid, either in Person or by Proxy, every Such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking: Provided nevertheless, that nb Person shall deliver in Proxies for more than Ten Proprietors, and the Appointment of such Proxies may be itiade in the Form following; oidtiicet,

4 T A. J3. of one of the Proprietors

of and in the GaS Light and Coke Company do hereby norriinate, constitute and appoint C. D. of

to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my Absence, to vote or 4 give my A (Tent to Of DHTent from any Buiinefs, matter or thing 4 relating to the said Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or pro-

Sfed at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, in : h manner as he the said C. D. shall think proper, according 4 to Ms Opiiiion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any thing relating thereto. In Witness whereof I have 4 hereunto set toy Harid the Day of .*

VI. And

Shires (trading in the Names of

more than one Person, the Person whose Name (lands first shall for all the Purposet of this Act be deemed the Owner.

Empowering Proprietors of Shares to vote by Proxy.

Form.

3 G 4

8*4

Chonwii.

58* GEO. III.

A .1). 18 is.

Poorer to fm ploy Manufacturers anH Deal< ers of the Materials to He used in lighting up Houfis, under the Contrail of the Company.

P°Tw .VL A, id* itL farther That it Audi be lawful for At

from the°Ma-ns. Company, and they are hereby fully authorized and empooad, in such cases as to them shall seem meet and convenient, to cmy, it up and furnish any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or othtt- ot-eflary Apparatus, from any main Pipe laid in any Street, Highway, Road, Lane, Passage or Place by the said Company, by vitae of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any or either of them, a, to or through any Dwelling House or Houles, Manufactories, jaMic or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same, army public or private Lamp, from any such Mam, with the Omfioa d the Owner or Occupier of such Dwelling House or Hooiin, Mass* factories, public or private Buildings, but not otherwise: Prodded always, that the said Company, in carrying into Execution the Power hereby granted, in respect of fitting up any such Dwefiag Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, shall employ or appoint such Manufacturers of, or Dealers of the Materials to be used; as to the said Company shall seem meet and proper, and such Manufacturers or Dealers shall execute the same under and fdbjeft to the Superintendance, Cootroul and Direction of the find Company: Provided also, that the said Company.shall not, on any Account or upon any Pretence whatever, employ or fit to work, in fitting up any such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, pnh&c or private Buildings, any Workman or Servant or any other Ferfia in the Pay or Employ of the said Company; nor shall the Hud Company themselves manufacture, fell or vend any of the Mfterials requisite, except Stop Cocks and Burners, nor directly or odheEtiy take or derive any Emolument, Advantage or Profit from fact Works, upon pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with full Colts of Suit, to the Party who shall foe for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Cafi, Biflf Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no EfToin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to lay any Main it-requifite for fe- Su^lte*or Supply of any Dwelling House or Houses, Mass-curing a com- factories, public or private Buildings, and to erect and set up, by petent Supply of themselves or their Agents, Servants and Workmen, any Machine Gat to Dwelling or other Apparatus necessary or requisite for securing to such DweA-Housea, &cjand^ ing House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buddings, Imperfcfik Work*a ProPer an^ competent Supply of Gas, or for measuring and afeer-butnot to break' taining the Extent of such Supply, and also to alter or amend any up Pavement*, bad or imperfect Work which shall have been placed in such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, any thing in the said recited Acts or this Act, or any or either of them, to the contrary thereof in anywise not with (landing: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or authorize or empower the said Company, or any Officer or Person now or hereafter appointed or employed by the said Company, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, at any time or times hereafter to break or take up or remove any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatsoever or wheresoever, in order to lay down main Pipe

Penalty.

Power to lay Maioi, and to

Sec. without Con fern of Coinmif-(ioners or Trustees.

A.D. 1816-

56" GEO. III.

C. lxxxfii.

825

or Pipes to convey Gas* without the Consent of the Comraissioners, Trudeee or other Persons having the Superintendence or Controul or Property of or in such Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of any such Streets, Roads or public Places, or a competent Number of them, from time to time in Writing fird obtained, but that nothing in this Clause contained shall be deemed or condrued to extend to prevent the said Company from repairing such main Pipes after such Consent obtained as- afore said, or from breaking or taking up or removing any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatsoever, for the Purpose of laying down or repairing any service Pipe or Pipes leading from such main Pipes, after such Consent so obtained as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements or Ground in any of the Streets, Roads or public Places within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the Suburbs, Precincts and Liberties thereof respectively, for the Purpose of making or laying down or repairing any Main or Mains of Pipes, or any Pipe or Pipes, or of altering the Position of or repairing any Pipes, Stop Cocks, Valves or Syphons, or other Works, or for any other Purpose, unless Notice in Writing of their Intention to break or take up such Pavement or Ground, (igned by the Principal Clerk or Secretary, or Inspector or Surveyor to the said Company, specifying the Street, Road or public Place, and the particular Part of such Street, Road or public Place in which such Pavement or Ground is intended to be broken or taken up, shall have been given to a Surveyor of the Pavemen ts or Roads lor the time being, (duly appointed and notified in pursuance of any Act of Parliament now or hereafter in force for that Purpose, ) of the parochial or other Did rid or Place wherein such Street, Road or public Place, the Pavement, Ground or Soil whereof is so intended to be broken or taken up shall be situate, or shall have been left for him at his Dwelling House or Office within such parochial or other Didrid or Place, for the Space of Three Hours at the lead, before such Pavement or Ground or any Part thereof shall be so broken or taken up, except in all cases of ludden Emergency, in which such Notice as aforesaid shall be given to such Surveyor of Pavements or Roads as soon as possible after such Pavement or Ground, or any Part thereof, shall be broken or taken up; and that the said Company shall not break or take up or dif-turb or cause to be broken or taken up or didurbed, the Pavement or Ground in any Street, Road or public Place within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purpose of laying down any Mains or Pipes, except service Pipes of a Diameter not exceeding One Inch in the Bore, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Controul of the Pavements or RoAds, Ground or Soil, in any parochial or other Didrid or Place, signified under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer or Officers, fird obtained; and that if the said Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavement or Ground- without such Notice being given or left as aforesaid

(except

Rest rift ions respecting break' ing up Pavement*.

Nodes of breakup Pavement, .

&c.

Company breaking up Pavement without Notice, &c.

CfettorfL

5<T GEO.HL

AJ>. 1BK.

IK

(oaeept as tffbrefarfd), or shall break or take of, or difhirb or oak to be broken, token of or disturbed, mj of such Pramest or Ground, for die Purpose of laying down any Mains or Pipes (except service Pipes os afbreknd) without such Oanftwt as afbrrsaid, then and in every such case the find Company shall forfeit and pay to tk Commfffioners or Trustees or other Persons haring the Control of tke Pavements or Roads within the parochial or other District or Place in which such Pavement or Ground so broken or takes of or disturbed shall be situate, or to their Treafnrer, Clerk or Surrrror, Penalty. or to such other Person as they may appoint, the Sum of Treaty

Pounds for every fqnare Foot of Pavement or Ground which (hH be so broken or taken up without such Notice or Cetifent as aforefai, to he recorered with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty'i Courts of Record at Westminster % by Addon of Debt, or os the Case, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Eftoin, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance fhaM be allowed: Provided always, that the said Company shall not be fobjeft or table to the Payment of more than one Pen sky, or to more thn or Action, Sait or other Proceeding in respect of any one Offence coo-mkted, whether by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of IMiament, now or hereafter in force, airy Law, Statute, Ufagtor Custom to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. lUqidring On»- IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever and so cfcrt a the peny to-reMats fcjd Company foal! have lawfully broken up or removed the Stones, fter^lpes] &c! Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of arry Street, Road, Highwiyfr have been iaid ptibhc Place, Or Sny Part thereof, the fetid Company (hill and they down. afe hereby required immediately then after to remftate tmd make good

such Ground, Sod or Pavement, in 0s gotod found State and Condition as the Tame was or were in at the time of being so broken of, to the Sarisfaftion of the Surveyor of the Commissioom or Trdtas of such Pavement, Soil or Ground rfefpe&ivfcly; and the fold Coo-pany shall carry away all surplus Earth, Frith and Rubhilh occasioned thereby, at their own Costs and Charges; and that during the Works of the fetid Company, and retaliating such Ground, Sod or Phvement as aforefarid, the said Company mall provide proper Watclimen, with neceflkry Lamps, and otherwise fecurb and guird the said Works, so as to prevent any Damage or Inconvcmtoce Company not re- happening to Passengert, Cattle or Carriages j and in case the fad ment^Mid not" Company fh&H neglect and make Default in making good and rero-repaying Com- Gating inch Ground, 80A or Paverttent as aforesaid, Within TVfiitf

miflfoner* the four Hours tlext after Notice given to or left for the said Company

Expences. it their Hottfe or Osten, it fhau be lawful for the said Cofnmifiorwi or Trustees to reinstate and make good such Grourid, Soil or Pitt* meat; and the Charges and Expencetr thereof shall be reimborfed and repaid by the fafa Company, or their Treafoter, to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or their respective Tfeafurer j and in Deftok of Payment thereof within Seten Days neat after Demand thereof in Writing shaft have been made by the Clerk of the said Commissiosm or Trustees, such Sum or Stuns of Money so paid by them foil and tostf be recovered of and from the feud Coftpany of their Ttw-forer, Clerk or Agent, by Addon Of Debt, in attf erf Hi* Mafetyi Action* Cotms of Record at Wefindnjltr; and in which Afttetf or Aftkmi.

no Effete, Protestton or Wager at Law, Of moit ihA doe balance, shall be allowed.

5^©E0.1IL

#27

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Dtftroying fh*M wMfuiW -and mibckuflv, and to the Prejudice of the fold Com- Work*, pany or of their Undertaking, break, throw down, destroy, take away, damage or injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Trunk,

VaHe, Syphon, Machine, Erection or Budding kid, placed, erected or set up by the kid Company, by virtue of the said recked Act* and this Act, or either of them, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution the several Powers and Authorities given to and vested in the said Company, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty af Felony; and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully eonVi&ed, shall be Cubjeft to the like Pumlhment and Penalties as in cxfea of Grand Larceny; and the Court by or before PunMhment. whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like manner a9 Felons are directed to be punidied by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in cases of Petty Larceny.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Directors Report of of the said Company shall, and they are hereby required, within One Work* to be Calendar Month after every Half Yearly General Meeting of the [*"|arr° ^es^# said Company, or oftener if required by the Right Honourable the f^thl Home* Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being, Department, to transmit to the said Secretary of State a Report in Writing, Half Yearly at signed by the Governor, Deputy Governor or one of the Directors

of the said Company, of the State of the said Company and of their Works, and the Means possessed by the said Company for securing the Continuance of their Operations, and such other matters relating to the Works and Proceedings of the said Company as the said Secretary of State shall from time to time require.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Stations and Works Sutioni and of the said Company shall be open at all convenient times for the Work* to bt Inspection and Examination of such Person or Persons as the said t^nfMaionof Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being shall perfoni tp-appoint from time to time for that Purpose; and the said Company pointed by the (haD, and they are hereby required, to conform to such Regulations Secretary of and Proceedings in the several Parts of their Works and Operations, State*

as well in respect of those already erected or executed, as of such as shall hereafter be ere died and executed, as the said Secretary of State shall consider necessary and proper, and shall direct to be adopted, for the better and more effectually lighting the several Parts of the Metropolis and the Suburbs, Liberties and Precindls thereof, where the Mains and Pipes of the said Company shall lie, and for more effectually securing a proper and permanent Supply of Gas for lighting the public Lamps therein, and for assisting and advancing the Benefits to be derived from an active and efficient Police, and for such other Purposes as to the said Secretary of State shall seem meet and proper for the Advantage of the Public.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Autho- 5° G. 3. cclxix. rities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Privileges, Penalties, #g. - c.cxvi Forfeitures, Clauses, Restrictions, matters and things whatsoever con-^thbAd to tained in the said recited Acts, so far as the same were in force at be cooftrued as the time of passing this Act, and so far as the same are not ex- one Ad. pressly altered or repealed by this Act, shall extend and be construed

to

8*8

ChoomL

56° GEO. III.

AJDlISIS.

Public aa.

to extend and operate, and be in same with respect to the Sam a? Money allowed to be raised, and to the additional Sham to be made or created under this Act, and also with respect to all matim and things whatfeever, which may happen or anse in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes m if the lame and every Part thereof were repeated and rceiaftrd m tha Ad, and were made Part thereof; and the said recited Acts and this Act shall, as to all matters and things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be conftroed as one Ad.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deened and taken to be a public Ad, and shall be judicially Notice cf as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being fpecuBy pleaded.

1.1816.

56° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 1 — 7.

829

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

D WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY* BE GIVEN IN

EVIDENCE.

B. To each of these Acts is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others."

Cap. I.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Alwinton, in the County of Northumberland. [4th March 1816.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for inclosing the Common or Waftc Grbund, called Holton Mqfs or Moore Moss, within the Manor and Township of Moore9 in the County Palatine of Chester. [aad March 1816.]

Cap. 3.

An Act for ratifying and confirming certain Exchanges made under an Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blidworthf in the County of Nottingham. [ 11 th April 1816. J

Cap 4.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thorp Arch and Wal-ton, in the County of the City of York* [nth April 181&]

Cap 3*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newbum9 in the County of Northumberland. [1 ith April 1816.]

Cap 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Heaton9 in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

[1 ith April 1816«]

Cap. 7.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rifon9 in the County of tork..[nth April 1816.]

Cap

JPr#C. 8 — 16.

50 0O. IIL

AALlSIS.

Ctf/. 8.

An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands and Heredkament*, belonging to the Free Grammar School of King Edmmni the Sixth, in the Town or Borough of Grantham, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be frtrird upon the Trusts on which such Messuages, Lands and Heredkaaeats are held. [2ift May iBrf.]

Cap p.

An Act for confirming and effeduating a Partition of a Meflhagt, Farm and Lands, called Westhourn, otherwise Wcjtbory Farms in the Parishes of Paddington, Kenhngtaa and Chel/ea, or same or one of them, in the County of MideUesea, in which the VetY RAer-eud WilTtam Beaumont Bujhy, Doctor in Divinity, and WiSfan Heroey Esquire, ban* undivided Moieties [a*l May 1818.j

Cap. 1 a.

An Act for indofingLauds in the Manor of £cchik/MIr and especially within the Ty thing of Eqfi Woodhay othersrtfe Wy&ty, in the County of Southampton [21ft May 1816 ]

Cap. ii«

An Act to commute for a Corn Rent the Ty thes sad Dues payable to the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Sant Mich+l upon Wore, in the County'Palatiifc of' Loot after

fitfUBgrrihd]

Cap W.

An Act for efibcting'an Exchange of an-Eftaje devifod bytht W5H of the Reterend Maury Zaacb for an Eftale befogging t» Mt Ltmtkar Esquire, in Fee Simple* [31ft. May 1816, ]

Cap jj.

An Act for ueftior, orvtain EfUtes so the Parish of Lade, the County of Tort* Part? of the £fUt*BB devised by tht Will of CkrUbfbaf\Otto Lordfiifiop ofan Trufaq^-tobe Sold, sad faatbjgafctPittfthe Money arising by such .Sate in the Ptvcbifcof other Eitates to be settled to the same Uses. £ 31ft May 1816.]

Cap 14*

An Act* for resting Parts df the fettfod EftatW of Staff*/ Aliafy Esquire, in the County of Chester % in a Trustee, to be sold $ asd for purchasing other Estates, <0 lye^settled to the same Ufa.

frift'JKy'iMj

Cap. 15.

An Act for inclosing La&<i* in the Township of Bortoick and Parish of tParton, in the Gounty Palatinfc otLandtfkr.

[31 ft May i8id]

Cap. 16.

An Act for incfofiqg Lands in the H*mfet of Alton, in tJjeRu&of Anil itk th^jCounty of Worcester [31ft May rf id]

Cof.

>. 1816-

5G° GEO. IU.

Prva 17 — 26.

SSI

Cft>* IT*

A<d for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wellington* in the 'ounty, of Somerset. [^i^May i8i&]

Cap. i8,

Act for inclosing Leeds in the Manor of A/krigg, in the Parish »f Aifgarth and County of TerL [31ft AT*816.]

Wiotmeia to The King for Right to Stone and Right, of Soil in AJfrrigg Pa&ure and Nemtbiggtn Pasture, § 16. Allotment to The King as Lord of Manor for Right of Soil of the other Lands to be divided, &c. under this Act, §8. Extract of so much of Award as relates to His Majesty. Allotments to be transmitted to Land Revenue Office^ § 38*.

Cap. 19*

n Aid for eoclofing Lands in the Hamlet of HomufoU+in the P^rish p£ Dronfield, in the County of Derby* [31ft May 1816.] Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, § 21.

Cap. to*

in Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of BrUJlvjtJflc* in the Parish of Thornhill, in the West Riding of the County of York*

[31ft May 1816.]

Cap. 21.

^n Ad forJnclofiqg Lands in the PariQies of Church Strata*, WM-anfioto and Edgton, in the County of Salop. [31ft May i8io.]

Cap. 22.

bA^ for inclosing L^»ds ia, the Manor and Pasiftiiof Loadtfbo-rough, in the , £aft. fading of the County of York*

[31ft May 1816.]

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, f 21.

Cap. 23.

An Act for -inclofing Lands in the Parish of Whiflon, in the County of York* [31ft May 1816.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Small Tithes, f 20. Great " Tithes absolute in the Manors of Whiflon an*J Morthen, , § 23. u Allotment andCompenfation for Groat Tithes and l^oduflea in the " Minor of Morthen, $28.

Cap. 24.

An Act for inclosing Land! in the Manor of, Stainlind, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York. [g; A May816.]

Proviso for His Majesty* Right to Tithes*..$56*

Cap. 25.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Saggqrt, in the County of'Dublin* [jtft.T*f

Cap. 26.

An Act formclofing Wifi Sc dgmoor in the County of Stmtrfct*'

[31ft May 1816.] Cap

882

Pr. C. 27 — 34.

3<P GEO. III.

A.D. 181*.

Cap. 2^*

An Act |or inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fe'ck+kins, the

County of Worcester. Maj 1816.]

Cap. 28.

An. Act for filling certain Land* and Heritages in the Shire of Berwick^entaileciby AfoV late Earl bf Roftberj, decesrkd, ferfty.*ment of the Balance of the Price of certain other Landspsrckfa? and eptailod by him; and for pure haling and entailing other Lands.more convenient to the family Estates. [20th Jwm

*Cap. 29.

An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the WiH of Nttk1 Hyde Esquire, deceased# in Trustees, in Trail, to be sold, ud for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purdah of other Estates, ; t6 be settled to the same Uses as the Hates fa fold.^[20th Jnt \ % \i]

Cap. 30.

An Act for making the Trustees of Prifca Coborn*s Charity a Body Corporate, and For enabling them to fell Part of the Estates belonging to the said Charity, and to apply the Money arising therefrom in manner therein mentioned, and to grant Building Leafs of other Part of the Estates belonging to the said Chanty, act to appoint new Trustees of such of the Copyhold Estates Woogwg to the said Charity as are not to be sold. [20th Jm

Cap 31

An Act for uniting the Redory of Great Birch, in the County of Essex, with the adjoining Redory of Little Birth, in the fasar County, after the next Avoidance of either Benefice.

[20th Jssr iSi6.]

Cap. 32.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, and John Knight Efqnirr, of certain Lands in the County of Worcester. [20th /wmM]

Cap. 33.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parities of NevucajUc nnJtrLju, Trentham, Woolftanton and Stoke upon Trent, in the County 0/ Stafford. [apth Juu 1816.]

" Sale of The King's Allotment in Knutton lVaJley before or aftfr " Award, § 70* Tidies of Common Fields in Ne % i>caflle?wkn-11 tinguished, § 89. Regulation as to Compensation for such M Tidies, and varying the Tithe Rents, § 95 — 101. Prosifo for w Mines to His Majesty within the Copyhold Part of the Common " Fields, $ 114.

Cap. 34.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Linds in tk Parish of Dalhamf in the County of Suffolk. [20th Jm 1816.]

Allotment in Part Compenfiition for Tithes, § 26. Annoal Resu M in lieu of Tithes ascertained, § 43. When Tithes to case, #47.

D.1816.

S6*-GEO. III.

Pr. C. 35 — 43,

Cap. 35.

An Act for in doling Lands within the Manors, Townships or Divi. lions of Strickland Kettle and Nether Stavely, in the Parish of Kirkby in KeifRal, in the County of Weflnorlqnd* [20th June 1816.]

Cap. 36.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sonning9 in the Counties of Berks and Oxford* [20th June 1816. j

Proviso for Rights of Tithe Owners, § 47* Allotments in re--fpeft of Tithe free Lands to be Tithe free, f 48. Corn Rents in lieu of Tithes to Vicar ascertained, f 49 — 51. 53. Tithes payable till Award of Commissioners shall other wise direct, $ 52.

Cap. 37.

\n Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Arujlley9 in the County of Montgomery* [20th June 1816.]

Cap. 38.

An Act for vetting certain Lands belonging to the Reverend Henry Chatfield9 in the Rector for the time being of the Parish of Bab combe in the County of Sussex9 in Exchange for the Parsonage House of Balcombe, and the Glebe Lands belonging to the Said Parish; and for enabling the said Henry ChatfieTd to build a new Parsonage House upon the first mentioned Lands.

[22d June 1816.] i

Cap. 39.

An Act for establishing and effectuating an Exchange made between the Reverend Egerton Robert Neve9 Rector of Middleton Stoney9 in the County of oxford9 and the Mott Noble John Duke of Bedford9 and George Bainbridge Esquire, of Glebe and other Lands in Middleton Stoney aforesaid. [2 ad June 1816.]

Cap. 40.

An Act for rendering valid the Sale of certain Estates in the County 49 3*c* 8f.

of Argyll9 and a Salmon Fishing in the County of Inverness9 of George Marquis of Tweeddale, made under the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty.

[25th June 1816.]

Cap. 41.

An Act for vetting Part of the Settled Estates of the Reverend Sir Charles John Anderson Baronet in the County of York9 in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. [25th J* 1816.]

Cap. 42.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of CorJbam9 in the County of Wilts. [26th June 1816.]

Cap. 43*

An Act for vetting the undivided Parts or Shares of Robert Boyd the Younger, John Boyd and Uriah Boyd9 Infants, of and in certain settled Estates in the Parishes of Charlton and Woolwich, in 56 Geo. 111. 3 H the

*3*

19 G. 3. c. 48.

49G.t-c.x63.

Pr. C. 43 — 47. 56° GEO. III. A.D. 1810L I

the County of Kent, in Trustees for Sale, and for mveftiDg the \ Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled 1 to the lame Ufea. [ift Jmlj 1816.]

Cap. 44.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Framcir Boymim \ Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Prodoce ia or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances on the said Estates.

[2d July 1816.]

Cap. 45.

An Act for effecting an Exchange of certain Settled Estates cl John Wharton Esquire, for certain other Estates belonging to ban in Fee Simple, situate in the Counties of Fork, iVejlmcrtLxxJ and Durham. [2d July 1816.]

Cap 46.

An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Trust Estates denied by the Will of Philip Burton Esquire, deceased. [2d Julj 1816, 1

Cap. 47.

An Act for vesting a certain Settled Estate of Ann Sjke/br and others,in IVeJlcott over Westcott and Nether Weficott, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be sold for paying off Incumbrances thereon, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. [id Jt/y 1816. J

[INDEX removed.]

